hello! thank you Perfect Match mm havent thought of fav LI hm i guess Hayden or Alana tho we didnt get enough time with Alana :hawyee: hiii milque thanks for the invite ooh Rime stan? sorry for what hello hmrph ðŸ˜¤ your deer man has some stabbing kink not to mention choking MC in other routes too ðŸ’€ im still in shambles over Sage's Ch.12 update sorry kek i havent played Choices in a while, im not that interested in any of their recent book except QB2 im looking foward for the full release of Wake the Dead and Crimes of Passion though Laws of Attraction got me hooked too the MC sprites look decent too and then Aislinn is just ðŸ˜© ðŸ‘Œ whats TH:M? the The Haunting of Braidswood Manor? oh i forgot about that book, been planning to read it for a while now ðŸ’€ mmm my favourite heres my MC in LoA https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/802246925545766913/867629488396042270/Choices_2021-07-22-12-46-28.png i loved the female sprites crimes and mystery is one of my favourite combination which is kinda why Ride or Die is my 2nd fav book "kinda"
~~the cars are also why i loved that book~~ same, who did you romanced? Katie the muscle car yesyes :Bbay: yeah thats me ðŸ’€ i went for another color, i think it was yellow? yep this one sorry! thank you two :Bbay: whats that? i dont think ive heard of that acronym nope still dont recognise that kek yeah southeast asian oh yeah im there yesss mazie is the owner yeah she is an admin im not all that active there unless ive got books to talk about yeah and with the uh recent events i feel uncomfortable there well last night a miscommunication and poor choices of words led to a heated "talk" idk what to call it since Rei says its not a "fight" ive reached that point in life where i dont have the energy to keep up with internet drama ðŸ˜© ~~its one of the reason why im here actually~~ completely understandable doog looks like a certified good gorl ðŸ’¯ oh whoops sorry fixed goodnightio thank you!~ :Bbay: eugh my cousins are getting married in their early 20s here and i honestly dont know how they can do that ðŸ’€ im too much of a mess rn to even think about getting into a relationship :ConfusedCat: lmaoo same im happy being alone and single besides, if i wanted to get into a relationship in this country my mother will absolutely not approve of it ðŸ’€ eugh idk why but i dont like irl men but fictional men? i eat em like a 3 course meal ðŸ˜© i once got made fun of by some old dude for sweeping our dusty af class and told me how its "a woman's job" ðŸ™„ problems of living in a town stuck in the past >be my mom
>never let go outdoors as a kid
>i grew up to be awkward towards people
>suprisedpikachu.jpeg "why dont you have friends???"
"um- you never let me have any-" my school experience was cut short so i dont have that many school experience ðŸ˜” sheeesh hey everyone, what other types of games do you all play other than Choices? oop im playing Romance Club they occassionally do these events where premium choices are free ive played The Arcana but only read Asra and Muriel's routes really not a big fan of family gathering myself worst part when your mom drags you to the center ðŸ˜© tsk my mom wants to "maintain our image" so shes still ordering me around despite the fact im an almost legal adult pog, do you invest a lot of effort into it? ugh mood to make it worse my throat goes dry glad to hear you have an understanding and supporting mother tho! since im not used to talking to people i often unconsciously raise my voice and things go downhill from there uncertified pogchampâ„¢ï¸ ðŸ˜” see you! have fun with the assignment ðŸ’€ flashbacks to that shock feeling remembering you have an assignment to do does anyone here play Roleplaying games? what if it involves gacha? that was quick hey doesnt matter how long it took you kekw havent heard that name in ages
yeah it does! the the 2nd game was really popular in the mid 2010s havent tried the 3rd one tho yeah it is im pretty new to the rpg scene, mostly just stuck to arcade and simulator car games i see the appeal in em so, another great franchise that fell into corporate greed? :/ can relate *glares at Gameloft and their recent years Asphalt franchise updates* you wouldve thought that, once a sequel is released they would leave alone the previous one apparently the sequel wasnt too P2W enough so they took the previous game and "revamped" it into a bunch of purchases within microtransactions ðŸ’€ ikr?? 
they almost completely changed how A8 works ugh i too went and grinded for 3 days for the Lamborghini Veneno since it was one of the best credit farming car then took me weeks to Max Pro upgrade it to access the final Mastery race to grind credits GL basically took all the meta cars and made them cost tokens theyve also added driver characters into A8 which is going to be another way to squeeze money https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/816909431563485194/912839418358935603/RPReplay_Final1637700585.mov like wtf is this?? ðŸ˜­ ðŸ˜­ aww thats wholesome! idk who plays Romance Club here but theyve added a new book thats about Indian Mythology it just released like half an hour ago so im still customising my MC the MC is Indian so your MC sprites are different Indian tribes(?) im not sure what the word is its about Kali its marked as horror and mysteries so its my cup of tea theres a warning in the beginning saying it isnt historically correct so theres that what is even going on- OOF aeugh soap is already painful as it is cant imagine *poking* it https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/531858863641722895.png?v=1&size=40 opposite i think? i only know because i live in a southeastern country ðŸ’€ East is right and West is left idk if i wanna dye my hair 
it started turning gray when i was 12 and now my hair has a silver shade to it thanks, it wouldve been a lot more silver if my mom didnt forced me to dye it black few months ago decided to stand my ground and told her i want to let it be gray my hair wasnt this gray when i was 12 but due to real life circumstances it caused it to worsen im also in desperate need of a good shampoo since the head and shoulders my mom gives me is quite bad constant hairfall and makes my normally smooth hair to become rough oh and my brother who is 25 still has complete black hair ðŸ’€ do you all have someone that constantly change how they treat you? my aunt is confusing me, she treated me so nicely when i first met her and then slowly treated me like an outcast of the family to the point she completely stopped looking at me and now after half a year of not going outdoors and meeting her, she suddenly start talking to me? i need an advice since im not so good when it comes to people mmm but this isnt the first time she does this and its really making me feel confused and frustrated at first she was preaching to me about religion and that i should go to a religion school like my father but when i refused she pull a 180 yeah my name would give an idea what religion it is im okay with my religion but its also up to me to decide how i live my life she would try to get within earshot and start randomly talking about how my other relatives are joining religious school and praise them nowadays, i only nod at her to acknowledge her but i try to keep my distance from her yeah i dont wanna give off douche vibes but that doesnt mean ill bend over to her will thankfully i dont meet with people often
as lonely as that sounds, im used to it i only go out when i need to yeah ^ right bottom are you listening to a playlist? ah youre playing it from artist iirc you cant loop in playlist so just like the song and go to your library np eugh ðŸ¤¢ idk how i like my hair 
its getting more silver/gray quicker now that i turned 17 few months ago i occassionally get comments like "oh wow how old are you?" "lol you have an old dude hair" i said that the past 2 years and safe to say i jinxed myself https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/909554393433665556.png?v=1&size=40 eugh ive only had IVs once and had it in a rural clinic due to lockdown and im thankful it went flawlessly how does one stop procrastinating ugh i need to do chores but here i am making up headcanons ffs ive been putting off my chores for 2 hours just to lie on bed dozing off ðŸ¤¦ >get up to do chores
>find out chores are tiring
>drop down on bed again
>repeat ive washed my dishes 
find out i still have a lot more chores left
motivation gone idk why but i constantly feel tired and exhausted the fact that i havent went outside to do things for atleast a year doesnt help ðŸ˜© im quite used to being isolated but it wouldve been nice if theres something to look forward to, yknow? my procrastination worsened now that my everyday life is very very monotonous wake up
do chores
help around sometimes at the farm
sleep i have a farm 10-20 mins away thats pretty much the only times i go outdoors i dropped out of school before i finished elementary due to some circumstances so i havent went to a proper school for atleast 6 years started going to this non-formal school 2 years ago but lockdown basically killed it when i look back to my school days i sometimes laugh about it
picture this, a quiet, obedient and straight A student that never caused problems throughout 5 years of school teachers thought i would have a bright future and career but no, i ended up being forced to moving countries and i have to work on a farm oop- i just dumped my baggage sorry i tried going to this program to get back to school in 2019, was supposed to get my middle school certificate in 2020 but pandemic happened so im back to being an elementary again ðŸ¤· thanks, im just gonna try to get myself to do these damn chores that looks like one of those fuel station candies i find writing on books oddly relaxing you ever write stuffs and then find a pic of your old handwriting and realise your handwriting is shit now https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/905212961122046012.png?v=1&size=40 wax sealings? like those wax seals on letters? driving around in open world videogames is another thing that relaxes my mind nothing but the sound of your smooth sounding car, the ambient tarmac road and wind noises and your favourite soundtrack faintly playing at the background PFFFT ~~true~~ it feels so nice driving on Hawaii amazing how in GTA you can entertain yourself for hours by just carjacking and driving around aimlessly ah yes just causing shenanigans in the city finishing GTA3 and roaming around Portland is a death sentence those damn cartels are salty that Carl murdered their leader :LMFAOdead: that bitch was seriously unhinged >calls her ex whilst the heli is going down my vid auto pauses if i played something in the bg ahh well it depends what music thats playing
i know some vids that blast edm/rap in the bg that i stop watching it but a faint ambient music works for me np! heres a pic i took years ago when we went to Mecca @ð™ð™žð™§ð™šð™¬ð™¤ð™§ð™  that clock tower is built on this huge lux hotel ahh how i wish i can experience that all over again i havent met anyone online that actually liked Jeddah most of my friends tried talking me out of the idea of moving back there my parents worked in Jeddah for over 30 years they both went abroad to work during the peak of employment aeugh i do not like it here in the Philippine i honestly cant picture myself living the rest of my life here despite it being my "home" country ive been here for 5 years and instead of liking it, i just gradually seem to dislike it even more whats a cheesy compliment tho ah nothing like waking up in the morning with a bad stomach ache then taking a nap only to wake up again and have your body temp. rising fuckin
guess who dropped an egg
slipped on it
grabbed the counter to balance myself
end up grabbing the rest of the eggs
fell down
the rest of the eggs crashed on my face *>:(* sheeeeeesh i miss proper biryanis used to drop by biryani shops in jeddah the ones here are hardly biryani foreign cuisines in general are popular in Jeddah due to the population of overseas workers in there not sure about post-purge tho every weekend this nearby park would have Indonesians opening street food stalls not you too ahsajaksjjakalajq hurricane odette took out our country's network for the entire day :LMFAOdead: https://www.gmanetwork.com/news/money/companies/814972/globe-pldt-report-disruption-of-services-in-visayas-mindanao-due-to-odette/story/?amp#referrer=https://www.google.com&csi=1 oop its a typhoon yeap we are located on the outskirts of the path that odette is going through tfw mom is still trying to get me to dye my hair black "youre too young to have a gray hair!"
blame the genetics mom Typhoon Odette struck the central and some parts of southern Philippine its alright, we are fine.
only the 2 days non-stop rain affected us well that and the knocked out signal its really sunny today with completely no clouds at all
kinda reminds me of the weather back in the mideast anyone here knows how to stop your hair from falling and shedding? ðŸ˜© im getting concerned with the amount of hair thats falling on my pillow whenever i wake up hell even running a hand through my hair will leave me with 2 or 3 strands on my hand mf coconut oil? eugh i dont like the sound of that but ill try wait youre not supposed to wash your hair everyday?? ðŸ¤¨ well fuck 
my mom raised me that i should always wash my hair everyday when i shower eugh the weather here is hot and sunny this sounds dumb but i use a shampoo & conditioner, is that fine? alright thanks a lot everyone ill stop washing my hair everyday
altho my hair gets so stubborn and hard to manage if its dry, any tips? mhmm ill use coconut oil, do i use it daily? im using a Pantene "Silky Strong" shampoo idk if thats even good for me it says its a "Shampoo & Conditioner" *sheeesh* whys that? too aggressive? hm i have a straight hair thats normally smooth when it isnt so dry so youre telling me those shampoo + conditioner + body wash + toothpaste are a sham? ðŸ˜© wait-
i feel so called out ðŸ˜­ *uhhhhh-* i just realised

i have 3 different towels for my car yet i only use 1 for myself well now i wont send what i was originally typing >:( i love my hair but damn it gets so stubborn when dry thanks for the tips, Lu.
will wash my hair in Friday and see how it turns out nope its not long enough for me to get a haircut.
though my hair grows quite fast so ill probably have one next week? gutten morning as a kid i used to get headpats and told how soft and smooth my hair is
nowadays i get someone saying ive got an old person hair :mmNo: "haha half of your hair is silver" genetics, i tell you oh i remembered something, does garlic/onion have any effect on your hair?? i remember my brother who applied damn onions on his hair every night making the toilet and kitchen stink good luck with the project yikes 800 words congrats really wish my parents understood my introvert things instead of brushing it off as a "phase" they dont understand that socialising just overwhelms and makes me panic then they get mad if i mess something up from panicking honestly my parents are so traditional i dont think they will get around it
they also think depression is a "mental health issue" that needs to be sent to an asylum so i never really opened up to them i never really had a lot of socialising during my childhood, in school i kept to myself and earned the "quiet, obedient and straight-A" student image and during my childhood my parents were always at work during the day so i grew up isolated indoors by myself i dont know how to socialise frankly i *tried* socialising and making "friends" at this non-formal school only to end up being used and then forgotten about

sooo never again they simply forgotten my existence after schools closed down due to the pandemic and left me on read since 2019 funny how they seemed so nice when they wanted me to explain to them some things from class helped this one dude who just couldnt do some basic maths ~~not that im good at it in the first place~~ and then he pulled the bye felicia move and completely forgets about me i ditched my facebook account after schools closed i dont need a reminder that ive been left on read by all of them from 2 years ago yeah sadly
cant say a lot since i havent went to a formal school for 6 years whenever i encounter those classmates i dont bother looking in their direction anymore sure im cold as hell but why shouldnt i? my mom would scold me for doing that because its "rude" and "ignorant" but what does she want me to do?
i tried smiling to most of them but they just stare at me then look away making me look like some dumbass LMAO right i just slightly squint my eyes if i need to ðŸ’€ ahh if theres anything to be thankful of about the pandemic its face masks ðŸ˜Œ im sorry to hear that :( yeap ive seen plenty of em and pics from FB :/ some people fled to houses with 2 stories only for it to collapse on them oh fuck why https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/905212961122046012.png?v=1&size=40 id be old enough to get vaccinated lets hope his rocket build quality isnt the same as his cars so ever since i stopped washing my hair every morning it stopped being dry af but is it normal that its slightly oily? is that natural? oh phew, thank you! sheesh alright
but its a tad too oily since i can barely style it so ill wash it slightly tommorow yeap my hair is more straight which makes it hard to style/organize it will stay in place for a bit then just slack damn i dont have a hairdryer for that ive noticed if my face is too dry it starts getting oily, have you used moisturizers? EUGH lock him up in the toilet after he does his business and see how he likes his own smell ðŸ˜­ shit went downhill for me in 2020 its the 2016 Camry oh damb i remember seeing those everywhere but forgot the year last good Camry tbh, newer ones have massive grilles happy new year Drew! rip :( 2021 really said "i have one more thing before i go" yall how tf do i get rid of eye bags
i have proper sleep schedule fyi ðŸ˜© mom is against me using makeup because "its a feminine" thing https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/905212961122046012.png?v=1&size=40 Stay safe Kyo, wish you the best luck my dad's Ford Escort RS that he inherited from his father got burned down by his step sibling because they wanted it ðŸ˜” so they pulled a "if i cant have it, neither do you" fuckin hell so they already butchered with "Latinx" and now theyre going for the Filipinos? what the fuck pull the classic "may i borrow your phone to call someone?" ~~now pray their phone is loaded and is able to make calls~~ had to argue with someone that liking fictional characters doesnt necessarily ""invalidate"" your orientation apparently i cant be straight because i like fictional men ðŸ™„ when i told them "are you saying asexual people arent --truly asexual-- if they liked fictional characters?" they just straight up insulted ace people ðŸ¤¦â€â™‚ï¸ i knew better than to continue this endless shitty loop so i dropped it they just admitted being acephobic so im not gonna bother with them "whats the point of not doing the whole purpose of humankind?"
eye roll to the back of my fucking skull harhar life is all about spreading your genes!
continue the "legacy"! 
reproduce! our entire life's sole purpose is totally to have children instead of building a supporting community https://electrek.co/2021/09/02/tesla-delays-cybertruck-late-2022/ just release the damn ps1 trucc already damn oh shit wrong server note to self : check server name instead of the channel name only thing was planned to release like in 2020 ðŸ’€ probably saw the competitors like the Ford F150 Lightning and Rivian already out and it isnt some bs vaporwave my hands are sore from harvesting corns and im not even done yet ðŸ˜© peel that shit i found a furry caterpillar mm
does anyone find it squemish? him my mom on the other hand demanded me to get rid of it plucked the plant and relocated it somewhere far yeah they are a pest not as pesty as those damn monkes that were here few weeks ago those mf plucked the then still unripe corn and devoured it yeah they sometimes appear at my farm in a group they usually hop between the coconut trees oh speaking of the devil my dad just spotted a pair EUGH theyre mating ðŸ˜­ they can be quite aggressive someone who passed by my farm got chased by one not my dad tryna scare them away by yelling nonsense and the monkes just giving him a blank stare ðŸ¤¦â€â™‚ï¸ we usually have our airgun that we use to make noises but we didnt take it with us today the one time we dont take it with us they appear eugh only monkes can bang and then groom each other right after awww a cute praying mantis amen ðŸ™ its so cuuute its just there doing the stickbug move i wanna hold it on my palm but im also kinda scared i know theyre docile for an aggressive hunter look at those spikey arms ooh we like to fry them and the classic butter corn cob kek ugh there was no cloud today at all which is both good and bad good : no rain means corn wont be moisturised
bad : ITS HOT i think today has been a lot hotter than usual reached my home and the walls are so hot when its almost always cold during the evening uh so im at the farm and this dude has a gun and he decided to let his child that i think is around 7 to 8 years old to *hold* it "hey jun can you hold my gun and phone for a bit"
"yes dad"
me : :jebus: it looks like a glock? idk anything about guns yeah it looks like a normal sized glock tiny spoidah innit its when cars have horses in them smh how much power do base spec Tesla 3s have again technically speaking the Model S is hella outdated compared to the newer Teslas mmm Lexus ES's are beautiful depending how much miles you drive too the Plaid still uses 18650 battery cells whereasa the Model 3 is  on current gen 2170s and following model 3/Ys will shift to 4680 i get motion sickness if i dont get into a car for a while sometimes i check my phone as a passenger but it doesnt give me motion sickness if im used to it one of my preferred way to get rid of motion sickness is to look forward past the windshield or just drink a herbal medicine :LMFAOdead: cant open the windows or smth? wait yall dont?? bruhh we dont open our windows all the way down on the freeway, just quarter the only time i got a super bad motion sickness was when we had a roadtrip past a very twisty road between mountains i commit nausea if the roads are so twisty and elevated didnt help we were all cramped in a box HiAce the lady riding shotgun filled her vomit bucket twice ðŸ˜­ the g-forces from the driver going through the turns kills me mf steers the car like its a minecart on rails the scenery was sooo worth it https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/702393646711963719.png?v=1&size=40 what do you drive? ah yes the Vibe car the Civic? that aint a muscle car ðŸ˜­ ahh Civics are epic cars i agree ...aftermarket rims? gn Kyoo wait stick as in the manual or auto? LMAO i never drove an auto :hawyee: lost? it got stolen? ouch i plan to stick with pre-2010s cars modern cars just dont appeal to me with very few exceptions base spec? small cars can be fun especially stick ones base spec means the normal model trim instead of the higher trims, yknow? cars can come in cheap trims to fully loaded ones https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/iZhO4skaYxfGR7r9YcDNoW-J9iRbz1hameKnOc0yfiE/https/i.ytimg.com/vi/ia5FBJ9Sf9g/maxresdefault.jpg the Vitz RS Turbo was the spiciest model aww cute blobs https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/JLL4tOPnYicuu01yk1H6TorehQpc835o6VEiExtfp1A/http/3.bp.blogspot.com/--FbHcrB-UBI/UX5PCTI5-yI/AAAAAAAABEE/jvxue5Ivgu0/s1600/Toyota-Vitz-interior.jpg these? god i love salty, sour and spicy foods but i reaaaaally need to tone down on the salt hm so not constantly washing my hair did stopped my hair from being dry and constantly falling buuut
ive got dandruff now
what do i do? ðŸ¤¢ dry... shampoos? i dont know what are those ðŸ’€ ooo happy birthday!! https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/932615187096305694.png?v=1&size=40 uh but i did submitted an answer :c kinda scared id spam if i resent oh sure! ive got ""nitro"" https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/905850834607288360.png?v=1&size=40 oof i have a very bad fever since last night legit felt like i was being toasted my body temperature went down to normal after it fucking toasted me overnight but my mouth tastes so bad ugh ðŸ¤¢ eating some spicy corn snack and sprite kinda toned down that awful taste does this guy look like Ian Kingsley to any of yall? sheeesh mother nature is a tad bit angry tonight mf took off my half of my neighbour's roof who woulda guessed, its a thunderstorm yikes, thanks
it passed by quickly but its too dark to determine any damages rn how does one get rid of lightheaded feeling eugh 3 days ago i had a really bad fever to the point i just tossed and turned on my bed overnight like i was both freezing and boiled its no longer yours its your dog's socks was gonna recommend Whispers but i just checked and the mods also stopped being supported eh FictIf is nice and all but the release schedule is ass they dont have any sort of schedule, they just release whatever new chapter every Friday or so reminds me of another person who got a DM right from Discord for their behaviour they """trolled""" too hard and told someone to open OnlyFans so then they got warned for "posting nsfw" tho idk how it matches up https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/926707880357421100/936387530725658634/IMG_0523.png this tsk a nephew saw my phones lockscreen and hes giving me judgemental stares like ok its a catman, what does it concern you im going for le #2 love people with sharp clothes tho not literally i cant believe i romanced this man and forgot who i was looking at theyre giving me Google+ poll vibes thanks translator Hello and welcome!! thats a big tie be my parents
force me to go with them to a relatives house
they forget about my existence
they leave to somewhere
im left alone in here
dont be like my parents literally none of them glanced at my direction and idk how to feel about it :/ i also have no idea where they went, they just told me to wait and i dont see them at all ugh ....and all of my relatives here just pretend im not here and freely talk about me thinking i dont understand their language ðŸ˜­ this is so embarassinnggggg a pinoy dialect called "mindanao" "who is he?"
"idk"
"oh wait isnt he (dads name)'s son?"
"right, the one who never comes out of his room"
"both of their child are like that though"
"lmao right"


*UGHHHHH* pretending not understanding what theyre saying pays off tbh, saves me from talking with people it pains me but also not surprising how none of my relatives greeted me they just glance at me and continue whatever they were doing Shariff Aguak aka the massacre town yep i hate it here https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/905212961122046012.png?v=1&size=40 woah earthquake hrmm id say that lasted like 30 seconds long not bad congrats!! uh !remindme wait no ?help remindme yeee ?remindme 3 hours daily login oop mood innit does the bot even take dates ?remindme 13th February 2022 test yeahhh oooh neon green taste? mmm idk why but if i have a partner id do something like this my entire classmates forgot my existence and had a reunion without me due to how introverted i am
relatable talking with people is not okie dokie for me :hawyee: socialising is tough when 
- youre introverted
- dont know how to initiate a convo and continue it
- get tired quickly from talking
- language barrier whens the weeksary sigh gonna have to socialise again tommorow to gain some infos, hope my brain doesnt turn into a microwave while talking "ive never seen you here before?"
"uhm umm *microwave noises*" hmm 3 is bubbly, im sold hoowee Quinn i never played ES https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/585603274980458516.png?v=1&size=40 ~~the blondie bestie from BP~~ omg i got Troy! i just know i wont get enough of his jokes ðŸ˜©
thanks so much Viv!! queen ðŸ‘‘ i got Reagan :this_is_fine: LUMPIYA this is painfully accurate about Mindanao im pinoy but i barely know tagalog ðŸ˜­ worse maguindanaon a dialect called "maguindanaon" which sounds like a drunk dude talking one phrase i remember is "stay over here" which is "sank a roomba" thats the entire reason i have that phrase in my mind it just sounds so funny i do find taglish quite funny oh viv what does "sana all" mean ahh, thanks we're gonna reach that point where all phrases are song titles iirc "fuck me emo boy" is also a song title ðŸ’€ hold tf up "You and I discovered the sky at 5:53" oddly specific ohh i didnt know that only kpop group im interested in is no longer together ðŸ˜” 4MINUTE really loved their Korean and Japanese single cube did em dirty they quite obviously favoured Hyunda due to her stage presence WHY DO I KEEP TYPING HYUNA AS HYUNDAI REEEE LMAO yeah bummed that Gayoon left the music industry after they disbanded ðŸ˜” she was my bias iirc 2 of the 5 former 4MINUTE members remained in the music industry Hyuna and Jiyoon? i think the others left to become actresses funny how i discovered 4Minute through Stan Twitter its because of the way Hyundai pronounces "4 minutes left" ayo- what a sophisticated variety of foods the important question is
are you slaying it uh who to ping lmao look at the link name mf disceord imma put this here god damn it its in all channels lu do be offline aeugh i just watched a youtube shorts of someone getting their eyes laser surgery
the thought of having your eye held by a suction cup makes me cringe so badly it doesnt hurt when they uh *remove* the flap of your cornea to do the laser thing and then cover it again? aeuhhgghh my eyesight is fine but yeah i got recommended a vid by "lab shorts" of him getting lasik surgery oh i get that when i wake up from a deep slumber that was supposed to be a 20 mins nap men. ive got some online friends in Ukraine :/ give him the ok tretment yay! freedom!! how was it thats a good thing? do it and assert dominance great pfp https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/927142398482591774.png?v=1&size=40 spill the T. 
if you want they literally ||raped their mom|| who has dementia thing is, i would say no? but then take into account of his upbringing oof ever since *that* incident ive been carefully picking my words those awful dating sim apps? based heyy good morning whats up oof mood
its my first day in school after years so thankies, i was highkey panicking as i wasnt used to this amount of social interaction i was shaking so i excused myself out ðŸ˜” thank you, i just need to return there every Monday for attendance and the modules so its possible for me to keep away from socialising yeah im glad i dont have to go around people that much, it really overwhelms me especially since im an outsider ookay i think im burned out from that
came back home not wanting to see anyone and slept for a good few hours, wake up for lunch while also being very tired and go back to room wrapping myself in a cocoon of blanket nope thanks! you just go there every Monday for attendance and the module hey ive got a question, do teachers/advisers have a right to demand a student for pictures of their family? whatever this is note that ive never met her in person yet im pretty bummed now that i have this bitch of a teacher as my class adviser not her being a shitty person here and implying that i purposely delayed my enrollment and that i dont have the ability to handle the workload the thing is, i dont even know her and i am not a fan of the idea of showing pictures of my family to someone i didnt even meet in person?? and she also started being passive aggressive after she said this also, where do i find the school handbook? no i havent ever seen a school handbook at all when i went to the administrators ...my school doesnt even have a website ðŸ’€ "follow whatever your teacher says" mentality ig also, wouldnt someone with an adviser role frequently appear in school? all the time ive went to the school in the past 6 weeks ive never even saw her at all i should probably inquire about that this Monday i also feel like no one informed her at all about my arrival which i find quite unprofessional she asked questions ive already told the administrators and officials and i brushed it off as her verifying thing until she begun doubting my explanation exactly. 
have concerns about me? bring it up to the administrators, not me? thanks Drew, almost everyone i spoke to about this told me it just seems sus and it seems like its being done out of the systems. tfw she never met my parents nor did she inquired about them she stopped responding to me and she only told me "meet me privately in the classroom" yeah im not sure about the "private" part but im sure as hell bringing my parents and someone from the administrators imma be honest, i had no intentions of texting her in the first place but the people at the administrators urged me to text her. i assumed it was just to agree when to meet, not getting myself interrogated mangoes are lovely both as a drink and fruit proof as in? the texts? Gee Gotta love living in the south Philippines I've had no proper electricity for 4 days and only a few hours do they come back I won't have lights until 3 hours for only 4 hours She's literally questioning my religion because I speak English It's one thing to introduce yourself and another to demand family pictures not my mom pressuring me into going in this school https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/649724752205840385.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless she couldve tried being supportive but no, shes just stressing me and condescending me to make me go so my meeting with the adviser went well-ish?
she gave me the modules and we just agreed to meet next Monday but im kinda overwhelmed by the amount of modules i need to complete as i missed on 2 terms and i also dont know where to start that explains the memes ive been seeing >be me
>only complete 5th grade elementary
>get back to school and skip right into 8th grade
>dive headfirst into kinetic energy questions ðŸ¤¡ the fact he was laughing too before walking up to slap him ðŸ˜¬ is it just me or was Will tryna not laugh after he slapped Chris yall why do i need to study about nail care equipment? one of the modules ive been given is literally about nail care and how to use the equipments "Encourage the learner to make a list of all the tools, equipment or materials at home that are being used for nail care activities. You may ask the help of your mother who is often doing nail care activities"

bruv my mom doesnt do manicures ðŸ˜­ nothing like doing Khan Academy courses at 2:30am because thats when the electricity turns on ðŸ¤¡ its such a shitty timing that we only get 4hrs of electricity every 12hrs right after i need it the most theres so many things i need to look up and my flimsy phone cant stay alive that long scrolling through websites not to mention i need to do Khan Academy courses to ready myself for 8th grade stuffs considering i skipped over 6th and 7th ðŸ˜­ yeah, 4 hours of lights every 12 hours its also constantly dying for the first 3hrs so any work youre doing would get disrupted unfortunately no, only Magelco provides electricity in our area and majority of the south philippines UGH oh nope, our neighour runs a restaurant and politely placed their generator right next door ðŸ¤¡ so we dont get electricity but get an earful of that machine running next to our house and i dont think ups are a thing here >English Activity tells me to research a topic about *anything* so long as its 2-pages atleast my mind : **C A R S** i still havent started yet, tryna plan out what type of *cars* to research and present https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/805601933317374005.gif?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless ~~i can also maybe do a Sage research-~~ :LMFAOdead: yknow i think ill do a Countach research it has an extensive history since it was a late 70s up to early 90s supercar im a sucker for the 80s and the Countach do be kinda peak 80s poster car if it wasnt for the Back To The Future movie that thing wouldve been forgotten wait its your bday? oh shit 
Happy Birthday!! :( i dont do bdays so its normal for people to not know about it kek
anyways, may you have a long and blessed life https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/890637596517105714/905125199274451004/lamborghini_countach_lp5000_s_1.jpeg look at himbs being rad and 80s or maybe i could do the holy trinity of LaFerrari, 918 and ....what was the other car? ðŸ’€ ah right the P1 before i do any of that i should text my adviser as the modules ive been given doesnt cover the 1st term exam questions gotta love how all these modules start off with "using with what youve learned from last year..." when i didnt even went through that year, ugh yknow what it is PHROG double cheeked up in a thursday morning aeugh tsk no one i know personally does april fools pranks :( ayo whats the server banner yes pls sad mobile noises the pickle kith what is? ðŸ‘€ is it yall seen the drip monke now its the sass monke >it comes with the box heavily dented both Shopee and Lazada ads are stuck in my mind *insert sassy voice*
NASA LAZADA YAN ugh not the dance jingles viv the loyalest customer bruv god dayum to all the pinoys here https://youtu.be/u5j-FuOLH9c imagine if this happened ðŸ’€ whoops sorry Kyo, didnt mean to send a friend request lmfaoo probs some insult lost in translation M!Asian for me https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/878952938167496774.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless im not sure, just know its somewhere near or between Lythikos and Cordonia unless im misremembering, no its another country Lythikos is where Olivia Nevrakis rules and its placed at a snowy area then again its been years since i last read TRR so you might wanna wait for someone else damn PB geography question, do yall think Indonesian and Filipinos look different?
I'm 50/50 Indonesian and Filipino but whenever i meet people they always point out "you look very Indonesian" but i cant tell the difference ðŸ’€ i tried asking my mom whos pure Indonesian but she thinks i look like a pinoy so im just confused when i was in the mideast, people would assume im pinoy but now im in the philippines they always say "wow you look very indonesian" once they know im 50/50 which just confuses me more mm i dont have double lidded eyes neither do my parents and brother now that i think of it genes are weird happy friday the 13th! we kinda b late for the 13th tho ðŸ’€ it do ðŸ’” no DILF and MILF LIs https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/927013099209359470.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless bitches teased these characters and made the MC a high schooler YES ðŸ˜­ PB keeps designing new characters and make them not LIs maybe maybe we are detectives investigating a "murder at homecoming" but then its just wishful thinking gg for F!Black slayin it pros and cons of being an adult
pros :
- funny adult stuffs
cons : 
- you are an adult. happy birthday!! im gonna be 18 in a few months and i hate it i have so many things i wanted to do before being an adult but
2020 said hi ooo thats very generous of you its the small things that are great oh cool just noticed the new server banner Twilight gang lets go https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/938879942731653170/974372920493244416/unknown.jpeg Immortal Desire cover! i remember i accidentally made an MC in a game that looked like her her i posted that pic and someone asked if i based it off her when i never saw her ðŸ’€ hmm? whats wrong with it? 
i still see it rip M!Asian, you had a good run ðŸ˜”âœŠ Congrats Rae!! oh? lmao the nurse beating the shit out of their back uh oh stinky adorable i have some musky scent
partly because my mom burns incense in the home what uhh TPS!! Untameable is so boring that you might as well read the shampoo ingredients F yes ugh that awful moment when you have a really good comeback but your rational side is telling you theyre not worth replying to cant believe i got warned twice for my pfp in another server
how can you look at my pfp and decide its inappropriate while letting others use questionable anime pfps with flushed expressions i-
huh?? ðŸ˜­ apparently youre not allowed to ask why or how its inappropriate ive only ever came across 1 good official game discord server majority of these official servers are so godawful funny thing is
the mod didnt even try to message me about it i was asking a question about tanks in the help section while there were like 5 people fighting (like 80% of the time in that server) then all of a sudden i get a warning so i blurted out in the chat
"whats even inappropriate about my pfp?"
then the message got deleted and i got the 2nd warn i was gonna raise it to the admins but i just decided it wasnt worth it
almost all the time theres people fighting "harhar tank has big inches on armor you have skill issue" couldve been easily prevented if this mod didnt decide to warn me without inquiring it to me beforehand
i wouldve changed it if they didnt decide to bomb me with double warnings ðŸ—¿ like honey heres the full image of my pfp very nsfw TW : le fishe huh? whats that yeah which means this is also nsfw @azula help me, what does "you can uwi-uwi or upo-upo" mean ðŸ˜­ classmates tried to talk to me in english but they completely have no idea i understand the local dialect ðŸ’€ plan to keep up this con until the last day of school where we are bidding farewell
"yes hi hello hey it was a nice time but im gonna have to go now" "i understood everything you said under your breathe" perks of being bilingual, i hope i dont blunder this though since ive encountered some people who know i speak the local language last monday i came across an old classmate of mine from another school who i spoke to in the local language it was our first encounter and he asked "wait. ahmed?" and we greeted each other then over his shoulder i saw my teacher walking towards me ðŸ˜­ before he could say anything i cut him off and greeted myself to my teacher good morning in english thank god he was silent the entire time while i was with the teacher and when she went away we talked again like i didnt just cut him off in english ðŸ˜­ yes, i only speak in english to the teachers and new people there might be some relatives of mine and old classmates who i speak to in the local dialect i think the funny part is when these people try to say something dirty in english trying to fish some sort of reaction from me the local dialect and yes youre overdue for a dentist appointment my guy damn my genes mustve been flipped then because ive had gray hair since i was fuckin 12 lmao when that happens i just wake up with a clogged nose that will be runny af after a while viv going full pinay rn mag tsismosa tayo sis mag tempra light lang sighhh Viv it's not fun being in Mindanao The company that provide us power has shat the bed and have a huge debt to the PSALM people so we have a power curtailment schedule We only get 8 hours of power a day eugh Wack Most professional Maguindanaon worker Context : Magelco is our power provider down here, someone memed them and said "disco" as a reference to lights flickering and then they replied with "pay pay pay pay" ugh having parents who are ignorant of their own child's problems is one of the worst things ever both of my parents refuse to acknowledge i have a hard time speaking with people, especially when im still learning how to *speak* the local dialect yes i *understand* it but speaking it is another thing they just brush it off as being "shy" and that i should get over it
not my fault i was isolated from the outside world since i was a kid truly sophisticated folks F really thought you said Filipino neighbours ðŸ˜­ sighhhh if my power provider doesnt sort their shit out by next week then i can say goodbye to electricity i have a hard time differentiating kids ages nowadays you could see a teen and assume theyre somewhere 16-17 and they turn out to be 13 hell i know this one kid whos taller than me by a good margin and hes fuckin *12* envy gimme tips kyo same wait Philippines Independence Day was yesterday??? god damn i didnt even know while im living in here ðŸ˜­ come down to the Bangsamoro land down under my mom went with me to school few weeks ago to enroll and some students heckled at me and teased me for bringing my "date" ðŸ¤¡ compliment him ðŸ˜³ i use Thunder VPN, its small enough and does the job but idk if its good why are we Pinoys like this hardly anybody talks there anyways wut you go girl ooooo are you getting the âœ¨ vibes âœ¨ well good luck! damn hes that down bad https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/878949236039897099.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless oh what was it unsolicited? oop ðŸ’€ so far whats your rating on a scale of 1 to 10 bruuuh ðŸ˜­ yeah i meant him as a whole ookay nah bestie hes not it i only remember taro because i pull deez nuts joke with it well i pull a deez nuts joke in Indonesian when they speak indonesian ðŸ’€ "taro kanjut ini di mulut kamu" whaaat i do those with a lot of my indonesian friend and i always end up getting called "anjing" or dog but doesnt kanjut mean balls nvm turns out its sundanese ðŸ’€ oh shit me too me theyre all a tragedeigh of a name damn *Mykill* going for Mykill "hey he stole Mykill!" my dumbass blundered a reading session because i was so anxious and lowkey panicking that i read a tad bit too fast for the teacher ðŸ˜­ worst part? ive been mentally training myself and my reading was good but all of that disappeared once i was called to the front i feel like a clown ðŸ¤¡ oh my god someone fucking recorded that
im so mortified ðŸ˜­ i think one of the reasons i read fast is because back in the mideast my old teachers always made me read and memorise quickly to the point its a habit i cant stop at all :LMFAOdead: my jaw makes a clicking noise can he hammer it back into place or smth wh- not as painful as when your jaw suddenly clicks if i dont move my jaw for a long while, my right part of my jaw can get stuck ðŸ’€ LMAO i will how'd you two met? oh oh man you broke all those 3? ahh wait i thought her tiddies were baloons??? happy birthday to himbs some dude saw me move my hair back from the front of my face
"stop doing that, you look like a girl"
so, while i was sitting down, put my head on my palm giving him my deadest expression, tucked my hair behind my ear and then played with my hair and told him "are you feeling something from me doing this? ðŸ¤¨" homeboy gave me a weird look before dipping gonna headcanon that i gave the man a gay awakening B love me ice cream sammich Viv happy birthday!!! yesss i got into Storyloom!! TIL the Indonesian song i used to sing around my parents as a kid turned out to be a song about one night stand ðŸ’€ Cinta Satu Malam which literally translates to One Night Love yep my mom watches those rituals of "scaring" the demon out of someone they even have a show for it on TV, i forgot the name though @Rayvenrock u gud? i can *kinda* understand Steam and other gaming sites gasp!
haram games! but PayPal??? tf did money do you do know Indonesians lose their shit over cartoon children in bikinis in cartoons let alone a platform that has 18+ games ðŸ’€ ask your Menteri lmfao
homeboy banned a lot of shit "we ban nsfw because haram!"
also politicians : *watches porn during parliament meeting* ah Indonesia cleavage bad yes they aired those cartoons blurred funniest shit is that they let sinetrons (soap operas) get away with twisted shit the fighting scene? well it cuts off when they charge each other and then continues off where the bad guys fall down have you seen Ikatan Cinta? huh surprising since that show is all over the place its one of the most popular shows rn and one of thr plotline is that, the MC's husband has the antagonist framing him of "making love" to her and then paying her to "clean herself out at a hospital" i think thats on YT too yep it is according to articles you can use vpn holy fuck indo blocking the biggest email provider for "cyber security" my ass as theyre not registered in Kominfo which is the Ministry of Communication there whats yalls mood rn
mines just laying on bed playing tragic piano notes while making up tragic scenarios somehow its comforting reportedly yes but indonesian internet speed + vpn dont really mix well >check the class gc
>this dude took stolen shots of everyone including me
>i didnt even look that good in the shot
>mood ruined sana all why we grilling Viv @Rayvenrock 
https://twitter.com/ndagels/status/1553755653704785922?s=20&t=VEX5NIXKWrAX3DNPEfAyBg what a funny lad that runs your country's internet is asked why did he block gaming sites that hasnt registered but lets gambling sites pass has a stroke and stutters and blurts out "gaming and gambling is different! gaming doesnt need money and isnt essential!"
>also blocks paypal i speak indonesian but i literally cant understand what hes trying to get at?? is he like trying to say game bad because no money? wont that paint him as a corrupt?? that doesnr make it better ðŸ˜­ admitting that gambling sites gives you money on national tv is gonna make you the biggest hypocrite ever other part i caught was 
"its a GAME, GAME and not GAMBLING. we have to seperate them"
but why LMAO god and to think how conservative Indonesia is wont this literally pummel his reputation? so he admits hes only in it for the money on live naitional tv i also love how the reporter caught him so off-guarded "ok sir so while we are here online chatting, i would like to ask you a question everybody is asking" *he* went to your house? ðŸ‘€ damn Viv already gonna introduce the fam to Ethan? i need some help from tagalog speakers, what does this mean yeah i tried that but it still doesnt make sense to me kek ah damn it thanks! having exams for the next 2 days and not me panic studying rn this is a non-accredited school hence why im having school/exams on a weekend the other school im enrolled in, well 
my advisor is ghosting me school closed and i have not been able to contact her at all cant find anyone at the school so im just contacting whoever works there is 'bt' supposed to be "why"? what does kasi mean then i just know how to use it but dont know what it means ðŸ’€ WHY ARE YOU NOT REPLYING TO ME this is the same advisor who asked me for my religion because i spoke english and not any of the local dialect and language i like my contacts to look proper and neat alright ðŸ˜© damn whats wrong with Ma'am ðŸ’€ bruh her students call her Ma'am ðŸ˜­ ion know what im supposed to call her Madam is usually for people with some sort of influence/power here well ive been calling her Ma'am and she never brought anything up OMG I AM NOW A GRADE 9TH STUDENT!! dear god its 1am and my classmate is suddenly asking for help for tommorow morning exams :jebus: thank you both :forgheart: ended up sleeping at like 2am as i had to translate buncha shit from arabic to english for her ðŸ¥´ on the plus side i also studied alongside with her LMAO Thank you Viv!! god help me this kid in his 14 or 15 wont stop making obnoxious sound effects with his mouth while playing Mobile Legends im fine with kids because theyre kids but this is a teen in his adolescense making car noises so loudly no i swear it was this irritating "nnnNNNNnnnn AAAAA BROOOO HAHAHA NNNNNNNYAAA" i love taking exams out in the sun! thankfully i dont sunburn but rather tan heavily shes emitting too much UV yall what to do when this girl is constantly stealing glances at me worst part, idk if shes doing it because she likes me or i have something on me and who has that rank here she keeps looking at me its uncomfortable when i catch her doing it she quickly looks away she doesnt have any expression on her face, just looks at me ive had people interested in me in the past but usually they dont just glance at me the entire time well maybe having my FB acc bombarded by their messages walking into the woods alone be "fun" so windy i almost got hit on the head by a falling coconut try to associate it with a funny or particular memory or try to understand it in another language @azula the heck is a "adviser will be orienting" so i enrolled into the school
went to the classroom to get my enrollment form
immediately told to sweep the classroom's outdoor yard before i can fill the enrollment form took me a while to understand what she was saying
"good morning ma'am im enrolling in 9th grade, is this the room?"
"mag brigada ka muna."
"....what?"
"brigada. clean the yard."
"oh..." i mean she has mf 7 kids at the age of early 40s ðŸ’€ she made it sound like it was going to be so complicated it turned out to be
>go to the administrator office
>take your report card
>go to the classroom youre enrolling in
>sweep the leaves and trash from the yard and burn them
>fill the enrollment form
>done yeah, they give you brooms to clean the yard from trash and fallen leaves from trees idk, i kinda hate it since i grew up in a school with janitors i dont mind dusting and sweeping the classroom but the yard and trash? i think all classes require students not to leave trash inside the classroom but to sweep literally leaves, trash and burn them at spots in the yard?? not to mention some students are ordered to carry gallons of water from the water pump for god knows what wish i could but i dont have a place to stay at there me and my brother who lives there arent exactly on good terms thinking about it, the 3 security guards at this school seem to have nothing to do other than just sit around at the gate without actually paying attention to the gate everytime i went past they would either be talking with some of the school staffs or just be on their phone one time my teacher left her classroom keys at home and she remembered she left the spare with the security guard
turns out he either lost it or forgot it at home ðŸ¤¦ we then asked for the faculty room because we needed a room to do our presentation, he also forgot the keys to the faculty room yeah thats the plan, i wanna move to Indonesia but its not feasible atm omg ðŸ¥º you say that then a couple here got shot today morning by hitmen while driving their truck going to the market to sell bananas worst thing is, i always saw them everyday at the market oh dw i know that, my brother flaunts how his life there is amazing ahh i heard about that movie, the plot interests me spill the tea Tobias? Tobias out here performing the most generic teleserye script ever >protecting
>"ha you fat"
what is he tryna achieve here he belongs to the trash what the fuck guy's messier than a college dorm ayo- i seriously dont understand this town theres a law that closes the *national* highway during the prayer times in the day they pull over any tricycles thats commuting on the highway and not let them go through the town -which is located *on* the highway- i had the displeasure of sitting on the side of the highway in the scorching sun because of this law now im wondering, are towns even allowed to close national highways? im just trying to look at this from a religion perspective
this rule only applies to tricycles. other vehicle types are allowed to go the market to do business and stuffs even during prayer times.

so now if you look at it from a religious perspecticve, what does this achieve? and ironically due to this law some people who were gonna pray missed the prayer since they cant reach the town's mosque ðŸ¤· and ive never heard of a rule in the islam sharia law that prohibits going around during prayer times, only that they prohibit shops from doing businesses during prayer times majority of tricycles that pulled over with me all had their stock exhausts so no, they werent loud, the scooters they let past? some of them had aftermarket exhausts that were louder. so it cant be that honestly that makes sense ðŸ’€ some person on a tricycle pissed him off so he went to cause some petty inconvenience :LMFAOdead: today was a productive day at this other school im in only had 1 class, the rest of the morning hours were spent with us cleaning up the walls from the old glued paper residue it made me realise 2 things
1. i may have an angry/upset resting face since while i was on top of the chair on top of the table scrubbing glue residue, these 2 girls kept asking me if im angry or upset 2. these same 2 girls *might* have a thing for me my heavy sleeper ass somehow napped through 2 earthquakes that were almost 6 in magnitude ðŸ—¿ find a seat
sit
take a deep breathe
UNLEASH DEMONIC SCREECH WHILE HOLDING THE TOE youre going through the stages of grief try holding the uninjured toe and just focus on it it helps my brain think the pain went away jfc how hard did you slam the door on your toe :this_is_fine: bruhhhh nooooo thats awful hey atleast you did it confidently ðŸ’€ whatever fall means not me driving on the national highway then seeing a bunch of people pulled over
was wondering why so i pulled over, was gonna ask the person infront of me when i heard a huge explosion nearby needless to say that the military checkpoint on the highway up ahead were under attack so i pulled a u-turn and noped out of there hey Pinoys, how do first day of school in Philippines work? i just realised the teacher i enrolled to didnt tell me what class section i belong to so i was wondering how does this all work? i wouldve been done with school had i not uprooted my whole life half a decade ago ðŸ¤¡ i missed majority of middle school and now im starting 9th grade from 5th grade ðŸ˜¦ i dont think im going to like my classmates here
few weeks ago i told this server how i was forced to do yard work alone outside the class before i could enroll. when i finished doing everything these group of students who i think are gonna be classmates appeared out of nowhere and enrolled as i was just finishing my work i even passed these group of students while i was on my way to the classroom. whos gonna bet they just waited for someone else to do the yard work sigh im off to school holy shit i got my class schedule
each class is 1hr long and the total hours ill be spending at school is 10hrs from 7am to 5pm recess/break time is only from 9:40am to 9:50am honestly im having second thoughts of pursuing my education here @azula how long were your school hours when you went to school? the new advisor was also a bitch towards me
"wala kong pakialam kung hindi ka marunung mag tagalog, kung hindi ka mag-adjust then fail yung school year mo, did you understand that? :)" i said no and she went "good" im so fucking pissed
i spent 10hrs at this school and there were no classes the entire morning was spent with the adviser who spoke awkwardly
think of someone who speaks in short bursts (so i am your adviser awkward silence mhm and i will be your teacher *awkward silence*) while also making awkward eye contact for uncomfortably long i need that not some random bitch trying to intimidate me i dont understand why my previous adviser understood my language barrier and didnt give me Aralan Panlipunan, Filipino etc. subjects but this one is threatening my school year i forgot to say, we didnt have classes at all today except in English where we did a single activity
students were called to the front to read letters, make what noise the letters sound and read words in under 2 mins
if you get less than 64 words youre automatically signed up for an english remedial i wish they had remedial tagalog @azula whats the point of class's adones and muse? an ad that just doesnt immediately take you to the store when you tap on it? blasphemy! as in? @azula what TLE component did you go for at school? i was thinking maybe ICT im really not prepared for all this did you not get a choice for TLE components? the ones im given are ICT, AFA and HE i forgot what ICT is for but AFA is Agriculture, Fishing and Arts(?) and HE is Home Economics Computer Technology something for ICT ahh thats why well im contemplating whether i wanna be a computer geek or get a mechanical engineering to do car shit and get jobs easily need translation help in the 2nd message pls what is kaya gani? gotcha! Day 1 of tryna speak Tagalog :
i sound so fruity whenever i try to speak Tagalog ðŸ˜­ wh what sign yall this person thought i dont understand Tagalog and flat out told me an insult thinking i didnt understood them "ano ka? utak niyo parang air head" because i didnt respond to them find your irl Yvette what type of spider children that dont know privacy aint it yall pinoys i need help i cant understand shortened tagalog texts this teacher types like this ðŸ¥´ thing is
none of my classmates know how to explain it in english okay i can see Ng means nang 9 eagle set A which is our class but idfk whats "Wr ag lht" istg i cant believe im tryna decipher a *teacher's* text at almost midnight ag lht ng 9 eagle set a probably mean "all of those 9 eagle set a" wr shall forever remain a mystery 21 p lng Kyo cnu ag wla pa?? yoo kyo is in my class? /s if i had to guess its "21 pa lang kayo, sino ang wala pa" which means "all of your total is 21, who else isnt here yet?" i love it when teachers cant bother typing properly! so its up to the students to decipher their messages friendly reminder this was literally the school's vice principal ðŸ˜­ so uh help how do i tell someone i do not want to accept someone's friend request that i have been ignoring for 3 whole years? eh decided to be blunt and rejected their advances need translation help whats nagpapalahi? *oh* okay no need nvm AAAAAAA hey, im more active in this and SPL than the *other* one ugh its just 2 weeks in this school https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/899282812337795142.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless also, what makes this really iffy is that im turning 18 soon and these classmate of mine are barely 13-15 late high school moment holy fuck how many group chats can these grade 9s students make thank god i used an alt *6 groupchats* at this point have a nice flight @azula do you have a choice to agree or disagree when someone nominates you at school for a class's position? WHAT but i dont want it https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/927013099209359470.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless Viv, whats the point of popularity contest? honestly felt i cant stop thinking of this one time some dude gave me a backhanded compliment
"you look cute, too bad youre a guy" i wanted to make a sarcastic remark along the lines of "well do you wanna try?" but i was so confused by his statement ðŸ’€ these girlies in my class gc arent even trying to be subtle anymore
homegirl renamed the class gc to "grade 9 eagle (our section), i love one of you" this is getting very uncomfortable oo id love to try viet cuisine creep im apparently popular at school and some people have no shame in being open about liking me and then cracking jokes im very uncomfortable with instructions unclear, now popular for punching girls and hated the girlies in my class are fighting to be the muse in our class while they all nominate me for adones ðŸ¥´ i feel like im in some anime shit nothing says peak education than writing and sribbling messy shits in a language you dont understand teacher told us to write this and i really dont understand what i wrote down ðŸ’€ damn bruh did me dirty ðŸ˜© id say so im not a doctor so i wouldnt know except *somebody* here my notes devolve into a mix of cursive when im just rushing can see it happening here with the "ang mga" and almost all g letters also since i write in arabic too so theres some influence when i write in english i should try writing the lowercase A more distinct than the lowercase O sometimes they look the same heres my arabic handwriting can see what i mean when i said my arabic writing kind of influenced how i write in english what do you use rn too much? tbh if you have the funds and want it, why not i cant quite understand you ah no its just aligned and not flipped pfft i got beaned buuut lets not do this here who the fuck decided maths needed a dance whoopsies i accidentally agreed to join a maths club im fucking horrible in maths this girl asked me if i wanted to join a "hugot maths" and i agreed because it *might* let me not join the maths dance shit turns out hugot maths is literally a maths club ðŸ˜­ how bad am i in geography?
i mixed up italy and french and thought paris was in italy himbo moment yeesh tbh felt
you get hella comfortable in bed and then your bladder says no ew viv wants some cocomelon viv do you straight go to the toilet after dinner then bed? maybe wait a few mins between dinner and toilet
let the thing work off yknow same, if i immediately use the toilet after dinner i will inevitably need to use the toilet right when im in bed 5:46am is too early? ayieee huh Viv is 24hrs pharmacy a thing in the philippines or no? sheesh i forgot today was 9/11, which is why our town is blasting music for our town's anniversary at 5am gonna see if theyre gonna have a parade this year or not 1. his name is what
2. first thought i had were dog tricks ðŸ˜­ whats with these baby names with -eigh strapped to regular ass names ðŸ˜­ these names arent just a tragedeigh, theyre murghdyrr fun fact : these weird ass names will inevitably make the child's life worse for one, majority of the people wont know how to spell their names then theres this emergency responder who had a call from a student who fell unconscious while talking so the responder tried to track her name down in the campus she was in it took so much time to track her down and by the time theyre still trying to figure out the spelling, someone found her unconscious mi'randeigh so pinoy students, would you give me an idea about how "reports" work? my teacher just told me to write it on a manila paper and thats it like i got the manila paper but i have absolutely no idea what to write on it
my topic is "suffrage" and i have to report it tommorow trying to get back to school after years of being a drop out and in a foreign country is so hard ðŸ˜© as in when was it created and who passed it etc? ugh thankies! so heres roughly what im gonna write on the manila paper
- the topic
- how to pronounce it (im doing this because even the teacher didnt know how to pronounce it)
- the meaning of it
- when it took place what i will be talking about 
- how its impacted the society
- who was behind the suffrage/vote to right what the *fuck* is wrong with my science teacher and advisor so im in Set A where i only need to go to school Mon-Tue all that 5 days i was just chilling, did my assignments and *now* at 6pm, on a Sunday evening, she fucking sends an assignment for us to do due *tommorow* and we have to memorise it ive been trying to draw a heart diagram for the past 3hrs and i keep erasing it and starting from scratch ðŸ˜­ @azula my previous year advisor liked me to the point she registered my name to run for the school student governant position https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/899282812337795142.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless i didnt even know it existed my position is apparently PIO or Public Information Officer yeah so uh update when i went back to school i was immediately greeted by some students with a candidacy form ðŸ˜ This SSG or Studeny Council shit is tiring me so much i just realised our school is probably one of those 2-split system schools ðŸ¤¦ where if a student is sorta decent at school then they would get focused on unreasonably hard whereas if youre a dolt youll be in a seperate classroom and ignored aha! i backed out of candidacy officially but my popularity got a huge boost after that 1 day campaign ðŸ˜­ now almost everyone in the campus wave at me and call me "hey Ahmad!!" ugghHHHHHH CAN THESE BITCHES STOP ENTERING ME IN SHIT WITHOUT PERMISSION fuck fuck fuck FUCK TEN SECONDS?? *violently chokes on drink* not me slidin into his DMs Viv?? you good? yeahh stay safe woo! https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/909554393433665556.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless UASGWKWOIWHEEUEUEHSHHAIWIWJWHBW what is it with everyone i know online getting signs and hints from others and now its my turn ðŸ˜­ UGH this was my last year advisor who entered me in the candidacy without asking me so i backed out she recommended me to the higher ups but no thanks i feel guilty for some fucking reason someone tell me if im wrong for backing out? shes also pressuring me into joining the quiz bee that i was entered to without permission im so fucking pissed i shouldve blundered my tests they would of course say "oh you have a choice to refuse!" but they will guilt you into accepting ill be having a convo with her tommorow regarding me being a participant in the quiz bee sighh youre so right and im so thankful for your advice, thank you its just, i guess since i feel like i never made my parents proud i have to make up for it somehow,, can i give you a hug?
your words helped me a lot more than you'd think.
thank you sooo much for your advice ðŸ˜­â¤ Welcome to the seever BlackHeart! man what the fuck is my Highschool year turning out to be like, how am i supposed to respond to someone straight up messaging me "btw i have crush on you!" this is making shit even more awkward ðŸ˜­ teenagers are something else so bold and blunt ðŸ˜­ EXACTLY she had the balls to text her crush that she has a crush on them credits are where its due extra points for saying it right after accepting it when i left her msg request ignored for 2 weeks ðŸ˜­ yeahhh she doesnt know i actually left her on read for 2 weeks still thinking of the dude that likes me :Bbay: why would i fight it when hes so charming https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/914664249085804605.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless it makes sense why hes working in marketing sheesh i will just flat out tell her to find a replacement im not competing my ass out man im having an irl Choices LI choice moment ðŸ˜© i got some feelies for this dude but also this girl in senior high who accompanied me during campaign and she was sooooo sweet and swooning ðŸ˜©ðŸ˜© yknow the funny part? this girl who told me that this dude likes me has a crush on me too and im like ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ like are you gonna matchmake us or sabotage us aaaaaAAAAAAAA let me try to give you an idea of the marketing guy hes somewhere 19-22, wears leather jacket, neat hair but not too neat, decently built and is either as tall as me or slightly shorter (im 166cm/5'5") yk what, hes so charming and just gives off vibes that you want to hang out with him that id consider him a king ðŸ˜© NO BC HE PULLS IT OFF SO WELL he also has this boyish looks ughh i think what made me really attracted to him was during our campaign hes the runner up for president in our opposing partylist and he wasnt campaigning yet so we went into his classroom where were gonna campaign, at first i didnt know who he was other than being friendly and accomodating to us despite, well, us being his competitors he was playful and all around being funny with our president this is **PERFECT** oh i havent even reached the juicy part ðŸ˜©ðŸ˜© while our pres. was doing the campaign and introducing our platforms and members, he really paid close attention to everything he said ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ someones excited talking to you when it was my turn to introduce, our president decided to interrupt me and say "before he starts, i will tell you that he only speaks english, please introduce yourself" this mans looked at me and did that HEAD TILT that- AAOEKWNWJS he probs paid attention to me as much as everyone else but still ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­
he sat there, slightly tilted his head and leaned forward ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ ayo- true that yup, dating apps are really only good for when youre just down bad im in 9th grade and im turning 18 so ðŸ˜©ðŸ˜© nah im a school drop out so im few grades lower than what im supposed to be i wouldve been grade 12th...
...
...
...and probably classmates with the marketing dude AAAAAAQA BUT NOO HE HAS TO BE ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CAMPUS ðŸ˜­ maybe if he wins this election i might see more of him who knows ðŸ˜” and socials yes PAUSE i am not *that* comfortable yet ðŸ’€ðŸ’€ we only spoke once for a few mins.
after i was done doing the morning campaign i was hanging out by the gates chatting with my classmates about their campaign he came looking for me DAAAMN GET IT bro im not even sure if this marketing guy likes *likes* me if that make sense the girl who has a crush on me told me that he "finds me interesting" i havent even talked about the other girl who i reaaally like PB stop fucking with my LIs damn ðŸ˜” awwww neat so what happened between you two? WHAT you dont know his name or track his socials down??? ah right ***:(*** maybe he uses FB but never updates it? like me i havent changed shit on my fb and made it so my posts were only visible to friends im guilty of that ðŸ’€ðŸ’€ Bel i think you should smell of something *good* for him to remember than sweat ðŸ˜­ *good* id start wearing my fav my perfume but uh i dont wanna lead on the other girlies and i almost never run into the marketing guy yk the tragic part is? i told myself im not looking for anything, boyfriend or girlfriend or partner because at the end of the day, my plan is to leave everything here behind so...
its best for me to bottle up these feelings uhhh can i choose to back out ðŸ’€ i should check my school fb acc, havent checked it in days, maybe i mightve gotten a request from that someone nope ðŸ˜”
just 3 from other people hmm he likes cars and i also likes cars switching my pfp to a car rq who? ðŸ˜­ OH BEL WHY ðŸ’€ ðŸ‘€ himbs forgor help
idk what to do with these disgusting fuzzy feelings im having oh right my birthday in uhh 11hrs 39mins my last day as 17 y/o https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/834472507079000085.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless yeah, just sad that i felt like my childhood wasnt fully fulfilled anyways true that, thanks! ill be scouring the internet for a good Countach pic for my FB pfp something about 80s cars that make them so mesmerising catto massage good lets see if this pfp will catch his attention though looking into his car taste he seems to only like basic modern sports cars â˜¹ï¸ yknow, this poor lad is a camera victim he looks so much better in person than the pics i see on social medias ðŸ˜­ oh shitt hes seen some things he wishes he didnt see help ðŸ˜­ AAAAA oh right yall ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ today the partylists are having a general campaign where they all debate at the campus's courtyard finna find the closest spot near the front and keep myself hidden to watch *him* more like a new FB account ðŸ˜­ what the fuck 
turns out you dont vote for an entire partylist but rather individuals of each partylist BRO i couldve won and had my crush as my president AAAAAAAAAAA oh false news @DaHomieDrew ðŸ˜”ðŸ’” the guy im stupidly crushing on isnt actually interested in me he only liked me because i was a part of his friend's group when i backed out he doesnt even look at me man shit hurts HES ALSO YOUNGER THAN ME WTF HES 17 im a fool ðŸ˜” ill still vote for him regardless out of the 3 president runner ups hes the most suitable one how do i know he was only nice to me because i was in his friend's partylist? well during the entire time my former team were talking for god knows how long, he was so supportive, clapping and just watching them attentively me and my girl friends were just sulking in the corner ðŸ˜” i hate mixed signals ðŸ˜© i came across him but i did the "i dont recognise you" move at him the one time i like someone this happens ðŸ˜” its fine he doesnt have anything to benefit off me anyways why am i not surprised this mans has a lot of girlies after him ðŸ’€ 3 out of my 5 girl friends are all after him ðŸ’€ðŸ’€ too bad hes in 12th grade so i wont see him next year although im good friends with his family soo theres chances we might run into each other in gatherings we already ran into each other twice but the 2nd time i acted like i didnt recognise him because im kind of disappointed and confused with him its funny since i didnt even recognise him until i was right behind him and thought his figure and build looked familiar nah i pulled something that mightve been better or worse ðŸ’€ i timed it so that i stood up and turned around when he was about to stand up he stood up, i quickly did the same and turned around while walking to the exit i know hes behind me as hes heading for the same exit, once i got out i casually looked off to the right like im staring at something *in case he didnt recognise me before* once im done i headed over to my bike and glanced at the mirror to see him also glance at me but thankfully not on the mirror he just looked at my back before i put on a face mask and drove away ðŸ’€ ill just act aloof and cold around him tbh until its clear what his intentions are, ill just push him away i dont remember if he ever saw me without my face mask tbh like, our first meeting in his classroom while we were campaigning is like a distant memory that i want to forget good thing he saw me thrice i dont know why fate is fucking with me in 2 days in a row ive never seen this marketing dude until since like Tuesday
then yesterday i saw him in a completely random place
and now today i ran into him *again* what the fuck does this mean she really thought she was sleek with this first she asked if i had a crush, i told her no but i did find someone attractive and asked who it is im very sure that wasnt what shes expecting ðŸ’€ which is sad because i think she looks cute ðŸ˜­ awwwww was that pensive emote a cry for help i had a dream of the dude im crushing on and im like why ðŸ˜©
why cant i instead dream of Sage yeah but this mans givin me mixed signals i forgot to say, when i stood behind my crush i realised hes actually shorter than me so around 160cm~ or 5'4"~ do any of you have tips on taking photos of yourself? now that i go to school i should expect that id need to take pics of myself sometimes so i want to be kinda prepared for it ðŸ˜¬ any pinoys know what this "Myra E" means? po is a way to refer to someone here
like sir or maam but iirc po is a gender neutral way of referring to someone in tagalog correct me if im wrong for context ; a professional photographer took a pic and i photobombed it and now its posted all over the official page and groupchat also semi face reveal ðŸ’€ nag Myra E kaba? turns out Myra E is a Vitamin E capsule nah i never saw him before at all, id remember seeing him if i did thanks! ooof take care of yourself and i wish you a speedy recovery! just like Frat said, take your necessary meds and stay hydrated how tf do you memorise vegetable scientific names theyre just mumbled up words shit they are latin words ðŸ˜­ hating lmao so i no longer have 2 LIs ðŸ’€ 1. The guy doesnt even greet me anymore since i left his friend's party
2. The girl im crushing on is already taken yeahh, kind of sad but oh well like a friend of mine said
im not prey but im always pursued what does this meaaaann i won the maths quiz bee in our maths festival and i walked off the stage to be greeted by my former candidant party and we had a nice chat for hours i saw from the corner of my left eye that the guy i was crushing on took stolen shots of me idk anymore ðŸ’€
i kind of lost interest in him after ignoring me but maybe he didnt recognise me? 
but whats the point of taking stolen shots of me either? ðŸ˜© yall the girl who straight up confessed to me and sent the horrid pickup message is now asking for my notebook for "some reason" i have seen this in movies
shes going to leave some note on my book isnt she ðŸ¥´ shes the one who asked if i liked cats and proceeded to say "so you like pussy?" ðŸ˜­ ooh yeah 
"my gf goes to another school" ðŸ’€ but then shes going to tell everyone and the people that i might be interested in wont be interested to me anymore ughhh i already did but she doesnt seem to be able to understand that...
she asked if i had a crush and i said no
she told me she had a crush on me and i said oh okay? 
like i didnt reciporate to her at all if she does any more moves ill just be up front and tell her i dont want her advances ew thats a huge douche and fucked up move this marketing dude i had a crush on is seriously giving me mixed signals now one of my girl friends made her move on him and first thing he said? 
"are you classmates with *amad*?" 
mf doesnt even know how to spell my name damn god damn it i need some advice
should i try *befriending* him? well the entire reason i like him is because of his personality but like i said before, he really gives off mixed signals true is it pronounced feng-shuy? or feng-shu yeah Ahmad is just a shortened Mohammad it amazes me how people here butcher the Ahmad name though my teacher who uploaded my info to the online database for our national school messed it up that it doesnt match my birth certificate name somehow, instead of typing Ahmad, she went and typed Ackmad yeah i did, not sure how theyre going to go about it though then youve got people naming their children basic names but with weird spellings oh yeah i had to get myself accustomed to the local names here theres a famous family here named Mangudadatu, pronounced as Manguda-Datu which translates to Young Prince yeah and very influencial even to this day ehh im not well versed into the local politics to have any opinion on them but atleast they werent as bad as the Ampatuans slightly yeah, i can maybe form a basic sentence also the local dialect Maguindanaon >sets my facebook cover photo to this >my crush does this what does this mean stalker? i have no idea what hes trying to do ngl are you telling me to make the first move? wanna be friends? or simply wanna just copy me tempting but that'd make it obvious im watching his acc mhm thats supposed to be for the cat smh poppy color name gange im intrigued where do i get animal pfps kawaii enough for you? what â˜¹ ive ordered off shopee like twice the 2nd time for some cheapass earphones i need to use to study which costed me 233PhP with shipping does he buy weird gadgets the said earphones i got came with a free case so thats neat ig i only bought it because i wanted to try the new drop off point building they have set up in town turns out its easy af to receive your order they text you, you go there and write your order number and name and they search for it then you pay the cash on delivery rip wew a lot of new arrivals Sienna wont like that >:( bake her cakes idk @Alliecat Welcome!! hello!! Hii!! @QueenSheWolf welcome! Guinea pigs? ðŸ‘€ theyre so cuuuuute ill never get used to family relatives *way* older than me calling me Bapa/Uncle because of my dad's huge wack family tree my dad is the youngest of 11 siblings and his siblings had a lot of children which resulted it becoming even *more* branched off yeah and then being called an uncle by people odler than you is so weird theres a dude in my Grade 9 class named Andrew Philippines theres a pinoy teacher whose name i have a hard time pronouncing