 Wtf did I just come to  Welcome! We did have our reasons, thats all I say. Just know it wasnt unjustified. As Jack said, it doesnt matter who or what its about. Its a staff matter and were arent about to disclose our reasons, which we did have. If Hilda wants to leave, thats up to him. Wed like him to stay of course but its his choice Youve asked that a few times now lmao Sheild resigned  ILB and Ava True Happy new year! Totally  oof No way that's real    Poor Elliot I cant believe they brought back all the ILITW gang just to kill them  I know  It was so sad  Rip Wow  Hey Yep You used to be known as Razor   Hahaha Rip Juanico Seems like lots of people are sick right now Sorry to hear that Tay *hugs* Everyone seems ill recently Or at least a lot of people True Its common around this time I like winter when its not making people sick Which I know it basically all the time  I hate when its too hot like it was last year over here We had to have fans on all the time rip I just wear whatevers comfortable  Same Relatable  Same lmao Good luck Glad it went well Yeah, its a shame but thats how it goes. Some will like us, some wont Yeah Everyones entitled to opinions until they start hurting others Thats when it crosses a line Good idea I've checked on it a few times Sounds like a solid plan *same* Oh I know this song Yep Mrs Potato Head by Melanie Martinez right? Not for me Hmmm Rip ILB  Parker ran off for me rip Quinn's cool  Haha rip T-series True Would you still be happy if one of the Paul brothers beat Pewdiepie though  What if 9k4 beat Pewdiepie *Doge's want for Pewdiepie to be defeated intensifies* Ive seen them and theyre cool Oh wow, didn't expect to see that today I looked on twitter and it's male and female lead Yep So you can be both genders Probably newbies at a hospital Then we get better as the book progresses Canada is in North America so I think it counts @CoolCCMystery yes @CoolCCMystery yes please hooray Dara is a character I like in CC Josh lol I can join vc but I won't speak ~~because my mic and voice is bad lmao~~ It was at 25,000 recently Poor you I watched Sabrina oof I have iOS luckily I think it's by country Yeah I believe in Uganda you can get life imprisonment for being homosexual Hey Mik! Good luck Zee Im straight as well lol Im not sure Oof Same Jordan, same Sonia is pretty oof I drink black currant the most Ive heard it a lot You should be able to toggle who sees which channels in channel permissions Woah  Do they have crime on Android yet? Nice I play iOS luckily but it'd be cool for Android to get all the features My new BitLife is Phillip Murray who was born in Australia ^  My true motives are revealed I guess  It Lives Adjacent Well miss you Everything > twilight vampires Congrats Altair! Copyright infringement will go insane now Sadly some people may lose their income As it will affect their YT accounts Same I miss ILB  This Turkey has too much Greece Miami this way You like me best when Im off my rocker same as Jordan Smoking is not for me lol Get one of those stress balls Idk what they are called ^ It damages your lungs and other vital organs No Tay I mean, if you really want to, I won't stop you but I don't think that's a great idea ~~*screenshots it and takes it out of context*~~  HFTH is perfect in every way Ikr I love everything about HFTH Genderlocked books are amazing I hope every book is female only Im looking forward to Sunkissed so much Kate is trash Ivy is bae tho Arent all the HSS LIs trash Except Ajay Ajay is amazing Ikr I love all of ATVs 20472749361648382626 love interests ^^^^^ Jackie is amazing though Same with Aurora Wow Whos behind this?   Hey I have to stay up and have nothing to do so rip If you have a problem with something, feel free to message me or one of the other staff and we'll try to fix it Thanks True The CC canon wiki is not good to say the least There was literally a user who was speaking about how he'd torture and kill a woman on the canon wiki Hamad Awww  The last RP Benji did was fun ~~I'll be a villain~~ ~~Aww Penelope~~  Shoulder is cool ^^^ If someone has sex with animals, then they need to re-evaluate their life choices 670 pings wow What does it feel like to be loved Ive never known  The spire collapsed but luckily, theyve been able to save the rest of the building Oh no Good luck Jordan Wow I've had a few surgeries but nothing like that I had them put three metal bars in my arm and then take them out a while later F Yay Blake You like Chief Scott? Nice, hes interesting I hope he appears again soon Its up to you what you like Tay Good luck!! It's changed a lot Happy birthday Altair!! Take all the time you need Furi, were here for you and we wish you all the best Im probably an introvert Oooo enjoy! Nice! Hey  Hildas drunk? Woah I dont lmao Ive had a few sips but I have no interest in getting drunk lol Getting drunk just doesnt appeal to me tbh I have no interest in smoking or doing drugs as well lol Welp *drinks water* Wow Be careful please Tay and Hilda Drink doesnt fix things, it just makes things worse tbh Spoiler alert ||why would you want to be spoiled?|| Hi What Hilda said You have good taste I'm sure Altair Thumbs up, it looks great! Sorry, I'm juggling like 4 convos at the same time haha It looks great! Im sure you sing well tho Im going to try and be more active in this server yay ~~Ive never heard of or played this game~~ Relatable Has anyone seen any of the new Lucifer season on Netflix? Oh no rip Ive seen the first episode and its really good, but Im not going to spoil it Congrats! Ella is amazing I like all the main characters on Lucifier tbh  Mazikeen is great too I know Lucifer does but I didn't know about Ella I've only seen three episodes and haven't had chance to watch the others rip me Oh wow I'm late but congrats Bread!! I'm sure you'll make a great mod Omg  Let's stop loafing around I'm kneady so no Let's give a toast to Bread becoming a full-time mod Bread is the upper crust of bread I saw you Russian away from Iraq I hate Greece-y Turkey Do you have eleven protons? Because you are sodium fine What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck Im a big fan of whiteboards. I find them quite re-markable It's the mod for choices Meaning diamond choices are free It should be pinned in #choices-chat! I'm not a fan of mosquitos lol I don't like any insects really Really? Lucky I've been stung by a bee a few a couple times and I've broken my arm Oh no I know but still ^^ Congrats! Apparently Brexit will happen on Halloween 2019 That's what I've read at least RIP Welcome! Good luck! Wow That was something Yeah  How are you? Oh no :aww: *gets the crucifix* No larva in condoms in this Christian server True  *drinking nothing* Sure *withers away* .  SAW THAT Dont ask *runs* Theyd need an ocean to cure their thirst lmao What about heyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy = Im running away and changing my name so you cant find me Same Tay *hugs* I hope you feel better soon Yeah I do Sure, what do you need help with? Lucifer topped Netflixs binge watch list so I think itll get season 5
I heard that it had around 60 million viewers, but I dont know how true that issue :aww: Oh no, I hope you feel better soon Lexa It should be pinned in #choices-chat! Congrats!! Congrats!! Congrats Anhiro! F But congrats Lexa! Congrats!! Thanks! :0 Thanks!  Oooh, is that mobile or PC? Thats nice :0 This is perfect :0 This will help so much ^ This is really helpful How? :0 Alrighty Oooo :^( Yeah colour works on iOS, its not great but its workable Happy birthday!!! Well thats a server icon if Ive ever seen one Though I voted for BP too rofl Oooo Melanies streaming the film on her channel in a few hours iirc Hey hubby  I loaf u too :^) Oooo And K-12 is out on Spotify for me Im guessing its out for everyone in the UK now Aw Hey Lexa!!  ^^^ glad to hear that :0 oop K-12 was a good album I liked most of the tracks so idk whats my favourite But yeah my least favourite is probs Recess too Teachers Pet was way better than I expected it to be, it was probs my least favourite snippet And I havent listened to Charli much  Detention is good imo but yeah I see what you mean Yeah I get that I rlly like the chorus of Lunchbox Friends Recess is good but not the best off the album And probs my least favourite tbh Same I cant decide what my favourite is lmao I like how the songs had important meanings True, I like that one a lot TP is one of my favourites, I like the dark sound of it Yuh Thats true ...o Uh oh Oooo I might play Uh oh :hawyee: good luck tho :0 Uh oh Hi Hi!  :aww: :aww: :aww: ^^^ Before I was like "why do we need more than one line" but now I completely see why And don't do one liners as much as I can oop I like playing and hosting o true i'd join because I have no life rae's rps are always  oop surprise drop same I came here late 2018 I think o I didn't mean to vote for 2 whoops   true it is a tough vote  im sorry  I must follow Tats yes Uh oh  I think Furi will win Uh oh DOGE VS FURI :hawyee: Hilda in the top row Im proud of hubby Im sorry hubby :^( Is everyone drew Nothing's been cancelled over here really At least from what I can remember Rip I voted Jackie but I personally dont mind who wins lol Ethan is on 12 Jackie on 9 :OOF: Same Priyudi :ethink: They are tied My discord is glitchy I voted Jackie but I dont mind who wins honestly lol Yes true Chat went insane Same It looks like Jackies winning Same Jordan lmao :OOF: O Time to go hibernate again Welp My discord finally fixed itself lmao Oh congrats Viv!! Good luck :aww: :aww: yay welcome back raven   2020 is the meaning of the phrase "but wait there's more" it's accurate I've seen it online and from other news sources So yeah, sadly this is true Yay Diana!