Hello Is Is that Justin Bieber What happened? Where is the newsletter Ew why is this the cover,,tf Did anyone play that Trix online game You didn't really make an account or anything but you saw other people and collected Trix cereal in weird areas God what the hell is even happening I only saw discussions of racism and not liking black LIs I'm not playing until the book finishes so I can go over the known family and decide which OH face to make a twin and have it not interfere with canon The black LIs are always so unpopular it's so sad People only want the crusty blond guys Give my boy Sean love Black Liam That's true but the black ones always come in last on the polls in the subreddit "Which race did you choose for this customizable LI?" Black is *always* last I romance Skye but I chose black male Rory I always choose the custom gender ones based on if their names sounds more masculine or feminine Except in TRM Yes That one mentee Adrianna Yeah fuck her she was rude as hell Why did I think of Platinum Maxwell RIP book 1 Seth Leave him alone  It's in memory of his mom He didn't want Bertrand to see I assume Yes hippo My MC married black Liam (Lance) so I wouldn't call it *lavendar* "Let's have sex outside" Y E S :tranife: :tranife: :tranife: :tranife: LMAO I went with Asian female Hayden At least I don't have to see pregnant OH MC anymore Yeah. OH MC is in Get ready for it OH, SK, PT, TRM, BaBu, BP And now it's speculated it might be in BOLAS too I'll send the post hold on https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/eojn5w/is_it_just_me_or_do_they_look_quite_similar/ ^^^ Plus there's more of them in the set I want to romance the buff orc lady Please PB Me, trying to guess what MC is being reused for the male based on that image alone: PB please give me info on the orc lady I am CRYING Orc gf Oh my god what if they do her like Ximena I liked Katherine because she was different Not...Barbie YES ORC GF What freak me out I romanced Aster so like Love my plant gf so much Oh my god I can finally change my nickname SHUT UP Absolutely not I'll fuck a wood nymph but I draw the line at bug human I like wamen So Fiona But like As a ginger, I can't get with other gingers Everyone thinks we're siblings What is ABG What is ABG And I oop Rae I mean my hair is RED red so I can't I remember in school There was this kid with red hair "Is ThAt YoUr BrOtHeR" No bitch Where do u live Florida It was 76 degrees today...warmest January. I'm scared At least you don't have hurricane I guess :HelloThere: Humidity is so DESGUSTANG Holy shit Is Is there a secret pedo ring Poke your asshole I have never had nails Do you bite them or pick at them? I've never been a biter I just pick to the stub Yeah I feel that Since kindergarten Isn't there a set of guys that go with ABG You know the type Omg I thought you meant TRR Drake I was like Where is he a pedo What's poppin Ah yes. The psych ward Awful Literally sat at a table for 12 hours' Wasn't allowed to watch TV or go in my room because I wasn't an "adult" uwu (I was 16 at the time)\ I was so miserable I faked feeling so much better and got out 11:37 I have a lot of things wrong with me please god kill me Am I not a good person Northern FL is literally just Alabama with less incest and racism The Florida Man...when I am walking alone I can hear him sipping Budlight in the wind, planning to wrestle another alligator We also have hurricanes Went through a cat 5 over a year ago  City was destroyed Back room was flooding I think that's assault https://thetab.com/uk/2020/01/14/apparently-testicles-have-tastebuds-so-i-dipped-mine-in-soy-sauce-to-prove-it-137912 Not America DEFINITELY not Texas Fuck Texas Yeah it's cool but so expensive I have no license and I am 21 Crime Kyo your name color is going to give me a migraine Wisconsin has amazing cheese Don't go to Utah Oregon seems nice. Liberal, no overbearing sun Or Washington I need to know which because one has high beastiality rates compared ro the rest of the country I'm not going to Colorado Pennsylvania is ok if you don't go in the deep part of Philly, you'll get jumped Uhhh what else is there Nebraska Idk anything about there Alaska has high murder and suicide rates don't go there Also another word I won't say in general Is high It's not safe there He can have a little salami...as a treat Also high rates of **** Georgia has racism in Atlanta What ??? Tennessee is gorgeous but conservative Arkansas is...Amish communities and republicans Utah has lots of Mormons mostly Makes me nervous because I don't wanna be killed by someone driving extremely stoned And I oop- I used to do one thing but I hardly ever bring it up One it was fucking stupid Two I'm worried it fucked me up somehow Never smoked and never will I knew a kid that did meth I'm outie from this conversation tho I SAW THAT She really asked a specific teacher Like that didn't give it away "Youhre a little slut" What does that have to do with psychology How old are you guys anyway I turned 21 exactly a month ago It's not that bad I'm 2nd oldest Oh nvm I can't even drive Why are y'all surprised Tweet :mmYea: H How old is Doge Oh a baby? Rae I'm older than you Please tell me there are no twelvies I have seen 10 year olds on Instagram so like Never had FB tbh LEAPFROG!!! I have a Game Boy Advance SP I have had a DS. Just went straight to DSI Never used Skype actually I used Rabbit for a little bit I breathe it in To let it go ? :caticon: 12:48 AM No point in having a vote when we all know Jake is gonna win What I didn't say anything about the current one Oh wait nvm I never remember which is which They are different but I can't remember how Inch resting Do I change my color here or the color channel because I see people doing it nowhere ||test|| Fuck ``uh`` There we go Why it no work YES ORC GF Why did it close? Vote blue no matter who? I thought he dropped Thank god ^ It wasn't even k It was millions of dollars I'm just tired of everyone being so fucking paranoid They better refund you I cannot believe Jackie actually won over Ethan I'm hyped God what happened now and PLEASE don't say nothing or that it's over BRUH That's still the same thing Yes Me, waiting to see if the person that blatantly insulted me a while back and got zero repercussions from a mod is/will be banned for messing with someone else: I meant like a mod was literally there when it happened But I'm building a house in the Sims This server isn't gonna change for "April Fool's" too is it No the other server did an entire revamp for April Fool's and I hate it Is that gonna happen here too Idc about the icon that's fine I don't see anything different I mean like The server owner could do it tomorrow because it's March 31st where I am but the other server owner did it because in her time zone it's April 1st I guess Yeah that's good I accept that The entire server as a whole though? Nah The pfp is still Choices related Bold of you to assume I go to parties Yeah I like it I wonder what the other two options were What was it The one with the pregnant guy ? Bartie is cursed The one from OH was creepy It was creepy The face looked like one of those video game bosses that are hooked up to some weird thing and talk through their mind I don't understand how people say babies are cute fresh out of the womb they're red screaming potatoes In the USA they make you give birth laying down which honestly just makes it ten times harder for the mom Imagine trying to take a shit laying down In England I think? I hate kids and never want any but if they wanted me to give birth laying down I wouldn't do it, I'd sit up which would make me get it done faster than normal It's like taking a shit Like squat I never understood how the baby doesn't drown I'd rather get a c section than give birth literally fuck all of that I'd rather not rip my entire genital area because the kid's got a monster fucking head thanks Doesn't matter. The majority of women tear while giving birth Some all the way to their asshole Imagine carrying that for 9 months just for it to drown when it comes out LITERALLY DREW What does that have to do with anything You're right and should say it Imagine thinking having a baby during a pandemic is a good idea Yeah most do Most do rip At least a little It's part of why I don't want children I mean I don't think now is a good time to have kids regardless because of how the Earth is with pollution and such I SEE PEOPLE YOUNGER THAN ME HAVING KIDS AND I'M LIKE??? SLOW DOWN God I love dogs I want a beautiful wife and many dogs They do look a lot alike I THOUGHT THAT WAS WEBKINZ You know who actually deserves a day? Firefighters They are so underappreciated Honestly it's not just that one thing I find anything that manipulates someone's emotions unfunny I can't believe he went from one end of the edgelord spectrum to the next Yes? Did u not know Filthy frank was a huge meme edgelord shocking content creator a few years ago that started making offensive music as "Pink Guy" but gave up and tried to step away from the act and now makes sad music as himself: Joji Yes Yeah they're using BOLAS human male MC Please help us I haven't noticed anything I haven't read MOTY, BP, or Babu VIP isn't available for everyone (I don't have it) so I would say they don't count tbh Bro I had the VIP option but I didn't take it within 24 hours because I was broke and I haven't had it since Gabriel Yes him Did I miss drama again? Oh. Usually people update rules after that happens so that's why I asked You mean the one Jackie won or a different one Oh christ was it a mess Let me guess: Ethan stans were angry and everyone that's sick of him were angry that they were angry Then what's the significance? Oliver gets Imtura treatment Sometimes whenever I don't know what race to pick I just pick the "canon" race (ie the one in the trailers) So my Edward is Hispanic because I couldn't decide Or well I think it's coded Hispanic Is this the only book MC is default male Or is TH:M one too We stan the female LIs in this server Facebook moms who You had me going there for a second I got scared Loving the background behind Charlie Lowkey reminds me of Animal Crossing with the colors ^ Guys hit by trains, super weird porn, horrible diseases... The flip side of the coin could be beautiful landscapes, puppies, GUCCI looking food... Yes It could also be a video Morid curiosity is a powerful thing I think one of the more iconic ones was (don't tap on this if you're at work it's bad)  ||This one lady putting an octopus in her vagina|| Iconic as in well known I saw it back in high school Unfortunately Yeah I'm desensitized to almost everything at this point but like two things ~~not gonna say what in case of harassment~~ I've been on the internet for too long I have not It's mostly drug stuff and people chatting that live in corrupt countires though, allegedly. You have to go deeper to get to that stuff Oh man...Every once in a blue moon some edgy kid will make an Instagram account and post videos like that. I will always see several accounts spreading around to mass report them Conservatives will be the death of this country Bruh I live in Florida and people are still going to the fucking beach Love how they say it's just the flu but it's already killed more people in the US than the flu did in a year xx It's awful but it's known to be kind of addicting Example: Raven If you complain to Isabelle she'll reset Definitely If he's vegetative he's not coming back HOWEVER Knowing NK he probably has a policy to keep him alive in this state until he naturally dies, so his laws can still be practiced Did Paige get deleted because she's not here anymore I did read announcements
She's probably pissed Not to be controversial but strawberry blond is blond not red I've never considered them to be redheads or gingers Oh Doge you have no idea how many strawberry blondes I've seen talking about how ginger they are I like in the Winter when it's cloudy but a little sun still comes through but barely. That's when hair color always seems to pop I consider that people's "true" color Or well Maybe It's just nice The ER will honestly just send you somewhere else it's kind of a waste to go there Idk why everyone suggests it Carbonated water Amazing No point in a vote when we already know who will win Oh wait nvm I read this wrong I thought y'all meant a LI poll Well what Perri said made it sound like we're gonna be doing a poll of what cover not LI If y'all could stop coming into convos about books you don't like just to shit on them that'd be grand xx What political shit Why is slowmode on I have something to add to earlier conversation Without the Stonewall Riots we wouldn't be where we are today with our rights. If you're LGBT you have no right to condemn protests That's all I was gonna say but ok No point in moving Don't even think I have that channel unless I'm blind PLEASE stop @ ing me I'm begging you I'm right here 711 didn't need to @ me Idk what's going on but Go Mystic!! How you find that I thought it was a free thing nvm Discord's new update doesn't allow you to view blocked messages anymore and it's pissing me off so here's a lil PSA Just because I don't want someone to be able to message me doesn't me I want to be unable to see context for conversations Makes me a lil nervous tbh THE BUG IS FINALLY FIXED I can see context again!!  There was a bug where you couldn't view messages from people you blocked, making it hard to see context in convos Oh Viv  Idk about other hair types but as someone with really curly hair it's not good to wash it every day Not if you were one of those kids born in the car LMAO Oh man I'm hyped just from the poster I want to vote for black Noah but I can't use any hand but yellow when reacting How do I vote Thank you  Are you talking about the saying or WT the book I've only seen it used when referring to pets .-. What do you mean by way? > For simply not using thier "way" Who is Fearless That's rough man what happened?? Hey Cookie you're ok What's going on Where is your pfp from btw :TransgenderHeart: One of the biggest parts of my transition is getting sterilized. But also because it'd ease anxiety Ah I haven't started yet but I'm saving money for top surgery thank you  You guys are so sweet thank you :TransHearts: Yes There was a huge rumor about Marilyn Manson doing it Did you see that one guy who tried to look exactly like some BTS member It was super creepy I keep waiting to see him on the show Botched I would file a restraining order immediately LOSE HIS NOSE? VOLDEMORT? Would that make Jimin Harry Potter Yeah he looks like that human Ken doll guy Oh my fucking god IS he the human Ken doll guy My favorite part about Kpop stans is when they bought out a Trump rally So it was empty Yeah First it was Japan Now it's South Korea It's the same with Asian women and ||porn|| It's a disgusting narrative where they see them as submissive and baby like Oh man Isn't there like A low birth rate somewhere because men don't want real women, they want anime girls Oh yeah Hypersexualized And very weird like ||Boob physics|| > Boing boing
STOP SKSKAK Just like Imagine the voice actresses making those noises it's ??? I would feel so awkward I gave myself a haircut the other day But I made it too short because with really curly hair you can't tell how it's gonna dry And I look like Shirley Temple WHY DO THEY SCREAM LIKE THAT SKSKSKAJ What the fuck is happening Why are they spanking her Why does her ass have ||boob physics|| Brit guy looks like Lego Jimin more than Jimin I love him I really want to but I'm scared it'll say I'll have children despite me very very much not wanting any I'll send one then I'm gonna DM Oh wow that's a nice shade How did you figure that out Cheese When I'm nauseous it's the only thing I can stomach sometimes My birthday is next week and I'm cautiously excited Have any of you seen Holding The Man? I watched it like a week ago and bawled my eyes out and I'm still thinking about it ...Yes? But it was a book first Today is the daaaay!! Thank u Got the exact same percentages as Mara :ConfusedCat: Tf happened here I was gonna vote for her but decided not to because it felt useless being the only vote Nauseous I slept so fucking good last night jesus christ You don't want your license? I'm 22 and can't drive Honestly I don't think I'll be able to either I am very jumpy. I'll probably cause an accident I get it It's ok Less distraction from hearing things I guess They feel the music vibrations I was really pressured to get my license by my Dad. But my Mom flip flopped between being the same and being "dear god please don't drive". I am very jumpy, and hyper aware of everything, and have bouts of dissociation. It's dangerous I might sound crazy but I don't even know if I WANT to learn Do you live in a big city? That must make it a bit easier, since in places like NYC people just walk Some don't even own cars Yeah! Pokmon Go actually got me into taking walks I hope I haven't come off as insensitive during this conversation, I'm sorry if I did at all Yeah I'm sorry, I can't really tell what's appropriate or not sometimes ^ Fun fact: Ligers can't breed Can I say something Choices related that might be controversial Nevermind How the hell- The faces are kinda awkward It's midnight why tf do I want raspberry Poptarts so bad I only eat the fruit flavors- Cherry, blueberry, raspberry, strawberry, wild berry... When I was in like elementary school I tried s'mores and didn't like it and I've only had fruit since Wait not s'more Ice cream sundae or something My OCD says I have to eat Poptarts for breakfast at LEAST every 2 days I didn't screenshot but I didn't like mine Chocolates? Will I have to get on VC Thank u Yes Did something happen Hazel  Riley is super gender neutral Or at least it was when I was little. Idk now I'm a Hufflepuff...but I already knew that One of my dogs has one of those. He's just kinda fat My lockscreen has been the same through a slide phone and 2 smart phones I don't do change in routine :Bbay: Thank you I found it in like 2014 What siblings? There's 8 of them For CA alone CINGERIX Replace Alexis with him :YellingWoman: :ConfusedCat: Stan Wish they would remove the cyber lines and reuse the MCs :pleb: :ping: OCD really controls lives tbh Me It's ok Drew my DBD is also severe It's more than being neat :this_is_fine: I'm open to questions about personal experience with OCD if anyone is curious :ConfusedCat: What is happening :ping: ^ :mmYea: :LMFAOdead: I love y'all Bulbasaur is my favorite Pokmon I'm getting my 2nd dose tomorrow Idk my younger brother is literally the only one in my house that's decided not to get vaccinated (for no reason) and it's...very annoying Got my 2nd dose this morning Arm hurts. Again Y'all...the 2nd dose...oh my god I feel like absolute dog shit My Dad was ok after his (he got his a month ago because he's military) and my Mom got hers today with me and her arm is only a little sore. But we'll see tomorrow Me though? My arm is very sore, my whole head feels bad and I have a slight fever. I am exhausted as I only got 5 1/2 hours of sleep I'll try. I'll update tomorrow. For reference we all got Moderna Hoping I feel better after I sleep for like 12 hours Yes. They said it's very important to stay hydrated Things have been ok besides the second dose. I'm enjoying my D&D diamond replay Oh hey!! Goodnight!! Hoping to go to bed soon. I have every body side effect except nausea I'm alive I wanna see too!! Show us the villagers!! Oooh I also have a frog villager... Raddle What they look like Nono the villager you can't remember This is Raddle He is a lazy villager Yeah I've never seen him with his mask off Later today I'm gonna give him a leaf and see if that makes his mask come off I got to see Eugene without glasses and it was glorious Yeah you hold it in your mouth HAZEL I HAVE HER Everyone bullied her for being ugly so I bought her amiibo and was like "if y'all can't be nice then Hazel can live on MY island" They think her unibrow is ugly Who is everyone's favorite villager... Mine is Lyman  He's a green jock koala I have never let a villager leave my island They are my friends  My boy Highly recommend Pecan Viv I have 3 squirrels I was actually very upset Pecan moved into my empty plot because I heard snooty villagers were mean but apparently that's been sniped and she's now a close friend No I'm baby I'd never play AC before so I was researching a lot If I played that when I was a kid I would have cried probably I was very sensitive I love unpopular villagers. Ik Goldie is popular but she was a gift as I really wanted a dog villager Rex calls me "cool cat" and it's sick  I mean braces are pretty expensive tbf My Mom grew up poor and never got to have braces Sometimes it's necessary To correct your teeth My Mom gets insecure to go to this one county about an hour away because they're snobby there and she doesn't have perfect teeth My brother got braces though...which never made sense to me, because I never saw anything wrong with them and my Mom needs it more Not to be dark but I got so much shit for needing to go to the hospital A what No he was fine. His teeth were, if anything, slightly crooked. Nothing seriously wrong with his alignment, just stuff where he needed caps God I hate America I've been yelled at for needing hospitalization because of the money It's an awful system Reminds me of that Tweet from some republican that was like "ambulances aren't your taxi to the hospital" What the fuck is it then Oh yeah that's big on reservations (? I think is what they're called) Afaik there's no hospitals allowed on Native American territory Everyone against better, free healthcare in the US only asks "who's gonna pay for it" and say we're better because our "wait times are much shorter" I have never heard an actual argument When I move out I'll probably have to give up 2 or 3 of my medications due to money Thank you guys Here in my city at least it's basically you can't have an apartment without a roommate because of rent costs (my bsf has a one bedroom with his gf and it's like $1000 a month) and neither of them can afford dental insurance and they move need their wisdoms removed ? First of all, are you ok? Sometimes, people have no reason to act the way they do, especially family members. Some people just are mean, plain and simple. You'll waste your breath asking yourself what's wrong with her. You haven't done anything wrong, I am so sorry this has happened, I understand. When I was younger and I felt like lashing out, I would leave the house and listen to metal. A common thing is screaming into a pillow so that might help too Just because she says those awful things about you doesn't make them true No, you're right. That's not something to scream at you over Brookley, please believe me when I say you don't deserve this. I'm sorry I understand. This probably sounds empty and I'm sure you've heard it a million times but it genuinely does get better Sending love Oh the alignment test! I'm a lawful good I don't think I've ever met another lawful I've met goods but not lawfuls Almost everyone is a chaotic y'all are wild :e_minor: :LMFAOdead: Here's the BF result that show the characters that match the alignment: Lawful solo team rise up  I love Eugene Have u seen him without glasses I don't have a picture of when I did it so here is someone else's: It's not me  I'm a ginger This is me I forgot to take a picture when I gave Eugene different glasses So I grabbed one off Google real quick Thank u I made them myself Tbh the switching channel is the fastest way to kill any conversation from all I've seen And even on the rare occasion someone tries to revive it in the channel suggested it usually ends up being a standalone awkward message Demi likes to act like she's the only one to ever have an ED and thus can speak for everyone YES I REMEMBER I hate her "I have it worse than everyone else" attitude You're rich and have adoring fans, wish I didn't have to worry about money Can I get the nsfw tag I'm 22 and wanna see I thought you meant Jax from BB :this_is_fine: I actually had to explain to my own father that he still needs to wash his hands with soap after a shit even if he didn't get any on his hands Me with compulsive handwashing seeing people not wash their hands: :YellingWoman: :jebus: Fellas is it gay to wipe your own ass Never been to college but god I didn't even think about that, I just never wanted a roommate because what if I get ||murdered|| Yeah same So like...whenever people say stuff like the first ___ in your camera roll is your ___" do they mean the most recent picture, aka the first you see, or the actual first picture all the way at the bottom Oh no My blanks - :mmYea: :mmNo: :forg: Isn't she 17, almost 18? So not a child From Googling I found out her birthday is this month I hope her and her gf have a good time  Hey liking trans people doesn't mean you're pan...I'm still a man. Being trans doesn't make me a separate gender. If a straight girl likes me she is still straight Hey mods Someone that used to be in this server would like an invite Do I have permission Wanted to @ but didn't wanna get in trouble thank u  Just wanted to run it by bc idk blacklisters There's 2 types of anti vaxxers Karen with her essential oils and "the government is tracking me and getting my DNA" Not clownery. The whole circus :dopeystarey: Fun fact I have never entered VC in any server ever Who is Bryce Sterling OH I have DBD Is Naomi the only Native American LI we've had? If it makes you feel better I was Mars for years before Adam Bulbasaur best Pokmon Not saying my birth name because I am a Transgender but nobody can pronounce it My chemistry teacher called me the name of an allergy medication while I worked in the school library I still remember the day I was invited Bread? Durant is a Pokmon :e_minor: Same vibes as math problems with 59 watermelon Rayven hello! I want to get my named legally changed to Adam but I don't want to make my Mom sad,, I am still dependent on my parents  No I'm an adult I'm just kinda stuck here Thank you Told my Dad I wanted to learn to drive and he's done absolutely nothing So I cannot drive on my own And am unable to find a roommate so I can move out I'm sorry a what Oh no my bsf has a one bedroom and it's like $1000 a month One bedroom apartment Or flat where you live Well, I think it might have been lower before but in 2018 we got hit by a cat 5 hurricane and price of living shot up Florida, USA I'd love to live with my bsf but he lives with his gf Hmm. Don't like this mood Anyone have thoughts about the newest Sims 4 addition? Likes and dislikes!! I'm logging off for the night, I'm nauseous from nsfw chat so goodnight ily be safe :TransgenderHeart: What's funny How are all of you? Sorry for my lack of activity, I have been dealing with an extreme hyperfixation BULBASAUR Who's next to Lily? I tried to squint but my head fucking hurts right behind my bad eye Is it Bianca? Just realized next week we'll have so little people in the icon :YellingWoman: :boo: T lgbT Trans Did she wear it to the wedding? I don't remember it PB... Trans male LI not in high school when No Poppy Gaius got a redemption arc Also it'd be better for just what was stated. There's too many characters with unconfirmed sexuality They would have been in lesbian week I think, which has passed He's more playersexual Playersexual is straight or gay, depending on MC gender only Also trans (ie Aisha and Andy) I think I vaguely remember her heavily implying she's aro Barely remember HSS tbh I mean...technically a bunch of LGBT characters never explicitly say "I am a lesbian/gay/bisexual" Kate for example But she's been with men and women Uneffected by MC gender Or romance She's still dated both if you don't choose her When does she go after a woman that's not MC? I didn't romance her at all so she was straight in my play Still feels wrong to me. I don't want to see villians without redemption being celebrated during pride Because they're villians? That's like seeing fuckin Duke Richards But he still got some sort of redemption No he literally had an arc written in Poppy had nothing of the sort And you can choose to forgive him or not Sorry I don't find bad people attractive But she's doesn't have one right now And QB2 isn't coming for months I'm tired of seeing her put on this pedestal and having her actions excused just because "she's hot" I've seen her simps all over Reddit and others servers I'm arguing against having her in the icon Not to mention, again the amount of characters with ambiguous sexuality is too large It's trans week. And because there's so few we're including aces also Please don't include the i the intersex community has asked time and time again to not be included Because she was suggested Seeing Poppy would be like seeing Mr. Richards for me Ok but not everyone kisses her feet either Then why are you defending her!! Why in god's name would I, a transgender man, be angry about pride icons? And then it turned into an argument about Poppy's inclusion We have enough. Too many characters have sexualities unknown like Poppy. We'd have more than we did lesbian week and I think we should just focus on the trans and ace ones ? I've seen the community and have been told by a few of them to not include them, since they can be cishet If you want to include yourself that's totally cool!! I'm just relaying what I was told It all depends on the person you're talking to I'm trying to think if we missed anyone...Aisha, Andy, Wrenn, Cameron, Zeph, Myra I think it'd be cool if more of our matchmaker friends were aro What school stuff are y'all talkin about I just woke up Oh I have stuff The gym teacher got arrested for getting a student pregnant (she was a senior so 18 but still a student) Wait was it gym? NO DRAMA The drama teacher My middle school Language Arts teacher is a whole story Another thing is in middle school, a teacher told a student to give her her phone but she didn't want to so she ||put it between her boobs, and the teacher reached in and took it out|| Why the student? ||The teacher took a student's phone out of her bra|| This was middle school No, the student's Yes? Phones weren't banned, you could have them on school property At lunch in high school I'd eat and scroll through Instagram I didn't have Twitter then That's crazy. What if something happened? And they had the parents numbers? The worst teacher I've ever experienced was the racist hardass Catholic (Her being Catholic is relevant I promise) Oh man...So when I was in 8th grade I had this teacher for Language Arts. ||At the beginning of the year, she made all the Baptists in the class raise their hands then made them sit in the back of the classroom. When asked about it at the end of the year, if she was Baptist herself, she said "OH NO, I'm Catholic". She also had a thing against black people, and called them "cotton pickers" and would say things under her breath like "goddamn black people". She was also super hard on us even though we were 13/14. She gave us a 10 page research essay, which caused everyone that had her class to be late to school the morning it was due. I have an extremely hard time presenting in front of people, and when I couldn't she got angry and stared waving a bunch of papers at me and it hit me. I was crying in the corner of the room. She would put things on tests we never learned, and give large amounts of work to complete in the first 5 minutes of class, which wouldn't get a grade. Other highlights include keeping cigarettes in her desk drawer and spraying me and another guy with Lysol because the flu was going around.||  She was fired after I moved to high school, but not because of anything she did, because she "refused to retire" It's a lot of stuff  Oh there were complaints, and she was "talked to" I actually looked her up my freshman year,and apparently she taught theology at the community college too. Lots of complaints about her Catholic bias On rate my professor I think what made things worse was the fact the only two Baptists in my class were black How long have you been at the job? When I started my first job (deli at a grocery store, regrettably), my feet hurt so bad and I got shit for sitting when I could. If it's been less than 2.5 months I'd say stick it out Also get Dr. Scholl's Everytime someone got pregnant at my high school they were gone for more than half the year. I'd only see them a few times Didn't come back after the kid Probably a special school Are you in the South? That makes it seem like the rates are high Odd I'd love to live in Cali...but Earthquakes And it's fucking expensive In FL rn My heat sensitive ass Logically I know Sacramento is in California but the name screams Canada to me for some reason Not here It's probably more of a blue state thing Northern Florida is honestly just Alabama with less ||incest|| This reminds me of this one Reddit post This guy posted to legal advice Turns out he and his wife were related And were expecting a baby But if it was found out they were related they would be arrested But they didn't wanna break up and wanted to keep the pregnancy No Sorry 
No they're not related Wait No they didn't know Tf was I on about In certain cultures it is Talked to a Hispanic friend and they said it was common Well not in adulthood at least Never watched Friends...my Mom HATES it Also hates Jennifer Anniston Tom Brady doing it is really fuckin weird That one video was creepy "That kiss wasn't long enough" bro what A babey... Not sure what comment to reply to but I'm glad they got rid of the burglar. If my Sim gets robbed I am 100% gonna be paranoid afterwards that it's gonna happen to me irl since it happened in game Again because it's really...I can't think of a word. To repeat what I said it's the same energy as telling me to say "person with autism" instead of saying I'm autistc And that's fine, you don't have to use it But you can't force other people not to What? Obese and fat are different things. Fat can mean anywhere from chubby to obese, obese is like a certain weight And I am not obese. Don't call me that Not saying you did!!! Just reference Since I literally had an eating disorder that ruined my life, yes I know BMI is bullshit And I'm sorry that happened to you but you can't keep people from saying it The starving part That's true. But these are fictional characters, who have no feelings or opinions over words. Plus some people think queer is a slur so it's different That's different. Poppy is a bad person, and the characters have no rhyme or reason whether or not they're called fat. Being fat =/= being a bad person Dammit You can't self insert on NPCs? Nothing because nobody is calling you that  As a chubby person I'm going to use fat as a descriptor, because it's not a bad word, and none of you are going to police me about it And yes, I *have* been bullied, before anyone tries to use that as a gotcha. Being autistic pretty much guarantees it, at least where I live Are y'all ok in here? I know it's a tough day  What name Elsa baby... Just looked up Jitters...think he's on something Who are you guys favorite villager,, C minor I hate playing online with other people The only time I like playing with other people is Smash with my bsf and Mario Kart with my brother. That's it :dawg: I'm a Floridian that hates the beach :hawyee: :IDKher: Bro I hate salt water and the sand it's awful Also I don't like the smell it's like ass Ginger mood :hawyee: Gulf of Mexico salt water You know I don't think I've been to any other body of salt water in the US There's no cheese and crackers in prison guys Gromit :hawyee: :hawyee: :jebus: :this_is_fine: I'm so happy things went well for you Drew Oh my god they're so cute I'm in love :e_minor: I can't believe I did all of that just to be asked to create an account Fellas Wow I love dying and being dead 100 F is 37.7 C  Oh my god is it really that much for all of them Jesus fucking christ I wait for sales I'm too dumb to pirate Guys...replays To quote Bertrand "And if all else fails...just play the baby shark song :hoopla: " I wish I had nitro so I could use the one emoji from Spoilerland But I had to use :hoopla: Drew can u send the tired guy smoking  Aw ok All kids videos have comments off And for some dumbass reason you can't add them to playlists either? Really made making my meme song playlist more difficult Why is major league baseball kid flagged Please I'm 22 I just didn't know his name  My dog is 15 1/2  She's...getting there howdy Didn't know what to do so I put my Unova team Was gonna do gen 7 but it only goes up to gen 6 My Twitter font changed and I'm disgusted Oooh I sparked a whole discussion while I was playing Sims Anyway it doesn't hurt my eyes I just really hate change Has anyone here had their gall bladder removed? Not as a child, as a teen or young adult Rn yes. Got some blood test results back and one thing was kind of high which could mean I have gallstones so I was gonna ask about experiences Fuck again? Let me check my weather Tfw you're American but never had a burrito :IDKher: Sorry I'm late but happy birthday Drew  Not to mention they promised WTD and COP for *everyone* on the dates it's releasing for VIP For once VIP is too expensive - if they lowered it more people would get it. It should NOT cost more than Netflix And then Ava MTFL happened No way it's too hot September is still too hot Fall doesn't exist in Florida High of 86 today Also the fucking bugs For me it's GNATS Gnats EVERYWHERE And bugs that idek what they are Rain here means it's super humid and I wake up to back sweat Also roaches Roaches everywhere Never had leeches, but I never go outside at night after it rains because roaches scare the fuck out of me 6 pounds 3 ounces I was very close to my due date. Only 3 days early Ye My brother and I were polar opposite babies Wait that made us sound like we're twins we're not What happens if you're late? You only ever hear about premature babies Omg Mood Yeah I think I figured size, shoulders are always an issue I never heard that Ok unrelated but I guess I do have a bit of a weird story about fetus me I have autism and I'm pretty sure I was fine So like This might be bullshit BUT My Dad was exposed to some radiation for his work, and all of the babies born to the people that worked there were born female So I feel like What if I was *supposed* to be born male I believe my Mom I meant more so "maybe that's why I'm trans" type deal I don't mind at all I'd say I'm mainly neutral about it, although I am a little mad since now I have to pay all this money. It's frustrating though, since my parents won't take it into account and don't believe I am trans "I support trans people just not you" It's ok The thing is When I came out as liking women, they accepted me And my Mom keeps trying to set me up with lesbians "Hmm. My child owns and wears a binder, doesn't shave his legs, wears men's clothing, doesn't want to be set up with lesbians, wants to look masculine, and came out to the people he went to high school with as trans. Nope he's not trans" I think it depends. I'd start them on hormone blockers before anything, and take them to a gender therapist to make absolutely sure since it's so permanent Although hormone blockers aren't all good For example Jazz, from I Am Jazz, had to get part of her colon removed for her srs because she didn't have enough genital growth for it I do wish I hadn't started female puberty. It was very traumatic for me But I still would have preferred to be put on blockers Maybe not when I was a teen but teens now, there's more access to misinformation Yes, the colon bit made it self lubricating Yes One part of feminization is shaving the brow bone I actually haven't met anyone who got the masculization surgery, probably because of how powerful T is Fuck I can't spell it I give up There's also different types of top sugery I've been saving for top sugery for years On top of this I'll need money for routine pathology examination amd the hotel stay and trip 2018. Around Christmas, so I could say it was a gift so nobody would look I mean my Mom found it anyway but I mean I was trans before 2018 that's just when I got the binder Fuck I edited instead of replying The surgery I want is $8000 FUCK Ok ok Hold on guys I have a pic I do not trust the anchor as that's an incision usually used to make them bigger Of course you can ask Based on my chest size, I'd be getting double incision. And I have a surgeon picked out in Miami, I don't have the $8000 yet, especially since I'll need an extra I think $500 for routine pathology examination and the hotel stay, since I wanna stay a bit in case I get a swollen incision or whatever it is. Preferably I don't want to go during the Summer as it's so hot and I'm very sensitive to heat, but at least its in state My parents are...strange when it comes to my transness. They won't gender me correctly ever but I don't think my Dad cares if I get this sugery My best friend calls me sir and it brings me to euphoria It's kinda like You're a woman, right? Yeah Ok so You know you're a woman, and the whole world keeps insisting that you're not For a few months when I was maybe 17 my Mom would call me they in order to avoid calling me he but didn't want to hurt my feelings But she gave up so I gave up too I know I seem like a bum still living with them at my age but unless you have someone you can room with, you cannot rent alone because it's so high It is. But my Dad wanted me to pay rent at 16 and move out at 18 Oh yeah, my best friend is Hispanic and his Mom still asks him to move back in My Dad is the typical cishet white male ablebodied Christian republican When Biden was elected he was like "my rights are gonna be taken away" what rights sir "Muh guns" LMAO They wanna be oppressed so bad "The war on Christianity" Because Starbucks changed their holiday cups Also if any of you have anymore transgender questions please lmk it doesn't bother me The pressure may be odd at first but it shouldn't hurt unless it's too small or you've worn it for too long Also do not exercise in them Do not get any ones with clips in the back. The pressure is uneven and can hurt you Go ahead Viv I won't get mad I got mine from GC2B and it's wonderful, HOWEVER, I heard from some people that the quality has gone down in the last few years so try Underworks I say so, since you will be on the other side of this It's not offensive She is MtF But she passes as cis Anyway I think it all depends on the person you ask. Personally, I don't think it's entirely ok to do, but really only your doctor needs to know. I can't see myself NOT telling my future wife I am trans, however, there is this weird...energy around the whole thing. Like "how could you not tell me you used to be a man". She was never a man, and if she has bottom surgery nobody will be able to tell. It's also dangerous to tell. On one hand, it gets it out of the way. On the other hand, she could get seriously hurt It really depends on the person and their feelings Maybe this is just me not wanting children but I never understood the biological kids argument. She probably can't have any based on the amount of time she'd been on hormones, but also, not every cis woman can have biological children, either I get that, but it also comes down to the whole "oh you're actually a guy" type thing. It's a tricky subject I think it'd be easier right off the bat. Imagine the hurt after forming that bond only for them to leave you when they find out Yes Another thing to think about Is the desire to be stealth trans. Which means, living life and passing as a cis man/cis woman. Ignoring all the trans parts, I just want to live my life as a man And to do that nobody but their doctor can know Yes There's this...weird desire nowadays to force all trans people to be activists Although I answer all questions, I don't go to meetings to talk about being trans a lot. It's...just this thing I was born with There's so much more about me than the fact I am transgender You can say you're infertile. Which, for the vast majority of stealth trans, they are Honestly I wouldn't date someone that wanted kids anyway. There's no compromise, we have kids or we don't, and someone is going to end up unhappy But they'll get their own personalities, regardless of genetics. I heard of this introverted couple who had a child and he ended up being super extroverted Not to be annoying but this whole conversation has been good and full, and I feel like a sim with good social need You WHAT Wait Oh my god I read that so wrong :IDKher: Beastiality I HATE MYSELF I CAN'T READ I hate it when people use it in LGBT topics I think it depends on if they're identical or not I guess so I didn't think of that I can't remember the last time I had a Discord discussion so fulfilling thank you all sm Yeah the whole "nurture made them gay" is what I referenced about not liking it earlier What do you guys think of the whole "most serial killers are born in November" thing Why is that Scorpio and Sagittarius I don't believe it though. I'm nothing like my zodiac sign. But then again everyone I talk to about it says I have a strong moon and would probably be more like my sun sign without Trauma I believe MBTI more than zodiacs. Since it's custom to your personality You don't have to pay for 5 or MBTI What exactly is an "abstract idea" I still don't understand can you give me an example :dawg: So it's asking if I understand love? 2 of the questions on the quiz. Agree or disagree. "I have difficulty understanding abstract ideas" and "I am uninterested in abstract ideas" My extroversion is 7 Basically do not even look in my direction :IDKher: Oh wow, you actually got lower extroversion than me But we have the exact same emotional stability and intellect/imagination I had such a nice morning  Had some IHOP Yes Chocolate chip pancakes Did Kyo just type that and leave the server What happened to all your tags? And your blue? Really long car rides make me so exhausted even though I'm not the one driving Nah planes scare the shit out of me because of 9/11 - plus I absolutely cannot handle being close to screaming babies Do you want to vent about it Drew? Sorry for late reply, I had fallen asleep. I don't think it makes you an ass. I'm not/wasn't close with any of my grandparents either. It's ok Yeet God I slept the whole day away I hate tolls I don't like it because long car rides drain my energy even though I'm not driving and tolls make me be in the car longer I don't travel outside my city much so I don't know. I think when I went to visit family in Pennsylvania a couple years ago we hit 2 or 3 Do you guys ever take a shower and put on your pajamas and then you lay on your bed under a blanket and it's warm and you're suddenly tired Comfortable... :PinguDab: :ConfusedCat: What's the big server? OH nvm Duh I literally keep checking Instagram and it's still down I am going to foam at the mouth It's my most used app They what Is Squidward there Despite being an octopus Why tf did they name him Squidward How do you lose boosts So strange they just pick random emotes like I swear they chose our most used How am I going to live without the Marge Simpson emote Or guy laying down :IDKher: :hoopla: WOO +Desire Florida is the lightning state I mean it's actually the sunshine state but when it comes to how common lightning is that's what it's called Yes!!! I do Plucky, Lyman (my favorite), Victoria, Cally, Raddle, Eugene, Pecan, Goldie, Hazel, and Rex I have never moved anyone out Never! I love them all Also Hazel  I actually got her amiibo card because I was like "if y'all are gonna bully her then she can live on MY island" No Hazel the squirrel I unintentionally ended up with 3 on my island But it's ok they're my friends I think the longest I've gone without playing is 2 weeks I'm...attached Just filled the funds for the fortune teller station so that's opening tomorrow :forgheart: What? Oh we're sending dogs? She'll be 16 December 4th Yet still my baby I love her so much The fact people will send hate and death threats to actors who happened to play a villian in a movie is so insane to me Are you fucking dense? Are people so stupid that they don't realize that playing a character =/= sharing their values? Acting is a *job* and someone has to play the bad guy Interesting how when I got that notification the blacked out stuff was shown as black square emojis I have Android I don't think I've ever taken a better picture in Animal Crossing Grilled cheese Lyman!! He's my absolute favorite He's a jock villager and I have him on a pillow I'm so scared of doing that I am so sorry :e_minor: Of course I'm so sorry Firework, are you ok? I can't imagine how scary this is, take it a step at a time Glasses are totally fine. For me contacts were hell. They'd never go in right and I'd take them out after 3 hours from irritation They are You can't sleep with them in It like Glues your eye shut Glasses were life changing for me Maybe we can help Omg That AC emoji is so cute,, It's a term for when pets pass Got my booster yesterday. Idk if y'all remember but I had almost every side effect after the 2nd dose and felt awful. I can say that the booster is nowhere near as bad as the 2nd dose, if that makes anyone feel better about getting it Is he not Asian? What Yes I refuse to go within 10 feet of anyone that uses onions in their hair :YellingWoman: Going back to the Santa thing I found out really late. Normally I'd call myself stupid but I'm gonna give myself some slack given my issues I was 13 when I found out Wait no 12 I think. My birthday is so close to Christmas I can't remember I mean...yeah I fucking accidentally slept through midnight and woke up at 12:11 :IDKher: Andropalace Oh I thought you were talking about mods for Choices :IDKher: BMI doesn't take muscle into account BMI will tell a body builder they're morbily obese Probably because they smell like you Is this a phone number thing? How do they figure it out if someone uses a nickname? I was gonna say because if it is a phone number thing I can see it being somewhat faulty. When someone changes their number, it doesn't go out of use. Someone new gets the number. So the person with the new number may not be the person Discord thinks Me getting messages for some old lady named Marsha :hoopla: Really strange tho is I've had this number for over a decade. I did used to get wrong number texts but when I was 16 I started get spam messages and Facebook notifications for "Marsha". I think she put her old/a wrong number into literally everything Yeah I was wondering how they would know if someone was on the registry, and why they wouldn't just ban them if they work with the law I have known that since before I was 9 I say yes too No matter who wins, can we know who the other 2 bachelors are? I'm almost certain #3 is from MOTY I KNEW IT Although I was thinking of the other guy I did say MOTY If you make your cat vegan you don't know anything about cats and shouldn't have one The cover isn't close to TNA, but maybe it's the NSFW implications? I did say implications Considering she made the announcement, I'm gonna say Viv Sushi I love u Because she's beautiful I remember playing Lovelink. The first of its kind I think, before it even had its own app. I chose 2 of the 3 available women and their stories were never updated "Everyone is typing..." Is Discord finally back I can't tell, no emotes or pictures will load AYYYY THE EMOTES LOADED I'm sorry Viv, I know it's not the same but I can sympathize being a very short guy. If a man has an issue with your height and doesn't love you for you then he's not worth it Tall queens are awesome For women I'd say maybe 5'7 and above For men I'd say short is 5'5 and below Based on height averages Most men here seem to be 5'7/5'8 and above My closest guy friend is 5'10 I think? Yeah my Dad is 6'1 Queen Me being shorter than both my parents due to stunted growth I'll DM you Shrek soundtracks slap Frog pic for Viv My family is hoping to go to Disney World for a second time I have frizzy hair. It's...kinda part of having my hair be so curly. I grew up with it being viewed as a negative But I love, love my hair so it doesn't matter to me if people think it's frizzy I do Also I made a joke of my hair a bit ago let me find it and blur my face Yes I am. It looks dull here but in certain natural light my true colors come out and pop Also sorry I should have cropped it it's a screenshot of a screenshot There's nothing wrong with black hair All hair and eye colors are very good That doesn't make it boring I like black hair. It's charming That's because you always hear people with brown eyes put themselves down in favor of blue or green. Lots of beautiful things are brown. Like chocolate and Fall leaves Hell yeah call me beep me I like your hair It makes me so sad when people hate their hair or their eyes. Things that are so wonderful and part of self love God I hated chemistry Cheated and still failed We talkin about high school or college Mine was high school chemistry I think the teacher bumped me up to barely passing so she wouldn't have to teach my spacey ass again Is everyone but me in college I never started :IDKher: Yeah but everyone and their mother wants me to That includes friends Everyone: Go to college
Me, knowing I don't have the same brain function as I did when I was in 7th grade: :YellingWoman: If I were to start college it'd be a lot of factors. I'd have to start ADD meds again, making my med total to 6, and I'd have to study extra extra hard and not fail and waste money due to probably having fewer brain cells Honestly I don't want to go to college Yeah I know. It's just me knowing I'll probably not do well and having wasted all that money I appreciate y'all's reassurance. I know college isn't for me Yeah, I've never heard it be used as a good thing. My Mom used to give me a bunch of hairspray before school Me too Like an American Girl doll LMAO Curls are nice but I have my hair pulled back every day because of how much it bothers me and gets in the way. And that's even now when it's shorter than in the pic I sent Thank you it was a messy day Anyone here still play Animal Crossing I was cleaning out my gallery and came across a picture of Ketchup in my campsite Whenever a popular villager comes to visit I always feel like I'm meeting a celebrity But Discord it's so humid today :hoopla: God humidity is so GROSS I hate it it makes me feel DISGUSTING Toad gang Yeah he seems really popular Oh it's a great CG Can't wait until we get to that chapter Eh wait I want a different shirt I wish picrew artists would actually make hairstyles that don't force me to have bangs :hoopla: Bread is a noun. Using a noun in place of a noun doesn't make sense PUPPIES My time to shine... My babies Thank you I love them Wait wait ok one more Ginger, my baby, my cinnamon apple I love everyone's dogs God I love dogs :hoopla: Lightning McQueen... Me too!! Am I not supposed to know what the emotes mean I'm pretty sure last is Surrender Yes I'm not voting this month then Not because of the mystery but because I absolutely hate April Fool's That's me yeah I hate it sm People take advantage of us And in school it leads to like public embarrassment For me it's different because it's like...people enjoy making me look stupid BECAUSE of the fact I'm ~~autistic~~ "weird" I never got that honestly, just the r word What does that mean You need a buddy Toddler gang :mlem: My first diagnosis was age 3 and I was then retested and diagnosed AGAIN at 16 Sounds hurt, and I have gotten headaches but never migraines. I get migraines for non autism things My sensory issues are bunches worse than when I was little. But to contrast that my social skills have improved I don't know what happened I DID TOO Holy shit But it was more than just for an autism thing. But I won't go into that it's too sad Honestly I'm always available to people that have any questions about it Trans shit too You guys are going to Disney? :pleb: I mean Disneyland *is* more expensive than Disney World, despite being smaller Are you ok :e_minor: Yeah they don't require proof either so don't worry about showing sensitive documents, you just have to explain what you need and why it would be beneficial Holy shit a gif of that emote You have to make park reservations now Per park One ticket per park Man I wish y'all had this conversation when I was massively, unhealthily fixated on Disney theme park stuff back in like...May I have so many notes :kyojail: I want too happy Tfw Fastpass is kill And now you have to PAY for the replacement Fastpass was free Me squaring tf up with the new exec :tranife: :YellingWoman: :kyojail: :dopeyangry: What is Knotts Do they have Garlic knots Ooh berries It was a joke tho Taylor Swift... I am so scared of losing shit on rides I'm gonna duct tape my phone to my shorts Absolute boss The one time I used lockers I had 2 anxiety attacks someone was gonna break in and steal it No Did Chucky E Cheese traumatize you They never scared me actually Loops in rollercoasters tho? NEVER doing that shit My brother looks 10 years older than me But he's only 19 I look 15, my brother looks 25 I wish I got the height I was supposed to :hoopla: If I actually matched my growth chart I would only be 2/3 inches shorter I got all the good teeth genes. My brother was born with fucked up teeth. Idk what happened but he got caps at like, 6 :kyojail: Where's the spray bottle from SPL Ironically enough, neither of my parents have good teeth. Most of the genes I have are ones that skipped my parents :IDKher: No I was not adopted I'm so sorry What are you all up to Is that good or bad VIV What ages are we talkin rn Ah. I was the physical embodiment of depression This girl convinced me I was a werewolf too :IDKher: At 13 I was in a lot of distress due to home + school life and confused. Puberty was very traumatic for me Like not exaggeration Was as in I was changing to look more like a "woman" Me at 13: :kyojail: (That was supposed to be funny) Did y'all ever get the actual talk or did your parents just shove a puberty book into your arms Please don't make me think about that video Pretty sure that's where my tokophobia started :IDKher: NOOOO My teacher called me out for covering my eyes All I remember from 5th grade sex ed was a free pad and feeling very nauseous during the presentation That's the video, Viv My tokophobia :hoopla: :dawg: Can't forget the 80000 STDs No Fear of pregnancy and childbirth Jail Fuck them kids But no all jokes aside even if I was born male I would still get sterilized I don't want any children Drew they what Viv I thought you had a kid? WHAT I saw people say he looks like Jax?? And that you were pregnant HNNNNN JAIL What I don't know you're wearing a mask Is Jax not your bf Only 3 people in the Choices servers know what I look like Metta, Pri, and Voltra. From the birthday chat Jocelyn >>> Lauren Pre maul BABY :mlem: So he IS your bf I hurt my leg bad from stretching wrong and now I have to take a Hot Bath Of Shame in an attempt to feel better :hawyee: It's the same face with different hair :mmYea: Very much enjoy talking to everybody Ok that is a good looking man This is so ominous is something bad gonna happen Y'all wouldn't even know who I was :e_minor: I'm not tho You don't think I keep this pain in the ass-ness pulled back during the day? LMAO But nah it's not a good time to go with my Dad being super busy with work in April I don't have a license :IDKher: It's like an 8 hour drive No I'm paranoid about 9/11 repeat Not that I even remember it I was literally in Iceland when it happened I would want to go on a train Like a real one Not subway Boats I am paranoid of Titanic repeat I can't swim :kyojail: I'm never gonna get to Japan I want to see the cherry blossoms And get SO MUCH Pokmon stuff Also it's not America I didn't know they were there See I would go and see those but I hear the traffic in DC is the worst in the entire country California is so expensive I could never go unless I triple my money :e_minor: Also I would be so scared to travel alone and I'd probably get lost Yeah I get it I think if I was taller and passed better it'd be better But I'm very short and intimidated by people I couldn't find the pic but it was the "am uncomfortable when not about me?" That's that guy Thank you Ok...I appove of the new icon. Amazing Oh god what did they do Nevermind just saw *sigh* :mmNo: :hoopla: Me wanting to browse reddit: :YellingWoman: 
Reddit: :e_minor: Throwback to when I said I hated an April Fools Day prank a server did and got absolutely dogpiled and screamed at by mods Yeah like the server icon Funky Doesn't hurt anyone or make things confusing. Isn't annoying either. 15/10 God one of my biggest fears was not looking before sitting for once and sitting on a whoopee cushion and being publicly humiliated April Fools Day in schools is basically just public humiliation for the bullied kids https://tenor.com/view/egg-frank-can-i-offer-you-a-nice-egg-in-this-trying-time-gif-13802522 Hey what were the other icon options for the poll? The sound of baby/toddler crying is one of the most nails on chalkboard sounds :hoopla: I'm sorry Oh no what happened Oh my god are you ok? 50 minutes til 18 hours until I get Wendy's for dinner Hey I have a matching!! Goob I'm glad they kept it separate I'm not interested and it keeps the app size smaller Oh yeah they'd have to like, shut down for a while for the major update it'd be I think MM might be I love WTD but c'mon that's not really fair Give someone else a chance I still have several hours to go but Happy Easter Firework :)  There was a guy in my music class named Mister I've also heard the name Lemonjello but never in person No My laptop hinges fucking broke on Friday the 13th :kyojail: I'm dead inside For me it feels weird and uncomfortable, the amount of pressure I have on me. I'm 23 but I'm not *mentally* 23, I'm closer to 18, and everyone expects me to have it figured out and in a grind by now Yeah I know I'm just out of the loop. My Mom understands because she can see from the way I act I'm not mentally caught up but everyone I graduated with? Thinks I'm not trying or getting better Yeah. My Mom is in her 50s and you think she'd be slowing down but she's super fit and more active now than her 30s and 40s Glasses. I used to wear a contact (singular because at the time only one of my eyes were bad) and they were fucking awful. If you close your eyes for too long they act like glue. At one point they stopped going in correctly no matter how many times I flipped it and my eye would be so irritated I'd take it out by 3rd period ~~Also I think I look better with glasses anyway :IDKher:~~ BULBASAUR I HAVE BEEN SUMMONED My cabbage frog boy... I actually chose chespin for gen 6 Originally was going to choose fennekin but then Pokmon Playhouse launched and oh...a sweet boy...I had to pick him... Warm Jello Are u going to get the game? Did you see lechonk? No. It's Nemona Amazing Senior year of high school, you enter at 17 and graduate at 18. Of course there are outliers, like people skipping a grade or being held back, or people who's burthday is so late they just *barely* made it into the year they're in But it's normally 18 Imagine someone sends an image from there and it's literally just you Like this? Swear to god I've seen her before irl I had a soda Sunday Why did I say Sunday that's literally yesterday Damn though, when's the last time an icon vote was so close? ? That's a good question for #truth-or-truth  actually I hardly add questions purely because I have to do the fucking vote thing ~~I actually hope we do I haven't seen snow in 20 years~~ Nah it's not And the nsfw scenes show it too So sorry to say it's 11 for me and still going. It never ends They should die down around 1 or 2 AM typically so let's hope 2:14 AM and don't hear any. I know my neighbors apparently ? Senior year of high school is 17 turning 18...I was 18 for half the school year It's not On mobile I see the issue Go to your ACTUAL profile. Hit your icon in the corner User profile vs server profile :( YEAH I HAD THE GARFILED ONE I miss it tbh Untameable is ending next week so not that What about TPS? What happens if TCH wins a second time This sentence is confusing I'm sorry Wait Nvm I mean...you could argue the same about TCH as a whole. It's won before too He reminds me of Jake a lil bit Rei wasn't even always in a position of power She was selected as a mod then kept getting promoted Hey :) What do you mean? I think the server has been really quiet for a while now, but I think it's been especially inactive since Rei took things over The last time it was super active was the Depp vs Heard thing And before that when Yukki got kicked But those were only for a day or two Oh boy Bit of controversy around that one HUGE Endless Summer fan. Nothing wrong with that but that's the basis of her Discord personality. Yukki is a detransitioned nonbinary/trans man/?? and during the Chris Chan argument of a fee months ago, said she would not gender correctly any trans person she didn't like. Which wasn't just a Chris Chan thing at that point, it meant that she could be misgendering server members behind their backs if she didn't like them. Then she got kicked There were other things some people could tell you about but it'd need to be censored Oh yeah that's been a thing for ages I have MVA blocked over some disgusting comment she made during that. I can't remember what it was but it made me really uncomfortable Or maybe it was just the support? I don't know. It just made me really uncomfortable Yes I know. I check there daily One of the only active members Nah Nah. It was probably just the support then Oh yeah and she removed all the  reactions from her statement in the announcement channel It looks like a Cuphead promotion *sobs because I can't find that BSC screenshot* YEAH That's what I thought of immediately after you said that Hey same hat I'm tiger AHHH Sorry I just hit a button did not know it was bot Sometimes I just look at profiles I just found this in my gallery  IDK ASK KYO I don't know Microwave