Hey guys That’s a really hard one there’s so many good books I’m going to get a lot of shit for this but I actually liked Sunkissed Not my favorite book of all time but it was good My favorite is probably OH Lovehacks is pretty good Ben is probably my favorite LI tbh And I also really liked Sumire from PTR What about you? ES was awesome but I went with Quinn I have a weakness for redheads lmao Oh I also really liked Big Sky Went with Juliette Who did you go with in HSS? Emma the first time around, then I played it again right before CA came out and went with Maria Who did you guys choose as your LI in Class Act? You're in grad school? What are you going for? Oh wow that's really cool! I'm still working on my undergrad Thanks! Undergrad definitely isn't like it is in Choices lmao And romance I have the expensive ass dorm room that's about it The worst part is I'm paying all this money to be on campus for two in person classes a week Gen eds suck I just have two gen eds left. Math and science Not looking forward to it I haven't taken a math class in 4 years I'm in my junior year and I've changed my major twice already and I still don't know what I want to do Right now it's English It is fun and I enjoy the creative writing part of it but all the literature classes we have to take are really hard And I'm not sure what I'm going to be able to do with an English degree I wrote a 10,000 word story just for fun Actually I can't. The education track is a whole different thing and it'd be twice the work Nah, not really my thing I'm considering completely switching to hospitality and tourism Yeah probably, but I think it'd be worth it That's under the umbrella of a business degree so I could do a lot with it Funny you say that, I am taking courses in German Because the English major requires that you take a foreign language And yeah Viv that is the flip side of it. I can't imagine spending 20+ years in the service industry I really have no idea what I want to do My issue is I don't even know what I should get a degree in And it's already way past time to decide I have a minor. Criminal justice. That's what I started out majoring in I've considered law school But I could never pass the LSAT Yes I don't know if I could do another 3 years of school Plus it's expensive as fuck The ultimate dream would be to write for a TV show, hence the English major But the odds of getting into that are slim to none And I'd have to live in LA which I would hate Even cooler than that though would be to write for a video game but there's even fewer jobs there I might just say fuck it and do the education track of the English degree > yeah iirc riot games are hosting some internships this fall for college students that want to beef up their resume and some of their internships are in writing so if u want to u should definitely check that out
@Altair only problem with that is I don't play league lmao I worked retail for a year I feel like HR is even more paperwork than being a lawyer It's all about who you know and what you've done How’s everyone’s day been? You’re 12 hours ahead of me Yep! I live in the south! Where is she studying? I really hope Sienna becomes an LI Who knows