heyo and VOS and Michael from HSS i miss it so much Hey  yw btw for the recent post  my jaw literally dropped the first time i saw him like that im gay so im only ever interested in male LIs lol lol everytime a female MC in lingierie gets shoved into my face whenever im diamond farming, im like eww boobs :WTFthonk: big oof, the world may never know now could the long story be summarized bc now im curious was this a rp? omfg theres a video??? *gets out popcorn* oh wow sounds like it to me i think i get the gist anyway, its ok lol wtf yeah no argument there oooo again no argument there oh this should be good smoooooth that max and chloe pfp tho anyway that guy sounds very attractive *hint sarcasm* bish u dont even wanna know me its like a Wattpad story gone trash lol oh jeez, did i say Wattpad? i meant a roleplay lol ... lmao oooooo and eventually the part when y'all got banned lol ah wut the actual fuck someone who thinks toxic masculinity is attractive smh ._. XD and lemme get this straight, this was a choices server right? or was it something else? oh ok wow just wow XD the dude sounds like a total tool and a clown all in one and apparently likes to use age as an important factor lmao it still sounds ridiculous, you gotta admit lol truth *URE* you look like you were having so much fun there. i could never keep up the professionalism that long xd uRe was he attempting to mimic Platinum before it was even an idea spawned in PB's head? lol i cant believe you saved all this stuff nah this is more than enough to keep a smile on my face rip restricted how, like 18+ only? "Not available in your country" lol ooh alright, whos the one dipthong who liked the video XD wow now thats just pathetic i love all these storytimes scandalous! wow i applaud 12/10  that was a great origin story, ngl Very late but yes hello lol It depends on everyones time zones Anyway I gotta go eat lunch now but that was an amazing welcome to the group XD Ill try  Dont do drugs kids how do i request to be in the 17+ role squad thing? yes i am sure. i think i've been exposed to enough material in this world to be very sure xD then i'll be the one to break the ice  AGAIN WITH THE URE XD oh and thanks @ill miss you rae  wow you werent kiddin. even July 27 still sounds like a long time ago xd    oh dear god no lol whats wrong with sweden? the weather gets sticky and i hate sticky weather oof XD rip good ol Vietnam its why now that im 18, i can safely grant my parents permission to travel there without me and they'd also be saving money on airline tickets. id rather stay in the comfort of my Southern Californian home unless my only grandparent who still lives there passes away, then in which case, im obligated to go noice did you have a rockin 4th of July if you catch my drift? no i mean like we just had an earthquake recently on that day XD aww xd shouldve made it clear that only californians here would get my horrible joke XD my dog acts like nothing happened when my town shook a little ah my house just vibrated and that was it I'm in the L.A. county if that satisfies you Inland Empire to be specific all we get is heat and vibrations from time to time oh and the occasional wildfire ooh you are way south !! i went to Vancouver for merely 2 weeks and i fell in love with Canada like i left my heart in Vancouver O: your city is hella nice my personal highlights were the Capilano Suspension Bridge Park, Stanley Park, and a ferry ride to Victoria :3 mhm What game is that? Ooh Wow its basically Choices twin Or sister game to say the least How do they compare? Or are they just about the same? uff I tried it a little. Some of the facial expressions on the characters are a bit cringy but its kinda good like from the days of EA? when some of PB's workers worked there? i miss it too. iconic story i remember was The Maskmaker, that was some sad and creepy shit damn its nearly 50-50 between Frank and Courtney XD its funny, this server has a lot of people yet the majority of them are not that active and only 10 votes still and i only ever see you guys' names in these channels aww Banana Guy shouldve been added :/ smh with an ego like that, rip i better hope its playful banter bc y'all sound like you're ready to climb out of each other's screens and bitch slap one another XD lol At least we dont have it bad like the Choices people on Tumblr do. I heard its nasty and toxic over there Frank the Stripper > literally everyone else from BP lmao oof pretty much its how they get their fame pffffft fame is overrated introvertism is where its at yeah i can still appreciate a good looking celebrity tho but yes it can be @oge 2018 was the year of celebrity suicides lmao especially with her happy expression @literal legend. its disturbing true XD and im recently new :3 *I come with my own trash can* lol eyyy my birthday is right after yours @Purplesim right forgot the different time zones. Mines the 24th  EYYYYYYY happy bday  @Purplesim  hope its an amazing one! @Raven in my timezone my birthday is tomorrow but thank you in advance! XD Thank you both  hi im 19 eyyyyy me too! big wow i dont blame u tho, i could never tell the difference between pregnancy and gaining weight a couple years back in my life o_O Ive been in school for a week now YEET but thank god for the American holiday Labor Day I got a four day weekend currently bc I dont have class on Fridays so I get 4 days of heavenly bliss No tomorrow in my time zone Oh wow! Ooh! wow ehhhh idk, doesnt sound like my type of thing nothing says amazing like a creepy ass happy face  Have fun here in SoCal! Apologies for the damn heat. It really be like that If yall understand Fahrenheit, its triple digits currently like 106 degrees Its basically hotter than the devils ass this time of the year Yeah that ^ True I hate sticky weather Freezing rain is hella better Id rather be freezing than melting Rip Kyo It really be like that sometimes Cold > hot Oh yeah, Dorian is being a real bitch I still prefer hoodie weather all the way Hot weather, I always go with a simple t-shirt and long pants because Im very insecure of my upper arms and legs but cold weather, its perfect because I basically hide behind several layers ^ You can still contract stuff in hot weather like seasonal allergies Those are a bitch in warm weather Im prone to allergies no matter the time of year, thanks to my dads genetics yup im okay with that bc i dont want anything getting inside my house. hot is when a bunch of flies ambush me at the front door so then they invade my fricken house cold gives me an excuse to stay indoors and just binge-watch something or play PC games thats called a screen actually window screen more like indoors is where there's no people and social interactions, apart from my dog and family which i tolerate c: oof lol i thought we were done with those XD IMUSA why? a brand of cookware i dont think its new imo, my family has had the IMUSA rice cooker for a while now ah ok well this is an interesting turn of events Glory to Arstotzka shouldve gone into #memes tho XD but i love it!! FOR KOLECHIA she's traveling @Deleted User same here lol wish the relationship got more screen time before you-know-what happened Winston and Monty i imagine there might've been a potential redemption arc but after all he's done, i doubt it deadass i skimmed those two episodes just to find those scenes yeah xd yeah and yet Winston defended him anyway because of their two encounters so now im torn the actor tho, Timothy Granaderos is so nice and hot af he doesnt even look like he's in his early 30s and can still pass off as a high school teen Agreed @literal legend. Honestly it seems like theres no genuine protagonists in that show anymore imo but I might be wrong Hola newcomer Like okay, theyre lucky that I grew up with no interest in hip hop/rap crap, I stayed away from smoking and vaping and drinking, I have no interest in getting tattoos, etc etc. but the least they can do is get off my case when it comes to school and such Vietnam Not to mention the LGBT topic Well I didnt, thank God I find it repulsive Like I wanna die early sometimes but Im not gonna do it THAT way I love them and everything but they can be very suffocating My parents have their ups and downs Theyre the reason I have personal problems and then they tell me to keep it to myself like who tf can I talk to about this shit because it certainly cant be you two Like I have to tell SOMEONE They still dont grasp the concept of venting And now Im having headaches because were discussing gender choices on a game  yeah even i moved on from it XD For those of you also part of the Choices Facebook discussion group: what are your honest thoughts about this? Ehh now Im feeling too lazy to repost the screenshot XD Im currently in a US History class rn and I kinda feel like our professor has been putting off the actual U.S. part off Yeah were at least slightly more progressive compared to Russia XD Uh huh Oof You two should get a room Damn got there first before me XD Seconded Okay, go to #thirst-channel like right now Please dont turn this into 50 Shades of Batshit Craziness Mhm..... XD Rip Aight my professor is about to finally get off her phone. Imma leave any second now Okay ttyl bitches @Raven Ocean Eyes like Owl Citys album or some song called Ocean Eyes? Ah ok Yikes Oh boy music puns now XD rip Because money and jobs and other adulting crap Ok deadass I was bored af so I felt like scrolling up the #roast-pb channel and then while I was scrolling back down, this date pops up time travel, im callin it oh plz, its non-existent get it right wut ... idk what that means xd Vietnam War didnt need to happen according to some historians but whats done is done My dad fought on the souths side. Very anti-communism. Chose to leave the country illegally along with his younger brother on nothing but a small ass rowboat to the Philippines boy did that work out well... ig when you think about it, the communism concept is slowly dying anyhow and Vietnam isnt even seen as that type anymore oof no biggie, we all have lives outside of Discord hope everything works out in your favor big shocker, ik XD oof its about 50/50 between male Avery and female Raleigh atm well rip Platinum this thursday Dammit, its still not available for iOS devices  Also peep that male Avery Apple will always have my heart, sorry not sorry Nah fam I drop it so many times yet it still functions, despite me being a klutz Sup can you customize the characters or is it like MW and TC&TF where you just work with an already-established character background? now im wondering if its ever gonna be available for iOS ://// oh ok still sounds pretty cool wow nah not really unless you count thievery from a corrupt businessman, then try The Heist: Monaco dear lord oof nah she gets one female LI yup Dani i mean lets be real, the MC's sexuality just depends on the player so go for the lesbian route lol RoE Katie is straight as an arrow oof i personally ship those two ye beautiful aww shit here we go again our leader is back!!! o: welcome! @Deleted User ikr i still need it to be available on the app store ;-; as far as i know, its only available in certain countries and for those who are modded on this server with whatever apk stands for i wanna say im excited for it but judging by what i've heard, only one story has a male main character so thats a letdown. genderlocked readings everywhere i go smh doesnt say anywhere lmao Lmao wait, what is that supposed to be? i stared at it for a solid five minutes and still couldnt figure it out XD ah ok, thanks for clearing that up for my dumb ass nah id sacrifice Chloe bc i care too much about the general population to selfishly sacrifice a whole town for one person but thats just me with my morals xd dont get me wrong, I love Chloe, but why bother putting off the inevitable? its clear to me that shes supposed to die but like, i couldnt kill a bunch of people just to save one person @Altair true nobody should have to die but it is what it is messing with fate ig if you interfere then boom, consequences Nathan had mental health issues well thanks to Max, there's multiple timelines so i think it was for the sole purpose of finding Rachel Amber's body and find justice for her bc think about it finding Rachel's body and preventing Chloe from dying ultimately results in the tornado finding the body and letting Chloe die, nothing happens reality stays the way it was before some speculate that Rachel gave Max the powers so that she and Chloe can find her body and find justice to take down Mark and Nathan like the sole purpose was just to find Rachel's murderer but yeah sorry not sorry, I'd prefer sacrificing Chloe than a whole ass town and you cant change my mind exactly she wanted her mom and david and everyone else to live she admitted to being selfish rachel amber dies so there's that oh and william Butterfly Effect really is a headache tho XD honestly who tf came up with that? Life certainly is oh hell yes definitely i have several songs from the LiS OST in my spotify XD oh yes her too from BTS would never have known about Syd Matters if it wasnt for the first LiS Obstacles and To All of You is literally a high school passing period mood i legit mimicked Max on the bus ride to school every morning and her walking through the school hallway XD hells yes Crosses by Jose Gonzalez, yup @Deleted User glad im not the only one XD and honestly PriceAmber forever sorry but Bay over not even Bae to begin with i liked Kate and Joyce and them David even redeemed himself well that depended whether or not you let David kill him by telling him the truth or lie about Chloe's fate Bay > Not even Bae to begin with PriceAmber forever i'd want them to be in the afterlife together happy and free i imagine Chloe introducing Rachel to William Max x Warren @Deleted User go off Chloe deserves happiness but like with Rachel ^ selfish tsk tsk she wanted Joyce to live she accepted her fate she acknowleged that she's selfish if me and Dewqs are going down, y'all are coming with us in the damn tornado bruh Amber is not even with them physically . AmberPrice in the afterlife Bay > Not even bae to begin with i see zero chemistry with Pricefield Warren is good for Max WARREN IS HOT for Max Chloe is only hot for Rachel the two should reunite in spirit What @Deleted User said Arcadia Bay is beautiful and so therefore it should remain that way Just exterminate the Prescott family and everyones problems are solved Warren x Max is good Nah Yello Nevrakis ancestors be twinning if thats the case or tripleting??? that a thing? XD For those of us are who are old Pixelberry nostalgics, I finally caught up but now Im sad  Ah hell  HSS, Hollywood U, those were left unfinished  It was. They both were When Pixelberry was all about the Clash of Clans concept except with schools and youre not battling anyone. Youre just sending in-game characters on quests Despite those two being under the ownership of Electronic Arts But yes I remembered The Troublemakers and The Maskmaker. Good stuff  Cause of Death by Electronic Arts Good timezone! i dont see any rule against advertising another server so I'd say go for it just recently, a Storyscape server was advertised so i think its ok but probably only here in #general hmm, its Choices related so i guess, sure np just binge-watching The Big Bang Theory rn, wbu? ooh anime i didnt see it anywhere in the rules so i just assumed sorry that i did yeah i mentioned that forgot to mention that it was an admin xd honest to god, im still a discord noob so i never know the protocol, even after reading the rules of that server ooh viv approved anyway Not quite word for word, but dat foreshadowing tho u famous Oh ok here we go Across the Void REEEEEEEEEEEE xD High School Story Pixelberry's first ever game app as their own independent company C: And thats it folks ;-; sorry for the spam i'll delete them if it's an issue just wanted to share these welcome! @detok Welcome! @mellamaet Ooh this should be fun BSC 2 because of Sawyer Tf Thats just downright disrespectful and disgusting to the actual people with actual illnesses smh Its nothing to rp about BSC has Sawyer BSC has Sawyer ^ aww gawd ^ also ^ Ill be honest, whether BSC gets a book 3 or not doesnt faze me. I love Sawyer but like Im okay with it ending after two books. If it gets a third book, then its whatevs It was a struggle for me as well to memorize some of the acronyms or initials. My dumbass thought MC meant Minecraft for whatever reason lmfao @oge found it!!!!! Damn brb Ikr lol I love Mother Jennifer and her mother with an actual heart antics Ikr Exactly Mommy  Jennifer  will  be  great  role  model Welcome! @papaya xd there's no states at all Kyo lmao *if only* give the baby his binky You just gotta love Russians He still wont get squat tho lmao @oge i think that just about wraps it up xD np Happy day of birth! @**  Hope you get that prenup you always wanted  Lmao the timing of those responses @kyo hot like Satan Jr's ass for Southern California both XD ik its normal at this point for SoCal in October but im so over this heat i want hoodie weather to come back pronto there was one weekend where we had nothing but gloomy skies and drizzle and i fricken loved it SoCal really teased me like that smh done deal rip GIMME must be nice ^actually me tho Dont they all Agreed with Hilda, theres not enough gay male romance out there in the world of storytelling apps If I wanted to see that, Id play The Sims 3 or gain enough courage to play Coming Out on Top xd Oh yeah that too haha At least there you got to be the Father of the Year Unlike a certain book thats released every Friday smh Well if youre into MOTY, thats releasing today (depending on your timezone) Mother of the Year, you get to see all the happy-go-lucky adventures of a single mom and a smart ass daughter Deadbeat, like the cliche literature he is smh Anyway I do hope you feel better emotionally soon. Plenty of Choices books that can help you ease what youre going through And physically, can never forget that Ewwwwwww Are you in one of those AP/Honors classes? Rip Explains the summer homework And handwritten of all things, this isnt the Stone Age anymore No..thats not how it works Handwritten is using a pencil or other writing utensil. Typing is on a computer Are you kidding me? My schools relied on printing shit out I havent had to do handwritten writings since middle school High school is when teachers start hyping the MLA format and whatever crap For me anyway What kinda 19th century school do you go to that is just NOW using modern technology???? Im sorry but Im weirded out rn Grades online and printing essays has been the norm for me xd The irony is I have some classmates that cant even afford a nice printer at home so they gotta pay to use my school librarys printers Yeah they can be Listen to me, a spoiled American middle class college student not even knowing the struggles But anyway, I cant ever imagine writing 20 whole pages with just a pencil. Thats cruel and unusual Like Ive written in-class essays before but theyre a few pages and its only for occasions like finals week The way you worded it, is the public type of format? Like everyone in class can see them? Oh bc you were worried about your classmates seeing your Fs in Maths iirc XD Ah gotcha Rip Math sucks GL We have a No Child Left Behind type of method Basically we have to get tested at least once every year to be able to move on, if Im even interpreting that correctly Somehow we get improved test scores and Im not even sure how that even works Its some kind of witchcraft or something Something like that in the US as well. Ive only actually failed one class that was required in order to graduate high school and that was fricken geometry so I took that one summer school class I failed Spanish III and Precalculus and I was able to graduate anyway bc apparently, those arent important for four year colleges Even I barely get it Ive hated math since the beginning of time Yeah its kinda cool I blame my Spanish III teacher for ruining the language for me forever tho. Shes the reason why I failed bc her methods are shit Apparently Spanish They often had bad attitudes And I was never motivated because of it Every other teacher Ive had has been a little easygoing Foreign language is my biggest struggle Ive lost interest in Spanish and even my parents Vietnamese language a long time ago XD Im a horrible person I just simply dont care for the need to be bilingual tbh. It just seems like so much work and I already have enough on my plate to memorize I know, thanks for that But those people do tend to shame people like me on social media. Not directly targeting me but will say things like Its disgusting to only know one language like wow okay I didnt realize that your lifeline depended on that yeah well the only things that are gonna be on mine is Vietglish and Spanglish xd i too am from a viet household and my mom always blasts viet drama and stuff my whole life, yet my brain refuses to retain it like i can read Viet off of a piece of writing like a whole ass paragraph but can never come up with a whole ass sentence off the top of my head and i cant write either, there's also that. i can only copy lol that fact is probs true. according to my dad's home videos of Baby Me, i spoke up a vietnamese storm during that time, then thanks to being more exposed to a westernized culture at my elementary school and childhood tv shows on NickJr, my brain chose to stick with English only @azula you go girl! @MaxShadows shes in the psychiatric ward She didnt go into detail but that is her own business Cramming for an exam I have in an hour and 15 minutes but overall, peachy  YAY!  Mustve been a blast Im the only Thomas voter by far lmao I may not be into MOTY but he is fine as hell Wish I could pursue him as a fellow single father @MaxShadows Mother of the Year lmao @leitgo65 OH 2 will be releasing in a few weeks or so, before 2020, thats all I know. Then theres BOLAS also this winter and DS perhaps around early 2020 Oh and HSS CA on the 30th of this month Book 3 TE is having a holiday special And finally, only one very recent gen-unlocked book was AME 3 np hola Lets just hope the gender content gets better by the time Storyscapes is available for my country @kyo oh shit thanks for telling me that! I literally just checked the App Store and its finally here in the U.S.!!!!!!!!! Haha I havent checked since Monday and wow it took me this long to figure it out Ooh send the link plz ^ My dad and his sisters gave me their seasonal allergies Lol rip At least youll save money on shampoo DaDdy anyone? Tempted to keep the name Edgewater but idk Or I might rename it to Arcadia Bay from LiS @Raven SimCity 2013 Basically a strategy game where you can build up cities and watch them grow. Its really fun and Ive been really into it lately To name it Edgewater or Arcadia Bay  Ehh Ill sleep on it Hehe yup Still good imo Tho not so popular with the majority Cities Skyline is the most popular city-building game right now but it seems a little too overwhelming for me Id go with SimCity any day, no matter how much EA sucks sometimes Way better than twilight, for sure Cuc gm Ah I see what you did there BitLife  Omg yes But sadly like it is stated, theyre no longer in the App Store or even available for android devices Oooo Well then by all means, try them out Oof D&D and TRM being good books LMFAO  Im either diamond farming a certain day or Im genuinely enjoying a book Im sticking around a little while just to wait for the good content to come back but other than that, Ive been into Storyscape lately Mhm Especially X-Files Shit is cray Same here Along with the long ass road to BOLAS and DS i mean it ended a while ago xd Literally anything else > The Royal Series ^ Ugh i hate that i cant have him as a guy i mean male MC i hate that i cant have him as a male MC its just not the same ;-; welp its a hard genderlocked life, for us the smile? oof it never really did to begin with No More like a whole ass day ago lol Ok but Im pretty sure you were referring to that Cordonia conversation we had with Viv a few days ago At this point, it was two days ago for me You didnt respond until more than 24 hours later why am i like that always trynna be right and get the last word xd Nah, not really. Youd just be looking to talk about something you both have in common Confidently, might I add Nothing weird about that But it might also depend how well you know this person??? Ah so like completely strangers then Well then still, Im sure youll have no problem at all trynna talk about cars Oooo Yeah  Subtle XD homophobia mentality continues to baffle me ugh i saw that tweet but...uh...great job with protecting unborn fetuses only for them to end up in negligent foster care, ya pro-lifers realistically pro-birthers smh or being raped by a blood relative and people are concerned about homosexuality damaging the human race LMFAOOO ^BRUH TRUE so we can conclude: Abortion good. Homosexuality good. Human Race: a huge damn mess .__. fast and *furi*ous *furi*al friends Hello And welcome @Annabelle B Oh shit and many others Yeah that freaked me out a bit ngl No worries, same lol Heyo! Oop Yello Hullo Welcome! @johnk @kaitoo welcome! This is the place to be for that! XD we keepin this server alive  i was only in two or three of those and Benji just happened to be in them XD damn i only got to hear two of your voices  and they heard my hideous one lol math sucks you sound so British ik i was playing dumb XD ooo nope XD Thats what it is  @johnk we do about two polls per month to change the server icon Ah Ngl this is why I personally dont like that we can pick the gender of the LIs It can be so confusing the more Pixelberry does it Welp @azula in due time, dear leader  Winter I believe 2020 We have several obstacles before we get to the good stuff No srsly I wish that were an option *You have reached the end of Baby Bump. Thanks for aborting!* @essence nice introduction lol Man I love the BitLife game This is such an unfortunate name XD In my household, Christmas is all about the religious part of it .-. @KaiaLou agreed tho. I could do with less distant relatives that I barely know or talk to XD Well as a Catholic, I am obligated to say yes And mean it lol But yeah, I never had Santa in my childhood or even presents  And tbh, I dont mind Consumerism really has poisoned literally every holiday in existence United States: Oh Veterans Day is coming and you want to honor your great great grandfather who fought in WWII? Save 50% off on our usually expensive cars! And believe it or not, Im not too big a fan of Christmas music Dunno, I barely know who they are  if you live alone with a dog away from the nearest annoying civilization, we can be full fledged besties oof i relate to that on a spiritual level rip idk any school that doesnt let you at least have one week off during the week of christmas mine was also like that up until college now i have 3 depends on where you live if you happen to have heavy snow, then it varies, christmas or not i have a 3 week winter gap in between semesters mine varies every year but at least my school's calendar tells us ahead of time how long our breaks are Its practically summer still by the time I start the new year of school and it will remain summer until winter. Like we do not have autumn But yeah, August/September seems to be the main general start of the school year Not to mention the fact that my entire life, Ive had to spend my birthday on the first week of school /: I love that game even more now XD I mean I dont blame them Theyre not as easygoing or lenient as Pixelberry in terms of that They mean business and actually want business literally scat
/skat/
 Learn to pronounce
noun
noun: scat; plural noun: scats
droppings, especially those of carnivorous mammals.
"fresh bear scat" @Black Scepter You right tho oh god People just love to snatch a good deal Lol Theyre pulling out all the stops for the second movie coming out idiots its like they cant even read or are too stubborn to find an alternate route oof wtf lol welcome to Discord Yup Theres a special place in hell for people who do that on purpose welcome! @hasmxme yummy lmao Rip, Fr this time FFS As a Catholic, even Im tired of that. Seriously, Ive learned to mind my own business and respect others to their OWN beliefs Im not gonna be one of those who tries to shove it down someones throat ^ Never heard of such a case Thats why I always have to wear earbuds out in public ^ Im so sorry Omg it folds Ooo No but you can pick one up at your local church Huh, always thought Advent was a religion-only thing its pretty good, amazing graphics, nice styles and concepts, what-have-you i still prefer SimCity tho, despite so many of its flaws lol yeah advent is also a religious thing i bought a dog calender bc i wanna see doggos for every month c: TE cover good that sounds cool imo, it just seems like too much to keep track of yeah but more open world compared to SimCity hoo-rah for computer storage space somehow, HSS:CA Book 3 is winning o: for the poll icon i mean im surprised @KaiaLou none that I know of. Im certain you can search those up online and youll find a server invite code @Black Scepter fr tho, last i heard, "and i oop" originated from gay men? idek where i got that source Oof no one here knows the origins of and I oop XD oop Ah VSCO  Lol ... Bye nerd Why lol Thats so mean XD @Water Puppies whatever happened to leaving for 2 and a half weeks?  welcome back dude! @CoolCCMystery bitch, ive been posting in there a handful of times ok, only twice... Welcome! @kakyoins cherry Oop Oh shit were actually getting The Wolf Among Us 2 ASDFGHJKLAMBDKSKABAHSHSNSNS Rip Telltale but im glad those people were able to find work elsewhere and to continue that series Season 1s cliffhanger will NOT be left unresolved  AGH I CANT WAIT They did but their former employees formed a new company I believe Ye ye Thats up to you  ^ i mean Fine, wbu? Awie :WTFthonk: oof Rip so all in all, me and Doge are the only ones here who haven't seen a single star wars movie and tbh, i never wanna start doesnt seem appealing to me tbh Star Wars just isnt my thing too many scooby snaccs? lol Wtf lol Disagree but ok F some children dream of a WHITE Christmas but ya know what kids? Your homie Drew is getting a WET Christmas and I couldnt be more happier  That looks good yikes Ah damn, Im pissing off the dead @** welcome (back!)  Merry Chrysler Yes I had to be that person from 2018 Wtf is this a Black Friday: Monday Edition? ._. Stolen from @** in another server. Hope you dont mind    bruh  Jeez what shit timing Oop My timezone, 17 more hours  And like half of us are still stuck in the past  Time travel is real tho Well according to the future, it looks very violent ooh hooray for new year, new posessions i got only 9 hours left ;-;    Doge who gave you permission to talk when you were recently caught doing something scandalous this photo says otherwise :eyez: Five more fricken minutes for me! And Pacific Standard Time peeps finally caught up! Happy New Year ya skanks  https://youtu.be/PWfRu5YQahs we stan this incel i fell in love with this viral shit XD srsly someone come get their midget lmao i mean incel mhm i think he left right after joining rip same thing happened with DIVINE earlier F lol our convos always end when its time to switch channels anyway XD Hold up, Amoeba is homophobic? Gross Oof I just realized amoeba left lmao Good We dont tolerate that nonsense in this house Yeah HFTH is gross A whole ass town cannot be that one extra obsessive Christmas cult Yeah some people enjoy just to enjoy Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :shifty: ok seriously, what is with people coming in through #welcome-mat but leaving right after? They must be bots or fake accounts or something likely @Raven bruh they left the minute they joined smh Is that so? Interesting So lemme get this straight: their raids start off with dick pics and its all fun and games UNTIL they start using homophobic slurs Wow Bizarre xd Google Chrome  :Pirate: oooooo scary idek who he's talking to xd im confused now what is life ouch @azula lol at the time, i saw it said you were playing Google Chrome i dont think anybody??? im probably a baby compared to y'all oof Im Z then ??? yeppers ewww Karens throw a fit over the smallest of youth situations um no when i have a problem with certain services, i actually keep my mouth shut and deal with it XD Karens are wack yes basically LEMME SPEAK TO YOUR MANAGER oof Viv https://tenor.com/view/why-not-both-gif-11478682 CAN YOU CALL YOUR SUPERVISOR my mom is somewhat of a karen especially at supermarkets smh F BUT WHY IS THAT ALSO MY MOM??? @azula not to mention our house is cluttered with rando furniture items we dont even use just bc someone threw it outside of their house with a sign that says "FREE PLEASE TAKE" my dad was born in the 50s and my mom in the 60s. can anyone enlighten me? xd and holy hell, im 19 they had me hella late in their lives i'd like kids before 30 hell, id think id be somewhat fit as a single parent if i cant land a husband oof adopting good it really is oh wow for the USA, these are the basic requirements: The prospective foster/adoptive parents may be single or married and must: be at least 21 years of age, financially stable, and responsible mature adults, complete an application (staff will assist you, if you prefer), but you can raise them to be GOOD o: mhm hence "awkward teen years" that would be preferable i have not seen this name in ever? xD hola @oge peep my spotify song from LiS2 Benji do a meetup o it plays during the scene where Sean Daniel and i forgot his name as he drives the two brothers out of Washington to Arcadia Bay @oge yup @Water Puppies we reviving it, deal with it  yes i mean there's that one dude who returned when i look down at the 103 people under Offline, i wonder what happened to them beats me when im bored, i scrolled up this channel and #choices-chat and there seemed to be more activity and more active people in early 2019 and 2018 summer XD God is getting feisty im active most of the time, depending if i wanna share Choices stuff or other things i'll check out any channel if it lights up my mom is still hounding on me to get a part-time job WHILE im in community college rip Fox News is a joke nobody should take them srsly LMFAO imagine me being smart enough for  UC nah CSU for me exactly im saving money rn by going to community college to begin with ya-yeet im too much of a wuss to work i stil live with my parents im a dependent at my age, thats pretty normal but damn Benji rip @ lilli cant argue with that people just come up with small excuses disability peeps are either overlooked or underlooked, never in between USA can be wack itd be nice for me to get out there and DO SOMETHING so that way, i can pay for my own chiz one day tho true tho @oge retail honestly sounds tolerable imho @oge true but maybe i can be a back-room kinda dude id be down for restocking, so long as im not in the main store itself surrounded by humans oof i want nothing to do with that shit ): unless you work at home video game testing tho but at least, i get to do something i actually love whether its working my way around a controller or a keyboard, i think i can tolerate fellow gamers mhm i can still acknowledge my hatred of human interaction but i do it anyway i mean my social issues havent been serious to the point where i needed to take meds for it, so im actually good Life philosophy: Cs get degrees @KaiaLou sure go ahead i've felt your pain so many times honestly just find an empty room and just chill out there until you leave oooohhhh its a public location ewwwwwwwww i assumed it was someone's house xd Yikes @KaiaLou damn how bizarre @azula hawt Haha I dont blame you. His mysterious aloof kinda vibe does something to ya  OMFG DONT EVEN GET ME STARTED ON DRACO AND ZUKO nghhhhhh Very very true Im gay as hell but even I can acknowledge they have that alluring kinda vibe?  Jade is the top with both males and females, watchu talking about Yeah just random words in all caps More like three adjectives and that one pair of initials  oh HELL naw https://tenor.com/view/simpsons-wrong-answer-homer-red-button-gif-10856212 you are entitled to your opinion, even if its wrong lol poor BB tho  everyone needs to vote for literally anything but BaBu :considering: not yet released PB hasnt emailed it yet Eww TRM TRM snoozefest And dont hold your breath Lilli. I couldnt care less about it being genderlocked at this point. Even if I was able to play as a male, Id find it just as boring as ATV and PTR Thats exactly what I said about you with BaBu! What a coincidence  Whatever bish :shifty: Ikr Its BaBu ffs Idrc Its disgusting ^ Clint shalt not win  @Brohepsi ikr poll's rigged, im calling it somebody doesnt know what a joke is not all jokes are funny i dont expect any laughs, especially you of all people stop taking everything so srsly you do realize i wasnt being serious when i said it was rigged right? again "joke" @oge one can only hope in theory my life yes and the book's icon lol ooh Google Images does not disappoint and im not even into star wars xd any uniform can be sexy if you put your mind to it  :0 ah space? cowboy?! ngggghhhh hoo-rah @Altair bruh why tf did you just break down my entire life story when it comes to internet use? I did not ask for the attack :OOF: I mean if youre gonna begin a sentence with When I was your age... you were just asking for the attack  Cute? xd That was me when I was born, wym So 24/7 of my entire life? Agreed Get a room you two :eyez: nuuuuuuuuuuuuu i mean why not she graduated feels bad only you can check the age i believe XD i dunno ;-; i've never been the owner of a server pfffft hold up, you have a boyfriend AND a crush or are they the same one person? xd she already saw in #robo-lab-bots @literal legend. @azula oooo omfg XD sorry i couldnt help but chuckle irl oh damn we stan Jonjamin Big Rey and Kylo XD he'll give you a force that'll be with you alright ehhhhhh i mean i kinda like it but idk opposites shouldnt always attract tho abusive? black is sexy oh damn half the time Family Guy is almost never serious god, the poor things  @azula Im 19 At one point, Taylor and Adam Young from Owl City admitted to have crushes on each other through songs and I WAS ALL FOR IT Id rather elope surrounded by friends  My family is somewhat iffy on gay people so I doubt Id want to invite them to my wedding xd Thats why I only want my friends Holy shit that dress tho  And yeah its sad that half of the world still remains extremely conservative when it comes to gay marriage Yeah some countries feel conflicted. Tel Aviv Israel is the most gay friendly city in all of the Middle East yet their country doesnt perform weddings and yet acknowledge weddings performed OUTSIDE of Israel Its actually very fascinating Taiwan is hella progressive compared to the rest of Asia Hey, single parents FTW Bruh Viv  The movie Storks does an amazing job at representing all the different types of parents like holy moly, I love that movie Hetero couples, gay couples, single parents, etc @Tyr yes I highly recommend that movie Its not that bad I cant stay up past 2 or 3 My sleep schedule is fucked and Im trynna fix it since Im back in school Btw I love Vivs stories XD Literally just finished reading them all Liar, you knew what you were doing when you posted that  And FYI Benji, I was raised in an Asian household to be a morning person. I now have a mindset where I do everything I want to or need to during the day and at night, I just wanna sleep. I can never be a night owl XD WWIII is coming And Im in California rip @red hot silly pepper lets drive a Humvee off a cliff together ^ Yeah Id like to get out of community college in one piece, tyvm Yikes Yeah each country teaches it differently No school is perfect Public school rip Theyre just more expensive Hells expansive And exclusive Surprisingly not all private schools are faith-based But yeah I agree Viv My public high school is considered elite in the entire state but we have shitty morals and standards Oop XD She had it coming  *Australia has joined the chat* Plot twist: ITS BOTH Sounds cool XD Omfg seeing those koalas and wallabys  and kangaroos made my heart hurt Forgive me if I spelled it wrong Ye All about respect over there ;-; Earthquakes Tsunamis That country is prone to everything And theyre smart enough to have a whole ass advanced infrastructure slowly becoming earthquake-proof :aww: XD She got BUSY I would think so? Depends on the person youre seeing Dont get a sketchy dude :OOF: Except for flat people Ah the human body, no matter the gender, thou is a heartless bitch :LMFAOdead: I wish I could stop growing body/facial hair TF Why cant I be one of those clean Asians smfh My dads leg hair manages to behave but not his facial hair And he asks me to color his graying hair  Me neither XD I still havent shaved mine Maybe thats why I dont wear shorts anymore, no matter the time of year It is All Asians are Viv lol Really? :0 Im ok with staying with black hair XD Redheads are  Gingers are underrated Awie Cya Doge Gl I WISH I was my dog Bastard doesnt know how good he has it XD Ken wasnt so bad looking either XD Wait wut Lmao Lack of dick energy My parents only gave me the masculine toys oof Barbies were just something I messed around with whenever visiting my female cousins lol The name rings a bell  Oh no I didnt ;/ lol Ugh childhood, why did you leave us YES I still have the square shaped flipping GameBoy but lost the charger so now its battery remains dead to this day Theyre still around? xd Oop Ive been missing out Fetch me a price I forgot and I dont wanna get out of bed to check XD Found off of google images but I have this one Just looking at it makes me feel all nostalgic The games I would play were based off of childhood movies. Chicken Little, Finding Nemo, Over the Hedge, The Incredibles, Monsters INC, etc DS = Downs Syndrome :WTFthonk: Oh god no That is the accurate genre tho lmao Anyway I should hit the hay now. I still have class tomorrow. Good night yall!  :GAY: Go all Open Heart on him Fake a breakdown in a supply closet No see the way I capitalized Open Heart? Im talking about the book XD #open-heart Im terrible at references Oh you DID understand my reference xd God Im slow ): F Smexy Ye Yikes Damn the comparison tho Smh The sad truth Yeah xd Its a very serious issue  and backward minded people need to open their eyes because its more common than they think. Its not some made-up excuse :LMFAOdead: They have no idea They really dont, half the time Smh Its ok when the illness sufferer makes fun of themselves but others arent allowed to do it? Genuine question Fake it till you make it: words to live by Me out in public If only it was that easy @azula phat mood about the dog It may or may not have almost happened to me before Speaking of dogs, my dad named our new robot vacuum after my dog and its the cutest notification on my phone whenever it says RoombaRusty has finished its job. Ironically Rusty is scared shitless of the vacuum whenever it comes towards him All dogs are like that with Roomba tho lol It kinda does but it still cant get into small spaces like behind the toilet in the bathroom So I still gotta sweep With my trusty broom It actually still can, which is why whenever Im still home and hes not around, my dad asks me to watch it closely and make sure that it doesnt get stuck xd same i totally have not been using a probably illegitimate website that streams free movies and tv shows thus not spending any money whatsoever so is being modded on mobile games yet here you are still still a pirate to begin with back in the day https://ww1.123movies.link/123movies-4?utm_campaign=status_page&utm_medium=status_page&utm_source=status_page you're welcome kids @azula "itty bitty titty committee" a real tongue twister xD maybe they have a secret craving for breastmilk "Drink breastmilk. It'll quench ya. Nothing's quenchier. ITS THE QUENCHIEST!!!" they make you jelly? :c or are they a burden o omfg thanks for that mental image xd F ok ok, message seen and heard xD but lemme do a wee internet search "The series focuses on the modern world's reaction to a man, who first appears in the Middle East claiming to be the eschatological return of 'Isa (Jesus). His sudden appearance and apparent miracles spark a growing international following, casting doubts around who he really is, a case investigated by a CIA officer." O Medhi Dehbi right? bc if so, then u right  wow Belgian AND Tunisian hnnnnnghhhhhh yeah just by reading that premise, it seems bad actor is good looking but the overall show is yeesh Humans... @azula you mean the ISIS BitLife thing? Oh BitLife is a really cool life simulator game only  its through a bunch of texts, words, and decision-making concepts! Its both hilarious and serious at the same time But who were you referring to when you asked if something happened? @azula oh so you know how I said BitLife can be hilarious? Well theres a common interaction you can have with in-game friends when they confess to you that theyre joining ISIS, you get three choices. Support them, report them to proper authorities, or unfriend them XD Oml no Lmfao He plays BitLife too so he making a joke :3 Oh damn! I found about BitLife before joining Vivs server and it was through an ad I was watching on Choices to earn diamonds XD @Deleted User bish you can join anytime. This is #general after all lol My high schools restrooms are disgusting to this day. Ever since the year I graduated, they managed to become even worse How tf do those snot-nosed little freshman get poop on the damn ceiling Im so glad I left my high school behind Oh I was talking about my school sorry Nah I am Goes to show both genders have shitty etiquette in public restrooms I cant imagine what its like at home with their families Maybe they put on an act for their parents but become slobs the minute they step onto their schools campus grounds ._. greetings o great leader i have no class today so im a happy camper this winter intersession, im only taking one class since i wanna take it easy and its only three days a week Mon-Wed so i can still be busy while having a life and enjoying it ye ugh and i have to update my college transfer application with the most current grades ;-; tru ^i felt that well only the Asians in here xd like at home, i try my best to behave, but outside of my family, i swear and cuss like theres no tomorrow im too timid to piss off my parents ;-; XD my parents are lucky my music tastes arent that oof i listen to some indie and electronica and my parents almost never say anything @oge im proud to say my dad likes that i listen to Santa Monica Dream from the LiS OST XD my parents hate anything with swear words and sexual references XD ironically i only have one "explicit" song in my playlist well damn Viv xD @Altair answer ze question mom doesnt care but your dad makes fun of your music taste? @oge my mom had the audacity to call Mt. Washington by Local Natives, also from LiS OST, "BORING" ;-; my parents have never criticized my music other than my mom calling that one song boring but thats about it XD they have their tastes, i have my own and we respect that i feel you Doge, but i shrug it off and play it on Bluetooth anyway whenever i have to drive my parents somewhere XD Loki  is the Asgardian God of Mischief, supervillain, the adopted brother/archenemy of Thor, and a major enemy of the Avengers. He is a recurring antagonist in the first three seasons, and the main antagonist of  Season 4:  Secret Wars. had to copy and paste that bc Avengers arent my cup of tea lmao o my god  thats awesome imagine Shazam using the smolder Shazam just being on the movie poster blowing a bubble is smexy as hell yeah thats right :eyez: i have no shame im a :Thot: for superheroes in tights HOLY MOLY HIM TOO OMG Rami Malek is hhhnnnnnnnnggggggghhhhhh i love that meme tho XD and yeah Rami Malek was amazing as Kenny from War at Home he plays a gay disaster and i relate to about half of those struggles oh wow o: Oh damn! Flawless even Holy moly Dat yellow tho Get them all Viv ya thirsty Joe Leave mah mama out of this ;-; Shoot Its still there Hilda #music Smh Damn bish, rulebreaker My mama told me to stay away from people like you o.o *yet here I am anyway* XD Welcome @feel @ill miss you rae we know. Thats how these bots work lmao @azula thanks, i just want this shit to end already both Iran and US need to chill tf out we been knew he's a sociopath *Buffering...* no wonder media is blowing it out of proportion and SOCIAL media are calling it WWIII yeah it just gives more ideas its entertainment not the good kind tho more like a freak show except no one is paying to watch it FOX should never be taken seriously they're not real news its clownery propaganda only right-winger based anyway im just hoping if we do make it to November 2020, my vote better count so that we can get that fake tanned manchild with a dead cat stapled to his head out of office. he's a disgrace and a disaster the entire Trump administration is a dumpster fire :WTFthonk: :shifty: Candy ass Ass candy Idek LMFAO Y Ooo xd F 9 days late but happy 2020 to you too lol tru @azula oh yeah maybe I shouldve worded it more correctly. That website I use doesnt stream per se. youll only find certain new stuff that has been on TV or in theatres for several weeks/years My bad sorry Its not guaranteed to have everything youre looking for https://ww1.123movies.link/movie/XOj0FTxI/WWZb72TJ-rocketman-2019 you sure you couldnt find it? @azula ah ok my fault for assuming its the right one yeah ngl, this website isnt always reliable but i still use it anyway xd XD then yay! YW  lol i havent seen it so i wouldnt know xd oml i just started Season 2 of the tv series Manifest on that site and HOLY SHIT, i cant express how glad i am the show is back!!!!!!!!!!!! basically all these passengers on a commercial airline suddenly disappear and have been missing, presumed dead for 5 and a half years. they come back to a world where everyone and everything in their lives have moved on and so now they must re-adjust, all the while dealing with visions and callings inside their head. this supernatural drama is amazing all in all, they time traveled and/or flew into a wormhole of some kind plot twists around every corner it is i love it ye @KaiaLou still looks delicious  Cake is  Lowkey I miss the company cake my dad used to bring home once a month back when he was working It was so good and the one thing I looked forward to every month XD His company would celebrate coworkers birthdays all in one day every month and the sugar content is too much for my aging dad so he would just bring the leftovers home for me. It was a great way to celebrate coming home from high school Shit your government cares that much about the elderly? What a time to be alive XD Ah gotcha Damn they living large Yeah makes sense Pretty good, planning a movie hangout with some irl friends the next day so Im getting out there and being social lol Hbu? Yeee Heres to a chillin weekend I dont watch anything with my parents. Everything my mom watches is in Vietnamese and my dad watches Vietnamese stuff and military-themed movies and I have no interest in either of those lmao Theyre aight My movie tastes almost never correlate with theirs apart from that one time both me and my dad got into World War Z and I also love Home Alone along with both my parents You usually do xd Gotta do my morning chores now so Ill be allowed to go over to my friends house for movie day  Ive been craving for some amigos time lately Have you ever tried telenovelas? Oh oops Im uncultured sorry Oh well again I say, Im uncultured XD :OOF: You should see Vietnamese historical fiction dramas where most of the time, its just rich landowners abusing their labor workers. No joke its just a bunch of whipping, screaming, hitting, committing suicide over a lost loved one etc etc It really is Yup The guys arent bad looking either XD Oh yeah definitely, more motorcycles than cars That an actual product? Because I have never heard XD Ooo Well damn Id never drink alcohol in general but wow that is bizarre XD True tho Some are harmless tho so Id be okay with one wrapping around my shoulders lmao Ive had a harmless snake on me before and Ngl, its like wearing a really heavy scarf lol A really scaly one at that  Ferrets are adorable  OMFG VIV For me its the complete opposite I have straight up conversations with my dog and my parents are right there judging me XD A very floofy Pomeranian Wbu? Awie! My pom is 14, hes oolllllldddddd  Oh smexy F Dogs live way too short Its unfair Shes resting up in Puppy Paradise you were desperate to get free stuff on BitLife XD oh you mean the emoji i think XD @azula oof stay safe! Nuuuuuuuu Volcanoes are wack natural disasters Best of luck. Volcanoes are bullies Theyre so mean Doggos safety are a #1 priority ;_; Awie :aww: I mean I know Ive hit bottom when my nightmares are about accidentally missing college classes I dreamt that some force didnt even let me leave home to go to school at all xd And I hate that it was like some horror movie lmao lol https://tenor.com/view/tough-helmet-life-lifes-hard-hit-gif-4805780 uh thats a "you" problem   Honestly there were so many versions of Titanic films Ive lost count xd @BigHutchHO happy birthday ya gay ass hoe  Oh great so both the Australian PM AND the Philippines leader are useless incompetent morons while neglecting their respective countries current natural disasters :OOF: Blows your mind right? Its basically the hottest place on the planet right now @oge explain Viv put it in here for a reason, are you calling her a liar? :eyez: XD what do you think i've been doing? its called playing along  keep up grandpa smh you're no fun no u :reverse: :reverse: :reverse: :OOF: Ended with book 2  || Well theres a marriage proposal with your respective LI and then you get an epilogue of every characters future || @azula Same Doge Np It really is tho Its gross BaBu? Oh ok gimme a sec Yup Well if I must *braces myself* Yup you got it all White, Asian, and Black Clint Also male and female Mayor Dixon ugh she left the server, dont even bother sure ^ sorry Sumire ): no the issue is it wasnt taken to DMs but you tried to continue it here to #general its only political if you MAKE it political there was no racism in MOTY tho @KaiaLou ok but wtf is vomit doing in that bathroom of yours? someone having a rough day/night? crystal  wdym its still normal sized for me im on PC rn so maybe thats why its still normal for me welp then you trippin  nah its still normal sized for me wow viv XD turbovirgin i love that damn this is a whole ass reunion dammit beat me to it Viv XD also hi, ive been a newbie since August 2019 dont mind me just being irrelevant here AME imho if and when it comes back oop bc BB got a third book ah then you're all caught up ew BaBu im sorry gross YEEEE BSC2 ended on such a sweet note and ew BP yikes YEEEEEEEE damn you're basically all caught up with everything we do have two brand new books incoming and two sequels which includes a book 2 of OH yes it is "Noah fence" :LMFAOdead: punny but same honestly i wanna be hooman HOPEFULLY THIS OCT they did 2019 dirty with the lack of IL3 instead we got TRM so yeah I want more of the Power of Oregon! yeah remember when people thought it was gonna be about badass murders and shit boy were they wrong Sawyer hot Class Act? or the first one? yeah true OMFG I DID PARKER  maybe im into goody-goodys ;-; but nah the MC is a snoop TF was just a bunch of drama and in HSS, the only time you'll hear about homework and studies is if you avoid the diamond choices awe Viv :OOF: yeet congrats! oh yeah i forgot my last name is in my discord user info XD well you unintentionally got my last name correct so  Viv Wong aww Viv XD oh god thats very unfortunate this is even sadder poor Kent tho ah ok Hi my class let out early after a quiz, Im sitting in a car that reeks of recyclables with monetary value, send help I know the pain  Because economy ;-; awie and yeah black baby daddy is winning smh and the BaBu MC is setting a bad example lmfao make him pay hella child support XD omfg xd Meh I hope they do Looking on Facebook I see nothing but likes loves and angry reacts on every BaBu post Ngl they are So many Facebook moms, its so surreal The Angry reacts on every BaBu post makes it worthwhile lol And yes they are Maybe Hilda had a point.. I only ever liked Sean from ES but thats about it Crusty blond guys :LMFAOdead: But yeah Sean good True @azula I picked Male Asian Hayden and he was  we Stan Fiona Fiona can kick ass NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOH MEXICAN FOOD, MY FAVORITE WTF LMFAO "Fuck the dragon Donkey" :LMFAOdead: i just realized the group name Shronk Shronky-poo :OOF: honestly who are they even trying to pander to? there's really no need for stupid beauty standards. wack "snooty" um ok Simon https://tenor.com/view/simon-cowell-back-off-cross-demon-britains-got-talent-gif-12932058 at least hes memeable oh god the "N" word incident oop ikr yikes nah you aint the only one Doge we just hear about them but dont watch them i dont watch a lot of TV anymore anyway OMFG i heard Squidward's voice just now https://tenor.com/view/squidward-twerking-my-happy-dance-smiling-gif-15630588 rip sometimes Oops Actual rip Jeez O I listen to Owl City, Coldplay, Avicii, and Lights It really is God theres so many S H R O N K :aww: So we just gonna ignore Girls/Girls/Boys? The music video also good  Especially directors cut Omg Maybe I will give the second movie a chance then Of course (; Damn now I wanna see it  Yes about Tangled Thats amazing I never have birthday parties lmao Too people-y @azula did yall launch floating lanterns at the party? Oh oof Wouldnt be a Tangled themed party without them Meh I could take long ass breaks from people AND food if I could I dont do any personal recreational crap thats gonna end up forming cobwebs in my wallet so Everyone in this server? XD Gorgeous Viv You dont sound enthusiastic XD OMFG YES  Ooh homecooked And wow Damn Im the only one here who never had to take any big named brand meds My parents believe in the concept of sucking it up. No need for meds at all About the food? @kyo XD Ive been medless since the beginning of time And Im somewhat okay Oops O Fingers crossed Oh yeah you could not stop going on about American psych hospitals XD Yeah thats a thing here Oh lord We do Were very liberal so we try and have everything Mental health talk Adam Ye Guess Im the only one here who never needed to go to a hospital as a patient of any form oops I somehow turned out normal. Never broke anything, never broke down, that sort of thing Bitch its only 9:37 PM PST Idk wym Furi Yup 3 hour difference between both sides of the USA Yup Southeast But like the Deep South Then again Georgia isnt that bad compared to the rest of the Deep South Florida is wack Theres literally something in the Florida states water Idek what All California has are bears coyotes and wolves :/ Lmao And Im in the area that never catches fire so WTF Viv XD Snakes are also wack XD Then Disney actors really get into their roles, its amazing Oof We are Weve got everything Even a fricken fault line that is long overdue oops Disney is the next Buy N Large ITS YOUR SUPERSTORE WITH ALL YOU NEED Scrat was hilarious wym Raelly guys? Were doing this? For rael? This has already gone off the raeils Oops The kyo-illing kind I will steal Zac from you Yall are just jealous of his washboard abs Ooh Dave Franco is also good Especially as Harry from Spider-Man He was adorable in Spider-Man Both are good tho God I love that gif Also hot Furi Oh my Id rather not I have allergies right now so I cant taste anything anywhere  NO Oh god :jebus: Not California Too expansive But we have Sky high prices so yeah Chicago has murdered children every few weeks I like how Furi asked where to move in America and we begin our answers with Not Washington sounds lit tho Id love Oregon too. Rain everyday  :LMFAOdead: I love California Ngl but jeez expensive l Canada good Alaska is getting warmer tho. Oops global warmin Alaska is republican anyway  Well yeah Vietnam is wack The other way around Adam?  True tho California has conservatives and Im like ew where did they come from Im driving up a hill where my neighborhood is and occasionally I see some old white dude walking up the street wearing full on trump gear and its gross California is hella liberal and democratic with a few conservative cults here and there I love how conservatives love to talk shit about California when its the only state churning out more money for the economy :LMFAOdead: Like ok I get it, your racist and bigoted ways havent earned you much money. Whose fault is that? I never wanna put any of that shit inside of me No alcohol, no smokes, no vapes. None of that crap I hate that my community college is smoke friendly  F How do yall even find escape and comfort through those things? Have you even TRIED listening to music or even cuddling with an animal? Bruh or even simple daydreaming and spacing out Again I ask Have you even tried the alternatives? That doesnt involve certain liquids and gases being put into you I mean you guys do you I guess Nobody is gonna be making me do it anytime soon I dont dance in public Ill dance like an escaped mental patient when doing chores alone but thats about it Dammit Jessica 19 Who let me grow up tf I did not give consent Eww Ill be two decades old in August  Same Kyo Oops Im the oldest sibling and I still know jackshit about adulting apart from filling up a tank with gas and running errands by myself Oh and voting I remember surprising Altair by saying Im in community college and Altair is like oh thank god now I dont feel old  Only time I lied about my age was just to get Text chat permissions on Wizard101 :LMFAOdead: Before even turning 13 I first used a PS2 at 7 or 8 COD3 was lit I had both the gray and blue GameBoy Advance Oof Oh lord Skype Same Rae Discord was so foreign to me when I first started Discord was wack for newbies Now Im pro ICQ? I still need an explanation lmao I have never heard of ICQ The only oldest chat thingy I remember was MySpace Not me lol Well I think I do? My familys home videos are still on tapes oops Well shit Im getting wrinkles now I miss having that TV in my room But my PC works just fine and its basically my only entertainment center apart from my phone I wonder whatever happened to that PS2 I sold a long time ago Also my Wii Memories True tho Kyo lol  Well guess what Doge I feel like staying up until my frocken battery gets killed XD 10:39 PM here Me and Kyo are in the same state Ewww Military time Errr what its called 24 hour clock Whatever that witchcraft is Military time is witchcraft. So is writing the day before the month and using the metric system XD I only know the Wither tho Idk Witcher oops Kyo youre killing me  Im the dumb Asian here not you Im the one whos shit at math and doesnt know how to use chopsticks. Youre supposed to be the genius Kyo HE DID IT Well Im ugly and sad so eat it Kyo Not even for pho? Kyo? The creatures that destroy military planes according to lore lmfao Mac n cheese sounds so good rn Wtf kyo lmao Jo Ugh same Kyo Guess I should follow suit too Gn yall Dont do drugs (anymore) And dont drown F February; likely OH2 and DS Not entirely sure yet They havent set a month for those two so February Hinge i think ive heard of that but also lmao about the apk XD does it have LGBT preferences ooo probably but idk maybe certain brand name screens require its own special tools BOLAS  nah AME will likely wrap up this month BaBu unfortunately still has a long way to go and BB will start up again this weekend so yes those two oh yeah that December and January *shivers* yes BB3 BB Christmas wrapped up already TRM already won tho oop its book cover won anyway i think? i also remember blonde female Hunter winning but idk no back in November or so idk obviously i dont think they're done announcing just yet and their names ye yeah no funny business samesies uwu we shall see c: yeet! aww damn curse those cursed ads they have many more genres yo not just romance Thank god for PB learning to organize urgh same preferably with a scruffy look instead of the usual clean and prim proper look for both genders yeah we still knowing nothing about when those VIP books will become public Hot Couture and With Every Heartbeat Yeah smh XD What happens exactly if the server gets boosted and why is that notification in the #welcome-mat ?  If you dont know and I dont know, then same  Like what exactly O Uff I just realized its changing @KaiaLou honestly same. Allergies are a bitch Ugh same currently My throat feels sore from having to breathe through my mouth all night because my nose was congested Allergies are the fricken worse  Not a far fetched theory But yeah oof Oof good luck i stand by my choice ah ok :dva: oh joy, that could mean anything do you have a clue on what it might be? oop wow didnt expect that ooh ok it'd be so weird hearing that from extended family who also happens to be in the same workplace as you xd and O best of luck :/ cant argue with uberbot good bot its rare PB makes an animation in their content unless its a promo the most you see are walking, moving arms, changing expressions, etc Omg YES! DUFFY the way he raises his gun at the screen is epic :WTFthonk: it wont be long until they become deviant good bot XD o oops they woke up they became deviant https://tenor.com/view/detroit-become-human-connor-troubled-gif-12412482 hehe https://tenor.com/view/connor-dbh-cute-happy-gif-14749566 :aww: god i love that precious good boi When you have a metallic friend with four tires Aww Next time lead with that Benji xd Oof Omg Adopt uwu Smh Theres always gonna be abandoned babies, legal abortion in that country or nah Aww Holy crap Thats for sure XD I used to duck under tables and stood up too early, thus earning myself a bunch of bumps on my head Um define hot mom Because mines 53 and screams at me like a banshee for a hobby Oh and my moms way too conservative in terms of clothing and lifestyle. She loves to be in the kitchen and doesnt try to keep up with the youngsters Wears her own old people shit BRUH SAME With my mom Asian moms anyway XD Oops My mom doesnt play games, shes either on Facebook stalking everyone she hates or is FaceTiming her toddler niece And then theres my dad whose favorite pastime is trolling pro communist Facebook pages :LMFAOdead: Hes loving his retirement yall Man our parents are very peculiar Awie :aww: We stan parents that get along with our pets Now THATS a doggo parent xd They can be At times My dad whos in his 60s knows more about computers than me so Not my mood tho, Im too ugly for teen-like selfies Mines 68 THATS old He did Pfffft Jons older than me That doesnt count Im 19 and my dads 68 which says a lot Anyway he spent a lot of time just trynna build up his new American life before settling down and having a family so thats pretty admirable I can never get away with that kind of talk with my parents lmfao :LMFAOdead: Lord Im so sheltered compared to the rest of yall Its uncanny for sure :OOF: People say I look more like my dad Aww Kyo   Viv must be protected Oop Lil bit Oh wow oops oooo ugh all this tech-splaining hurts my dumb Asian head lmfao but yes DBH good so. many. routes. but its awesome my optimistic ass prefers the happier ending and i never have the heart to see what the bad endings are like ;-; yeah thats when you see that OTHER version of Connor i forgot what model he is tho xd well they spend their money on it, they do whatever they want ok yeah feigning surprise is lame at least do a blind playthrough first with genuine reactions and THEN go for the best ending walkthrough after doing research true doge i used RabidRetrospectGames for that sometimes commentary can be so extra and annoying PewDiePie is a great example uff the ones that actually keep silent during important dialogue scenes RadBrad is cool we been knew xd cant argue with that JackSepticEye started playing BitLife a few weeks ago and im LOVING it i'd watch it ooh hell yes xd XD there're three campaigns: American British and Soviet and you're welcome for the suggestion Doge XD  Rae isnt even here XD :3 -_- https://tenor.com/view/meh-mediocre-so-so-kinda-maybe-gif-13935570 Sounds neat @Deleted User im in community college rn and lemme admit, its hella chill rn well then.... > You got 5 out of 9 right!
> Middle school graduate!
> You crushed this quiz, nice work! You remember basically everything from middle school science class. Congrats, you've officially graduated! dumb Asian energy have i ever mentioned how much i hate Punnett squares? i barely remembered shit lmao who willingly converts to math? :considering: math is evil math is even worse when it combines numbers AND letters  math is a jerk oh god im getting high school flashbacks get them away from me baby Jack OML :aww: RE is AMAZING tho The innocence of dogs  @KaiaLou when do you think youre able to drive yourself places? Ooh nice Best of luck happy birthday KYO  o XD LMFAO VIV my birth was easy and simple i think, i was a boring baby damn y'all were problematic babies my parents never told me my time oop now i wanna ask them more DELETE I HATE THOSE INSTA BOTS Insta bots are the worse usually the accounts are hella fake they were re-distributed from elsewhere kinda like Facebook fake accounts stealing other people's shit to make themselves look legit never trust those DMs have fun Kyo XD even tho those channels have been hella dry Doge likes to act innocent right Doge  im loving how more alive this server is becoming ^^^ tell your doggo i also said happy birfday dogs deserve everything AWIE SUSHI IS GOD TIER XD SUSHI WHOLESOME ASDFGHJKL  movie theater?????? very slick Viv i almost got all my friends killed while driving them home so turns out, flooring it at a yellow light is never a good idea we all out here living dangerously, having a run-in with the cops, getting in near vehicular accidents uwu i have never had a run in with the law c: o_O i dont get out a lot so it explains why i never feel the need to go crazy like that im still a virgin oop XD @ Doge and zee better off the way no pressure whatsoever || Viv, you once revealed your dad found your vibrator || XD i remember reading that and yeah, the popular girls at my school have had rumors spread about them doing it for the first time with college boys in a fucking pool they really do smh i mean- i've seen worse so yeah you good "zeeterus" :LMFAOdead: ^ issa struggle probably just you mine is working fine https://youtu.be/jX3iLfcMDCw @azula bless their hearts @KaiaLou occasionally ;-; Cute! Oof Attention Facebook moms: GET BETTER TASTES IN BOOKS Conversations continued from #choices-chat And yeah very true Oops sorry! Facebook has become filled with old boomers tho that cant really provide good arguments on certain social issues Smh Uh Oh god the toxic clout is real but mostly on Twitter  From my experiences I dont use Reddit Im ashamed lmao XD :LMFAOdead: You just have to be careful and not add any weirdos as friends And I have friends and close family on there so thats why I keep it And Im rarely on Tinder anymore lmao All the guys on there are just horny, both heteros and homos @MaralinaSakura that is very stalker-ish lol TikTok is Vines ugly ass grandchild Vine did not sign up for that legacy Vine was  i watch only one very underrated gaming youtuber whose name isnt even known on a mainstream platform xD its no wonder Youtubers have fled to Twich and gn Viv XD Welcome back Max! Imagine Heyo No Maralina ;-; No one needs BaBu on their birthday  NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU You better be :eyez: God I love BitLife  Doge pls stop reminding me of your weirdass BitLife escapades  :jebus: Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure You made the choice Nobody wants it Still exists tho I dont take public transportation but Ive heard of it XD Your country probs knows better Was it a crowded bus at the time? Eww fuck him Youd be surprised Doge Maybe?  A slowly escalating argument Oop ANYWAY I get no class tomorrow thanks to MLK Day whoop whoop Yes we stan Long Geralt Martin Luther King you uncultured swines Oh wait yall arent American Stop XD Tf XD Youre good Dude he had no king in his name It was just Martin Luther Martin Luther was that Lutheran dude Martin Luther King was a civil rights activist We Americans simply have a school day off because MLK was an icon in the black rights movement Honestly it was a huge thing back in the day So we observe it by not going to school xd I dont question it. I just embrace it But still he died for a noble cause Yes His granddaughter to this day is still continuing his work and its so admirable. Shes still a smol child  But ye, we get no school on MLK Day  I shall kiss my dog on the head like a billion times Pfffft who needs boys I got my valentine in four-legged form Mine is UWU Ikr Awie lol Issa kurious kitty kat :aww: Damn this valentines thing is kinda exciting. This is so new and bizarre :0 Hehe TRM is kinda like slice of life, only historical Sure you keep telling yourself that Its just meh to me  But you can see for yourself Viv if youd like Just making a bunch of alliances, dirty secrets, and even more not-so-eventful romance But thats just me Everyones initial impression was there was gonna be manipulation and assassinations like in ACOR but nope Ehh only in the beginning Honestly I could be wrong Its mostly historical fiction Cordonia stuff you mean like your User info? just click on your own profile and then View Profile on your pfp there should be three tabs User Info, Mutual Servers, then Mutual Friends obviously click User Info and if its blank, you dont have anything to display which basically means your stuff is private. nobody knows nothing about your other stuff like social media or gaming accounts like Steam or Twitch like other ppl can see my Facebook, Spotify, Twitch and Twitter on my profile right now hello np you know what she means XD your irl photo I- nvm lol i can take a hint ye same and you are a recently graduated young adult just trynna make a living in the Phillippines oh? oh oof lol is he known as Doge on there too? XD hmm ikr he so is ye *went past tense viv i had to be that one person XD but like i dont wanna sound too douche-y, know what i mean? but uh there i went anyway kk xd aww xD my dog owns my life so oof Animals good Welcome! @Deleted User Im forced to share a room with my younger brother and needless to say its usually not pretty Welcome back @Deleted User  Yeah that mustve been a shitty experience Something happened? nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu then again there is now one case of it in the USA too so same hither Yeah might wanna save your money Max XD @azula :LMFAOdead: Oh also good luck! @zebreano @Weiss want me to give you the link to Vivs Storyscape server? https://discord.gg/GNRBv5 Oh like they had the volcano under control? :WTFthonk: @oge bro you wanna know how the world should respond to the Chinese coronavirus situation? Bring the Papers, Please universe into real life, set up checkpoints, and deny any entry from China because of an outbreak and require vaccine certificates XD oops xD and no polio beyond this point yeah 10 minutes for American students depends all classes in colleges are different anyway if the professor doesnt show up in 10-15 minutes at my school we're legally allowed to just leave European universities for that matter all i know is my community college oop welcome (back)! sorry dont remember if you were ever on here xd @ChaosTheory Honestly theyre just there and then they go Ngl this shit is scary. I wouldnt know it but it could hit my literal doorstep today or tomorrow Im just upset my winter has been relatively dry and sunny  Man being a mayor is a toughie Nope SimCity Yeah ngl it has many many many many MANY flaws But I still love it nonetheless. Idk why I just like the simplicity and easygoing-ness of it Cities Skyline just seems too intimidating, again idk why XD yeah complex and intimidating http://chng.it/YJLB2BFBtC Oh god Viv Im so sorry for your loss Ye cant wait for BOLAS this Wednesday Sucks they went with yet another female MC on the cover but Im excited nonetheless Except HSS and THM. Male MCs represented only on those  Welcome! @doe Still on hiatus Hiatus usually means theyre trynna come up with some big epic ending (or its a clear sign that its a stand-alone) Who knows  Oh no, guaranteed there are no vampires and werewolves in this little adventure/fantasy More fantasy based-originated characters like orcs, elves, and all that jazz I regret nothing XD Were all hoping that :/ O Youll be the princess there too Princess Kim Doge Un of Pyongyang OMFG :jebus: Disney is power and money hungry. Enough said Fucking hell *sigh* So Viv, whats gonna happen to the Storyscape server? @azula Im so conflicted about going back to Choices full-time But with BOLAS, DS, and OH2 coming soon, maybe some light will be shed Mhm! ;-; I just want my Brycey  Ooh  Id probably like a book dedicated to LGBTQ culture and or maybe a non-romance coming-of-age where you go through all the stages of life and development Yeah ngl, it still looks hella dry, even with these displayed  Yeah seriously, PB has clearly done the whole Female Power thing too many times already ^ No more pregnancies, no more weddings, no more heteronormative romance, just NO MORE And definitely no more fan service LMFAO True Yup Except the LIs @KaiaLou agreed tho, no more girly stuff/genderlocked books Imagine a book where its unlocked and there is no fashionista character or Closet feature so you dont have to constantly worry about outfits. Id be all over that  All Im asking is for a stinkin hoodie and jeans in Choices, is that too much to ask? xd Ye Pls Its annoying tbh XD Yeah less spineless MCs I wouldnt be fazed if Jackie and Kyra were just yeeted from the plot XD Aurora We did it and finished hours ago but ok xd Jeez what are the odds... And whats with all these sudden helicopter/small plane crashes? The news never updates us what actually happened. Technical accidents? Inebriated pilot? Who tf knows God Almighty... "FLYING is as "safe as it has ever been" despite a series of high-profile air disasters in the space of 13 months, according to aviation experts. The director general and chief executive of the International Air Transport Association also reassured air passengers that flying is still the safest way to travel." :WTFthonk: I fly occasionally in life and my experiences have been pleasant so I have nothing to complain about In fact, I kinda enjoy it despite sitting so close to other humans The views/window seats make it worthwhile  XD Why you gotta expose me like that? Exactly Bread O I feel ya Viv Honestly how tf is it still January with all these things happening Doge for Supreme World Leader Elon Musk is already working on that lol As if Thatd be interesting Its called a parallel universe tho Smfh Oof Nakers :LMFAOdead: Hot new word Someone call Oxford Dictionary Noice Omg Wall-E  Imagine Vivs titty fights on Disney+ :LMFAOdead:  my class got cancelled today so i think i might be im free rn but not sure how long xd LMFAO nah its just a game *about reality and the future* samesis i heard it became the world's first LGBTQ friendly continent so yeeee boi bruh thats ok, I'll use Furi as a life preserver depends xd its bc we had our hopes up too high for 2020 ^ @Tyr feels bad 2001 had 9/11 not a huge fan of that LMFAO mood Viv when we thought the world was actually gonna end :LMFAOdead: thanks a lot Mayans they were dead wrong no contest No u :reverse: XD Thats hot Also sorry @oge just got home from errands Gtg eat lunch tho i said what i said  hehe Ok We been knew. I just find it kinky that Hot Pocket wants to castrate Furi  :dva: Dont get me started Furi...  That sounded like a sexual threat :WTFthonk: XD  Ooo ^ But still good But still good then and now No u :eyez: Dont we all have wack tastes You like TRR Doge shut up  :shifty:  Furi trynna bring the thirst out of us So uh Im gonna need to drink Furi the bleach now Shut up it was a screenshot from the Choices Facebook discussion group  BUT HOW TF DOES IT HAVE A FIVE STAR RATING Probs Oof @MaxShadows My Horse Prince XD felt real cringy just to type it @azula || so far its just been a former noble running from the law, everybody gets trapped in the palace, the baby falls out of the MC, naming it, and then some surprise betrothal with Auvernal || Tho I wouldnt be surprised if we ended up at Drakes barn again Oh right. Godfrey XD Bradshaw and his wife Godfrey activated the security system He designed it himself and only he knows how to deactivate it Oop Yup No they retreat to a private bedroom XD  Awie and oh shit! :0 Grandpuppies for Viv Oof she'll just tell you to grow a pair XD that too errr drinks you its a beverage right? XD ah late for y'all he already did i think lol now you too child aww cute, denial will help you jk jk but go to sleep ooo noice samesies :LMFAOdead: Hey Four of the same messages oooo how do you feel about it? bc im still a clueless uneducated American xddddd is this all about trading and business dealings and whatnot? freedom to work and move and stuff hoo-rah for Boris and his Clownservatives im only reading a handful of it online right now but even i can see this is just a mess Yes! I use that one a lot too! Same Tf is this Push to book Mayhaps :WTFthonk: Welcome! @Charmed_1309 Well shit if this aint me Lowkey I used my dads yahoo email to make my Wizard101 account and to this day, he still gets emails from them Oh ok Pokmon discussion still carrying on lmao Theyre still airing episodes? Holy  Also they display the entire list of episodes on Wikipedia XD I imagine Whenever I feel like binge watching something I open up Wikipedia and the list of episodes of that show just to keep track Nah Doge is just the father of those Doge has been getting busy  @oge  It may be kid friendly as hell but it was still so much fun AHHH PRINCESS DOGE  but you're so bootyful fit like royalty cute xD You mean to tell me The Royal Nonsense isnt earning them enough money already? Yup! Tbf, Mal is a pretty common name Usually short for Malachi Theres also a Mal Fallon from Cause of Death by Electronic Arts And he wasnt bad He was the protagonist XD @Adriana Beetamech Whitlock nice! My personal fav is Bryce  @Adriana Beetamech Whitlock Mirani isnt an LI tho  And tbh, I imagine not a lot of people would find THAT attractive anyway Oh I thought youre asking about only LIs XD Mirani seems okay tbh. A bit condescending but hes blunt and brutally honest ig Its hilarious when he walks in on MC making out with either Bryce or Jackie Anyway I prefer Ines Delarosa. Shes nice Prefer her as my superior Oh yeah Banerji. He was cool. Very mellow it does tho LMFAO welcome! @Mommy must murder sad mood Oof My parents are already uncomfortable with gays in general so I might just have a simple exchange of I Dos surrounded by friends only oop Yay for small baby steps towards acceptance @azula updates? You still alive and kicking? Prolly your parents coming home Or were they already home? Uff We stan Jonjamin :aww: spill the deets Heyo i've heard OF it a romance sim? xd ah same oof i've only watched about a handful of mainstream anime just to try it out Future Diary was wack ooo i thought i was the only one here who only watches anime dubbed XD subbed is so much work i cant be moving my head up and down for half an hour coolio dubs just make life easier lmao same^ when weebs start demonizing dub watchers is the most hilarious thing on the internet yup often results in bashing and crap it really is like y'all, its just text on a screen, why you freaking out about it? fr, take it easy. its just a drawing. im sorry you cant ever get a rack that antomically incorect irl wym? wouldnt call that homophobic, but more heteronormative nah they're usually diamond-less but uh sure, lets cater to all the straight FB moms who prefer drawings over their irl families i honestly dont know take online quizzes? xd . yup just dont do that again its social taboo these things take time you cant always get it right away depends on their viewpoints if you know they're extremely homophobic and will commit physical acts of violence, keep it to yourself for your own safety @Deleted User you said you're hindi correct? bc if so that explains everything. arranged marriages is honestly 20th century its so backwards and ridiculous yeah to the public maybe, but behind closed doors? problemo some cases, they could work yeah majority of the time, they dont guess it just depends some cultures still praise arranged marriages there are still certain limits but yeah, no number my parents have a 14 year gap between them and their relationship is mostly stable to say the least WTF? finally back on track anyway how are y'all's Februarys so far? valentines with my dog, hell yes to this single life @Deleted User get well soon duh lol its called commands for example Canada hehe OWO i love these bots cool save it for #robo-lab-bots if y'all wanna continue XD im so thankful to not have class today community college has been chillin you taking a gap year?
@Deleted User ooo nice @azula stan u yeah stick figures for me all da way XD use coins or other circular items math is gross algebra is tolerable its geometry and pre-calculus that has me wanting to rip my throat out not to mention trig Elementary Algebra survived with an A oof my shitty geometry teacher back in high school on the other hand, fuck him for making me and literally the entire class fail LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO well this is nice FEBRUARY and math oh wait math bad Math in general is ew i love history @Deleted User yo same with the USA but its still fasincating nontheless racism, thats all you need to know anyway geography hella good but i love geography ;-; countries and borders and all that jazz, hella good oh wait im talking about human geography thats the good geography hehe physical geography succ capitals are cool not to mention Japanese infrastructure :aww: im a dork for those they live on a heavy earthquake zone and are hella advanced how do you know tho? you'd have to be in a deep sleep and NOT hear what goes on with your body XD oh wait im confusion rn yeah Viv would have to have witnesses XD ah there it is  :OOF: aww shit xD F i both snore and drool smh i actually woke up to myself talking in my sleep holy moly eh wait its out? 0: TEE HEEE HEE xd Tech is usually tolerable for me oof i can uh use the power button in my dad's toyota hybrid @red hot silly pepper *mind blown* Jwhat is going on Ji, Jim Ja Jomie Jrew ban send him to the doge house LMFAO VIV Abortion Bump just throwing my two cents here but its usually boomers who think psych isnt a real science and that they were taught to ahem "suck it up and deal with it" but uh thats just edginess psych is so interesting tho pre-meds are usually snobs not u tho Viv, i think u were? xd ooh kk i love history, i was a champ at that chem on the other hand is math disguised as science or Marie Antoinette getting her head chopped off yeah countries teach their own history usually rich people oops US History in college gets more dark tho, things you cant ever unsee involves a lot of lynchings and i have pure hatred for the Deep South for that yes Georgia isnt all bad to this day i think coolio, as long as shes happy o i dont blame her, based on where shes studying the deep south is very opinionated and loud west coast USA is lit tho, i love it YE oh yeah Cali is heavily populated with asians in certain communities since most Japanese, Chinese, and Viets immigrated across the Pacific yeah i cant deny that i dont associate myself with those asians they try to act white or black, like pls stop you're embarassing yourselves bruh i had a viet friend who keeps calling me the "n" word i tried so hard not to throw him in front of an incoming bus im honestly not entirely sure the "n" word Max its deragotory against african american slaves back in the day yeah that too^ im asian but i dont even act asian, white, or black im my own person i love that black people took back and owned the "n" word its amazing they stole it from the whites and yeah i could never say it, ever oooo that would be awesome i wouldnt be surprised if Disney eventually does modern-day princess, like in the real world of smartphones and shit yeah 21st century princess XD im more leaning towards Aladdin, despite the lack of nipples :aww: Which Princess? Oml :LMFAOdead: Bruh Disney hurts everyone Yet somehow they can keep up the act anyway. Its admirable Like the Evil Queen Oml watching that queen do her thing in youtube videos is so funny But yeah, I feel bad for them, paywise Fr give that woman a pay raise Damn  @KaiaLou HBD! Honestly I treat my own like any other regular day. Some greetings and birthday wishes are optional from friends and family XD basically I dont treat it as a big deal @KaiaLou pfffffft I aint special Nah ye you can request a birthday role on your birthday just a title to carry around for the day xD gloating rights being optional, i dunno xd I too want BOLAS. Im sick of seeing Covington as well Id take BOLAS over the other two  Omfg I love the new icon!  Finally something NOT Covington F yeet isnt it beautiful? ig BOLAS will be the answer to all our prayers  Lmao welcome @cot Glad to have another die-hard Choices fan among us But uh what was that all about? Manifest on NBC Its so damn good rn to me then uh be more active k oh wait a sec i misread that LMFAO i thought YOU wanted to be relevant, instead of RWBY XDDDDD https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 oof literally everyone that got themselves name roles shit :caticon: . So uh BitLife had an update and I dont like it  I actually liked the old looks xd This is so weird and bizarre I dont like realistic ;-; welcome! @Rain loving the pfp btw my favorite weather @Rain as you can see, we love each other very much and hold hands and sing Kumbaya Yes you did lol same Viv that is, until the stress becomes unbearable and you have to force yourself to get up :/ thats a nice alternative way to put it XD depends on how big your family is oop lmfao :LMFAOdead: well damn Same Viv As long as my dog is still breathing, Im not leaving home Exactly Viv and Rae. Even if I wanted to move out and be independent, I wont be financially stable enough to take care of my dog by myself the galaxy you wish available for me F lmao how do we know you're not bullshitting :eyez: he's a mole person :caticon: ... With Every Heartbeat in a nutshell *WEH* lmao this should be good https://tenor.com/view/popcorn-popcornday-national-popcorn-day-gif-9265562 hot i am confusion Wow this debate between Americans VS Foreigners is quite intriguing metric system? sorry dunno her welcome @bababooey ! Favorite book and LI? welcome to you as well! @kiara haha all good in the hood hbu @kiara ? Favorite book and LI? favorite book is VOS and favorite LI is Sawyer UwU heh you'd be surprised BSC isnt a popular series in general but idrc i still loved it @ch00se I dont get emotionally invested in the genderlocked books. Theyre only good for diamond farming. But thats up to you. You can use those to get more diamonds. And yeah what Furi said. Depends on what genres youve preferred in the past when it comes to what you like to read  ^^^^^ Lmao Fr tho It Lives is god-tier Ooh here we go again Furi couldnt be more correct in this case  O Oh what the hell. Its not like I had a life anyway Ye https://tenor.com/view/saviour-jesus-sign-of-the-cross-gif-7619557 HAIL FURI hail Furi *Echosmith intensifies* :LMFAOdead: WE PRAISE YOU FURI no promises :dva: jkjk https://tenor.com/view/master-spongebob-bowing-gif-5594685 i didnt realize the banished angel could speak REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Mara, the denial is strong with this one what should we do? indeed we shall and they shall be spanked FULL homo shhhh let the nerd speak aww look Mara, the nerd can talk  its soooooooooooooooooooooo cute and maybe i like letting people know im in VC squad  i'll set the Snooze *Zzzzzzzzzzzz*  so we're calling your mirror "people" now? shattered glass pieces doesnt equal self confidence but okay anyway Hail Furi Furi wows the world Thanks for coming to my FuriTalk morning Viv! happy timezone Viv and Furi are co-gods wym we never actually said Viv isnt the true god dont listen to this befallen angel Viv xD . lmao ooo HP, your nudes dont count but i mean im obviously really good at everything but i mean im obviously really good at everything gasp
im your friend?
jkjk who isnt my friend me
Hot Pocket
as in Ding! Hot Pocket
which was my old Username but i shed that mortal form a long time ago Hot Pocket is the one false god, and i shall sacrifice him to earn Viv's appeasement MOMMY HP IS BEING HIGH AND MIGHTY AGAIN MOMMY JORDAN SAID YEET MOMMY ALTAIR IS MINDING HIS OWN BUSINESS XDDDDDDDDDDDDD F GL viv fuck you watson nah i bottom only you fuck me does...does that mean.... HP gets to dominate me? UWU Your ego turns me on  @Water Puppies I volunteer as tribute Go big or go home Yes Viv  F Aww We dont speak of that garbage reboot God tier childhood Aww Viv  Yes she does! Aww but who wouldnt want to know who HP would bottom for with no arguments?  you can go ahead and kill me now bitch you forgot to put heavy rocks in my pockets and tie cinderblocks to my feet i mean- everytime i make a fool of myself i gots to be prepared and now Hilda has caught my stupidity smh  Yeah well Im a clown so Singling me out, I see how it is Aww thanks Personally I wouldve preferred a missile but ig an arrow would do  Yay! Blue boi aww you're no longer special its still there for the time being lol Hehe :WTFthonk: Imagine drinking :WTFthonk: Im banned too HP XD Now that was hilarious You can go ballistic on me Furi  Furi is just that powerful  ALL HAIL FURI Cock is good Youre american too Hilda wym Smh Imagine being European Merica isnt all thats cracked up to be tbh LMFAO B1 is more of a level of a parking structure @Water Puppies Take care Furi! I dont drink coffee My priority is to not spray that shit everywhere Lets get this bread Can I have bologna on mine? You dont know that Benji Mayonnaise  Tomatoes ew I like a plain hotdog with nothing on it oop Im that basic I dont put condiments in my pizza Im okay with pepperoni and the occasional meatballs but thats about it oof you only had the one? and cant get a second one for yourself? ): ah F oh no oh god i hope so too @azula you can just make a group DM and send it that way? oh wait, you arent discord friends with some of us xd oh ok i get it now that could work fr tho i do hope Mara is right. hopefully one jump is nothing, even for a dog that size yay it works! omg poor @azula ): i dont blame you for being hysterical xd i still use my iPhone X night Viv! HA! Nah sowwy :/ not really, just surfing the web and shit lol everytime i come onto discord and see certain servers or channels lit up with notifications, its my chance to butt into conversations xd and speaking of school, i just wrapped up winter intersession at mine so i got a whole week off before spring semester starts up yeet yeet yup thats the one according to my calender, it just says Presidents' Day like in general honoring all presidents or whateverthefuck F anime is meh people tend to be so surprised when I, an Asian, admit that anime isnt that interesting to me like ok, thats a stereotype and i like other things that are NOT anime well in my experiences, people tend to stereotype me im not that into anime, i hate math, and i dont want to be a doctor for humans also my GPA is about average like literally everyone else wow benji xd which topic? oh god that cannot be good ooh speaking of Valentine's The only intimate moment I plan on getting tomorrow is with my dog, my phone, and my PC i also have heart shaped cookies and cinammon rolls all ready to fatten me up even more Valentines gonna be chillin fuck having a bf. men are complicated anyway xD or am i just petty bc im single oop i dont have a favorite holiday per se they seem like regular days to me morning btw yikes at both XD its indian, im assuming ooh coolio my family and the rest of the Viets just wrapped up their Lunar New Year stuff literally the only thing i like about Tet is getting money in those little red packets, the rest of Vietnamese Lunar New Year is just meh hard to believe i actually liked the dragon costumes and firecrackers at Tet festivals then i realized i dont like huge crowds ffs Altair, you're asian oops still thinking about Lunar New Year lmfao i dont often treat holidays as a big deal like i used to growing up my family celebrates the religious part of Easter only, same thing as Christmas Christmas in my family is like "Hoorah Jesus born day!" then go to sleep lmao nothing special around my birthday apart from the general first week of school for the rest of the USA :LMFAOdead: ooh and Mt Vesuvius erupted and destroyed Pompeii on my birthday so theres also that no Doge, last week of August so yeah, i have to spend my birthday going back to school after a chill summer smh and i get to acknowledge a once destructive volcano that erupted on my birth date so yay that too do you not know about that Doge? Pompeii yes it was i dont recall anyway yeah, people died in lava and ash on my birthdate ya-yeet no no no wait you guys Pompeii is the Roman city that was DESTROYED by a volcano called Mt Vesuvius https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pompeii https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eruption_of_Mount_Vesuvius_in_79 dear god, has some people really been that misguided? christ almighty and here i thought it was common knowledge well anyway im glad i can shed some light now nope @MaralinaSakura I just love that Handsome Squidward emote And the dramatic flailing :LMFAOdead: Yes... Morning Happy Singles Awareness Day Same Bruh, Im trynna walk my dog rn :eyez: yeah oof Pure chocolate is  Especially Hersheys bars oml Every time I see candy products with the word peanuts on it, Im immediately turned off Im not allergic to them at all, I just hate that the ruin the Element of chocolate XD I just hate peanuts and their taste Dark/white/milk chocolate ftw Malk chonk Milk chocolate Thats it Thats the candy #ChocolateLivesMatter This Valentines Day, we discuss sweets and Im HAVING it Speaking of the chocolate conversation earlier.... :bigmood: @azula Mal the Magnificent ftw ? o XD @MaralinaSakura i love you for that UWU @MaralinaSakura we represent the minority of Mal stans apparently along with Viv yeah since she's the server owner :caticon: Unfortunately not But oh well It is what it is Me and Mara and Viv are the only ones stanning Mal and we couldnt be more proud to own up to being his fan club XD Coronavirus has made it into BitLife ... Goddammit BitLife XD Can they just pls revert the changes on the in-game characters looks tho? Bc this is just downright terrifying The old looks were hella better looking @BigHutchHO why is that? I wouldve guessed some stupid dress code lmao Youre getting dirty looks just for where youre sitting? Tfw  Brandon Rogers is a gay ass mood Move, Im gay Im, move gay Feels bad *sigh* Well Mal gang @azula @MaralinaSakura we fought and thirsted hard But you know what? Our Mal is still magnificent UWU He can whisper kit in my ear all day  :aww: We failed him and his gorgeous locks ;-; But thats okay. We still love him And he loves us *cri* Mal the Magnificent  Shronk :LMFAOdead: I can definitely see Vals personality within Shronk Now lets dress her up as a handmaiden and have her infiltrate a princesss castle *teehee* I definitely feel They both broody  Every time I read her dialogue, I feel the need to puke rainbows She purdy XD Peep her skincare regimen bc I gots to know  Nias Know-Hows deadass would be her DIY channel name Hmm Sloane? Meh True Scarlett cool She was really good in Lucy Idk who that is ;-; Im uncultured Link isnt working :/ Cant you just screenshot? Ooh Sorry Viv but anything with boobs is an automatic turn off for a Gaysian like me XD OOO No Never :GAY: All the way I like dicc more oop Especially if its a thicc dicc :LMFAOdead: Bad bitch you mean Stone cold biatch? @azula I felt that Bootys have feelings too Big booty bitches Hecc yes RIP i mean not really?? ye asian bois tend to be stereotyped as the wielder of a tiny ass dick XD yes i agree god i love it when guys wear sweatpants you can totally see their hard-ons easily XD long time no see Dewqs ooo i lean towards men only you live in Slovakia right Furi? ah DENIM VIV  OWO magic Uberbot thats what this is bi magic bi magic queen what is this Frozen? lmao can i attend as a bystander/guest? Raeally good looking *Daddy Rae* we're naming each other's daddies @ill miss you rae lol Bread: Mom pick me up, Im scared Gn Furi UWU loving the new nickname Server Daddy Rae also love that its trademarked XD Dayum Viv Rip oh shit, i didnt even realize :0 :Thot: I need my surgeon boi Brycey  @azula it would put a whole new meaning to fucking your brains out :LMFAOdead: Oof Rip Ethan is a giraffe Lowkey Ethan is your doctor daddy  WB @BigHutchHO Damn best of luck Viv Hope the doggo is okay @azula likely @Tyr big oof. Arranged marriages still being a thing in 2020. Hoo-rah @kaitoo we have a LOT of conversations @azula MAAM those are his NIPPLES :LMFAOdead: Maam, doesnt your HUSBAND have NIPPLES?! The wait is unbearable Ikr Dog noobs Smh @BigHutchHO who? I dont watch a lot of tv so I wouldnt know, sorry Jeez Smh Night to you @Hot Tempered welcome! Oop No it actually wasnt Its only a bot if you go to the profile and the Mutual Servers is automatically empty I saw that this server was in that persons mutual for a few minutes or so Then poof Plus I was able to @ them to begin with You cant @ bots because they disappear in a virtual instant You had me at male MCs I like how theres no Romance genre. Thats a good sign Escape from Paradise seems a bit too heteronormative so far, ngl Ooh ok Oh!!!!! Yes that 17+ role XD I was confused myself Ooo Shes talking about Jordan @CoolCCMystery Oop now he got it @oge its a TYPE of pancake with traces of banana WITHIN it actually scratch that slices of banana on TOP of them not that bad Oh yeah I noticed Viv sent a message twice I thought her computer was possessed or something Wack Discord was fine for me as well I dont think theres been an update? Not for iPhones anyway Wack And wild ;-; Thats really cool tho holy shit Fricken modded xd Im jelly Oop Beats me I miss the rain too Its been a dry ass winter for Southern California and I hate it Chilly but dry :WTFthonk: welcome! @tilly_tally Mine is an old child ): oof My sweet girl before she passed away a few years back Also I only have one living grandparent atm Big oof Kyo Luckily my dad was on the anti-communist side Agriculture industry must be a bitch You are Bread As in, lets get this bread Gn Kyo I feel indifferent not getting to know my grandparents or their background The language barrier often got in the way and I have zero motivation to master Vietnamese so I never bothered All I know is my dads family was rich af back in Vietnam and my mom lived a simple middle class life. Both my parents were born and raised in former Saigon (now Ho Chi Minh City) Sometimes My grandparents were just....there.....existing I barely understood what they said so Oop It was such a pain having to nod and pretend I understood what theyre saying whenever they try and talk to me  Now that was awkward times Happy birthday server daddy! @red hot silly pepper @azula hold up, hes a cute guy AND he hates gun girl? Thats the best kind of guy Dont even get me started  Believe it or not, my dad who is in his 60s understands more about FAFSA than me And he saved up for community college on his own All I can advise is to read the instructions VERY VERY carefully Word for word Dont miss anything Dont leave anything out But yeah applying for student aid is a bitch Its a full-on interrogation about your economic background xd Anyway sorry that I derailed from your question a bit About the translating to your parents thing, this is all I can tell you My dad knows a fair amount of English so he understood a bit of it while helping me out with my FAFSA I had to help him out a bit here and there, translating some things for him But overall, we worked together despite hating every single minute of it Free Application for Federal Student Aid Its an American thing when it comes to student loans Oh yes the deadlines vary by state Good luck btw Kyo *Australia and other various countries laughing in free university* *sends you my love across various cities bc ik we live in the same state XD* Ooh which one? I only know two in my area xd Aww ): Can you at least DM me tho? uwu Maybe its just my oversensitivity but I feel like I was just bullied by Kyos bodyguards lmfao and no one directly attacked me But I get it you guys Personal info is oh so touchy Kyo youre lucky to have this family Ik Theyre pretty intimidating  Omfg no not the the Pokmon reference XD I literally heard Prepare for trouble and make it double out loud, like a faint childhood memory XD And thus https://youtu.be/vYAHFpclnYc I link a vid Same Jordan FAFSA: look I know you stated earlier that youre a full-time student who is unemployed but pretty pls provide us your tax records? UWU Me: .... Ugh make this adulting shit stop ;-; I dont like it Not one bit F Welcome! @mango tart  Yup The usual two males and one female Viv your height struggles with your bf give me life XD Weve seen them already havent we? Over in #nsfw-chat chat oop Furi I saw that You wanna know how big the dicc is :eyez: Sowwy ;-; XD you forgot its 2020 :OOF: Thats really cool tho @azula Olivia Holt starred in I Didnt Do It Only lasted two seasons xd Oof I love Furis new title btw welcome! @melizmatic and im assuming @Steff is your alternate? Probably the wrinkles He looks way older than the MC Not to mention being a total Tanner Sterling knock-off Probably Ooh ok Discord o?h ?Oh WB!!! "become?" its reached PEAK disaster since the beginning there are people that actually LIKE Baby Bump  they actually DEFEND it there can be extremely oversensitive freak shows within the Facebook fandom majority of them are the Facebook moms, no surprise there but sure, keep ignoring the countless medical inaccuracies, lack of women's health education, and lack of ACTUAL pregnancy struggles that DONT come from the POV of a husband plot twist: its an alien Its demonic and evil and a genetic mutation. Thats how IT is @BigHutchHO what did you do? :0 Oof xd Lol I havent played it in weeks because I could not in good conscience continue playing it after the most recent nasty ugly ass update Im praying all the negative reviews will convince the developers to revert the changes and return the characters back to the way they were before Or if by some reason people actually like the new looks, they could add in a feature that switches between classic mode and new mode at any time The infants in the game are terrifying af We werent talking about TRH. We were talking about BitLife @MaralinaSakura oh shit really? Thank god My favorite is pepperoni with meatball pieces Cant go wrong with a classic  SAME Anyway this is my favorite https://youtu.be/o0itR1yvj1s @azula couldnt agree more. Ig when a series becomes milked, every little aspect of it becomes extremely irritating, including the la-la happy fairytale music XDD I honestly dont get why anyone would do that tbh The OST in the actually GOOD books are what make the story come alive To each their own. Anyway, I personally want to hear the music, even in the most shitty books because I hate being in a quiet room That series was milked so I understand why you hated the OST Its like me and Viv with TRR Dont we all Since the very first HSS was released (not Class Act) I did download Choices the VERY first day it made its debut but I got frustrated with the lack of customizable male MCs so I kinda quit and went back to Pbs previous games HSS Prime and HWU When I heard there was gonna be a Choices version of HSS, I thought why the hell not, give it a second chance Yeah that just means those books were character-locked. Not genderlocked. Theres a difference between the two @MaralinaSakura girl, your conscience/imagination is both terrifying and beautiful all at the same time owo Oh HELL no Cant relate. Im somehow one of the very few in the world to get a decent nights sleep with lucid dreaming here and there F And my next class for the day is starting oop ^ The Asian family method of raising kids > WALK IT OFF Anything good or bad that happens to them meh some races are more strict than others Welcome @Lady Cassandra ! I wasnt gonna watch it to begin with when I learned theres no singing and no Mushu so  123movie ftw Not for me I use 123movies.link And Im supposed to get some FAFSA shit done today American student loan program @kyo thanks same to you Damn India is mean XD They no like getting free entertainment. Sad :/ Have fun! Eww Imagine choosing TRH2 :LMFAOdead: Or even CA for that matter LMFAO OH ftw Had he gotten more screen time, I probably wouldve chosen Raf Bryce stan all the way XD She really did Brycey  Kyra was friggin annoying Her relentless flirting was just a big ass nope Yup That is definitely why I dont want Ethan The creepy eyes and giraffe neck were bad enough Not arguing So yeah anyway big ass nope to Kyra  Oop Had I gotten the choice to tell her I dont swing that way, I wouldve tolerated her as a person Shes still doing chemo towards the end of Book 1 iirc Hah Omfg @Tyr yes pls I- O WHERE TF IS THE BELLYBUTTON So wtf was he even attached to when he was yeeted out of the uterus? :WTFthonk: Or can people actually get those surgically covered up just bc Woah :pleb: excuse me no im more of a Drewcubine REEEEE F ^ Music helps me ESCAPE from others I actually have no shame in sharing my tastes the more I grow up These days, Im getting more comfortable rolling down my window on a hot day and blasting Owl City omw to school  Rap and hip hop is loud noise Every other genre is fine Oof F I can respect that too Rip Damn Ffs xd Ive taken a whole semester of ASL last spring and that can never be enough to teach me about the hearing impaired and their struggles Its sad but also they learn to love and embrace themselves, despite whatever other people think I admire those who still go to concerts anyway and there it is, a sign interpreter up on the stage signing the music xd Imagine using music bots @kaitoo XD Jkjk But Fr tho My preference is borrowing my dads 2013 Toyota Camry hybrid with a built in Bluetooth device, and just straight up blasting my tunes for all to hear. But of course sometimes Im afraid of sharing so I keep my windows shut as common courtesy to those around me XD Its so therapeutic for me to listen to music in a car alone When Im driving somewhere Meh, Ive been doing it forever now. Headphones while walking to my classes, sitting on the school bus to and from high school, driving to and from college every day on the freeway. Maybe I am subjecting myself to hearing loss but idk So far Im doing okay but ig I should take it easy eventually For the sake of keeping all my senses intact Yeah actually I never go for max volume Just like half way or so depending on the quality of the song thats playing Apparently I consider half volume loud But again, it depends My high school plays music on the PA system during passing period and most of the time its just classics from the old days like Beatles and shit Idrc for the music that plays while Im walking to my next class so of course I put in headphones the minute I step outside of my original class and on to my next one Im privileged enough to know that everything about me is working fine Its surprising because I spend so much time in front of screens but I never need glasses I can sit in the back of a classroom and still see the whiteboard up front just fine Cursed Ok thats actually very good Is it the head partially covering up the Second Year? XD Yeah I wish it was real Haha its fine Viv I genuinely feel bad for the guy Book 2 never starts off with 2 chapters ): Ye No one deserves the AJ treatment lol Yup Benji likes none of the LIs oop It really wasnt It was only through diamond choices where you got to learn more about him Bryce was god-tier I said what I said Basically yeah I can be friendly if you stay out of my way *smiley face* And people say Bryce had an ego  Jackie is just too much YAY! :pleb: Ye Its the cover we deserve Yeah no need for the casual outfit xd Paramedic uniform good Yeet LMFAO Big oof Blurrr the necc Not confirmed ones anyway Well see in a few chapters Perhaps My vote is going for Lahela always DA ONLY WAY Nuuuuu Ye Even princesses need vacations Best of luck it gets old real quick i just want a book where the MC isnt an automatic gambler/alcohol drinker. that concept is also overdone in Choices most of the time, you're always gonna end up in SOME card game, and forced to drink anything alcoholic lmfao and that aint it with me LMAO deadass when i turn 21, the only celebratory drink i'll be taking is water bc American 18yos are dumb us Westerners tend to be more wild well when you put it like that :WTFthonk: Western culture is wack, ngl i could never xd i accidentally had alcohol once, did NOT care for it did NOT like it bold of you to assume i go to clubs OMFG SAME @Deleted User BUT I DIDNT EVEN KNOW THE RUM WAS IN THERE I WAS CHEATED AND LIED TO you were 8 YEARS OLD???? wow anyway that rum chocolate nearly ruined chocolate for me tbh the rum chocolate i had was literally shaped like a beer bottle and it was fucking disgusting how does one ruin perfectly good chocolate by putting RUM in it it boggles the mind im very anti-alcohol oop but y'all of course can do it if you like it its just not my cup of tea, or rum xd ooh same with mine, that i know of anyway they drink beer iirc, but not enough to get drunk bc thats a big no-no for my catholic family and then there's me, a very sheltered kid who stayed in his comfort zone his entire life only ever drinking age-appropriate beverages night Woah As if I didnt need more reasons to hate TRH Fuck, this world is a mess... ROD? Didnt care much for that one tbh Whether or not it gets a sequel, wont faze me The very westernized kind? XD Colt is another term for a cow iirc It actually is Oh ok And yeah, lots of male American boomers have Colt for a name Oof They are It Lives Aka a god tier series Eyyyy Im Andrew XD True tho @MaralinaSakura Im both Im the ultimate Gay-sian Fear me  Because  My parents reasoning for naming me Andrew was and I quote its just easier to remember Also because theyre catholic as hell True tho Viv Frankly, Im glad they gave me a non-Vietnamese name My birth certificate says Andrew but at home, I have a Vietnamese name Uff Bom Forgot what it means lmao But its from a Vietnamese nursery song Oop XD ? O Yeah what she said Ive never even seen those Oh wait I think I might have Now that Maralina said what they are XD Bread rolls good Not that I know of Wack No I do not xd I only ever see commercials but my parents dont bother with Yakult Its milk right? Ah My parents only ever drink almond or soy milk Never Yakult tho  I drink homogenized milk and I have zero shame So many people hate it but I drink it anyway Its refreshing XD Good one Oh yes maam they do My dad has gotten the hang of English but my mom, eeehhhhh LMFAO YES THEY DO THO OML Basically you speak perfect American English Lol Ooo Woah you lived here at one point? Oh nice Cool  :jebus: Oh god Wtf :LMFAOdead: OMFG IM ACTUALLY DYING Im just picturing a little girl laughing at a pixelated deer dying Viv has that dark humor And I love it From a young age too :0 I was neutral at a lot of childhood movie deaths My parents never consulted somebody religious whenever I acted a certain way. Theyd just whip out a clothing hanger or the end of a broomstick and wack me with it Nah the only muscles my parents have is their loud ass voices that sound like hyenas when they mad XD Prolly not Natural selection at its finest Hehe LOL :pleb: Heccin educate Damn we gotta get together to do that ): And Im at school rn rip OMFG Mara No XD Ive got like half hour before my next class starts Im just sitting in a half empty hallway rn Pretty peaceful tho, my voice would literally echo  I said half empty People literally coming in and out XD Im fat but I aint that fat :LMFAOdead: Idk whether to feel insulted or flattered Bold of you to assume Im smart  My brain is barely functional as it is It can only handle so much Old people :dva: But not you Viv  You got what we call beauty rest At least I think it only applies if you sleep hella early Idek Pffffft nah Oof My mom sleeps at 10 PM while my dad at around midnight or 1 AM Shes in her late 50s and hes in his late 60s  Damn tho Mara My parents had me hella late tho so that explains why Im so screwed up in the head And their sleep schedules really be like that Tbf tho, my dads retired so he can delete his sleep schedule Ooo My mom had me at 34 i believe Whats more shocking is that many people my age are already having kids and they still in college :WTFthonk: Im fricken 19 and my peers are already getting married Ive had at least two classmates who had gotten pregnant in high school BaBu just has a shitty representation is all We stan that kind of parental advice  So many old fashioned parents are pressuring their kids to grow up and have kids of their own and its just stupid That whole youll change your mind when you get older is such bullshit Its toxic Exactly The shitty parents are the ones that claim they wanted kids in the first place Adoption good Continuing the bloodline is so overrated AGREED MARA People need to overlook the whole my grandchild should have my eyes and start thinking about the very broken foster system and help out those kids first Oh lord... Yikes Thats very backwards and sad Very true tho If the familys history of health is very bad, continuing the bloodline isnt worth even MORE of those running around :jebus: Incest is still very real in most royal families and southern USA  How bad is it? O LMAO Oof XD Oh ew Istg people need to get their head out of their asses and realize that bloodlines are overrated and should not be continued if the family has a history of health problems. Youre ultimately gonna give birth to a financial crisis Well a bigger one than it already is EXACTLY No diaper changes XD Yup If youre pro-life, youre pro-alien :WTFthonk: Ikr Boggles the mind Like mind your own damn business Its not your baby so its not your call That whole book is glorified pro-life propaganda Wouldve been hella interesting if it discussed abortion Clint Covington Because theyre stupid?  I dont even remember Yeah but its a diamond scene The unintended baby making was a diamond scene lmao Pretty much Ye Like oh rich man pls plant a crotch monster inside me because we too lazy to open up that drawer thats a few feet away from us Damn very nice Ugh I wish bitlife reverted to THAT version This is still ugly af Damn my class just got cancelled despite us only being in here for a few minutes Im actually sad because its my favorite class ): @MaralinaSakura its called Animal Nutrition Oh wait where you asking Which to someone else earlier? F Well in response to literally everything that went down, class got cancelled, am now home, anti vaxxers are dumbasses and coronavirus aint shit And being sick in general sucks MEDIA: YOURE GOING TO DIE
Literally everyone else: good F XD Im just waiting on my anthropology class to begin No maam I have not The series is set in an alternate world where humans and anthropomorphic animals live side by side, taking place mostly in Hollywood (later known as "Hollywoo" after the "D" in the Hollywood Sign is stolen and destroyed). BoJack Horseman is the washed-up star of the 1990s sitcom Horsin' Around, which told the story of a bachelor horse trying to raise three young orphans. Now living in relative obscurity in a mansion in the Hollywood Hills, BoJack plans a big comeback to celebrity relevance with a tell-all autobiography to be written by his ghostwriter Diane Nguyen. BoJack also has to contend with the demands of his agent and on-again-off-again girlfriend Princess Carolyn, the misguided antics of his freeloading roommate Todd Chavez, and his former rival Mr. Peanutbutter, who was once the star of his own sitcom Mr. Peanutbutter's House. O Cool I might give it a try one of these days Tbf, this is #general. Literally anything we want to talk about can be discussed here Thats NOT about Choices Oop Im big dumb This is not acceptable before I walk into class Lmao Oof Italy has gotten bad. Stay safe @Andromeda The story is the same in California USA. I was at a big warehouse store running errands and literally the entire damn city was there to stock up on water and toilet paper and other two-weeks worth of food I thought I was gonna die from social anxiety before the virus even hits me Yeah, a lot of old people had died in a nursing home in Washington Ok not a LOT But a handful It really was Thank god I had headphones in listening to my music Id like to think my immune system has improved gradually over the years. I wont hesitate to clean up after myself and others and then wind up catching something Seasonal allergies are considerably the worse things that I have to worry about these days. I rarely get majorly sick to the point where I have to stay home Tonsils were never discussed in my entire life and Im glad I never had to have them removed Oh man Facts Mal the Magnificent UWU @salamigod a name he gave himself XD Hmm maybe we could do without the g lol Mal-nificent Hehe It just sounds off tho xd Smh Yall are terrible  sPeAk mUrIkAn God I love making fun of Americans. Sincerely, an American We do have our many many MANY flaws :/ But at the same time, I cant complain. Were doing better than others Its good to acknowledge both sides Its weird that Im glad I live somewhere where we dont have snow days. Im at that point in my life where I hate to be left behind, even if my entire class is in the same boat Sunny SoCal for ya Bigoted clowns will tell you to leave *honk honk* And I say welp, deal with it. We hate it here and yall should work on improving yourselves Starting with free university and universal healthcare  ~~what am I, a commie?~~ But true tho Got me thinking of this meme :LMFAOdead: I was deceased, then resurrected, then deceased again because this was some funny shit lmao ^ Pretty much Literally anyone with a blue brain will do Two-man race now He dropped out too He was a disgrace to the democratic name Deep down hes still republican conservative and nobody can change my mind. Every time Im on YouTube, there goes his ads, which thousands of dollars were spent on  Timezones = time travel Cant change my mind SHS, gimme more of them Troublemakers and Ms Lee ;-; m!tree Lmao The way I like it I have the background of TRR MC Yes UWU I like how the unused bots suddenly become used again once old members started becoming active again If you want Lmao No u No Im poor And cheap Spotify with ads on data FTW UWU XDDDD Jkjk Itd be nice without ads tho Luckily I dont go anywhere where both service and data is dead so I dont have one per se But Ive been an obsessive citizen of Owl City the last few months Oh wait my dumbass didnt realize I DO have one XD Coldplay is god tier Brendon Urie is a GOD I only ever heard/watched him in Girls/Girls/Boys and Into the Unknown @Greenberry sadly no Theyve all went to their respective colleges Oh wait you talking OG like with Caleb and them or Julian and them? @Greenberry XD Theyre all in the play in Class Act so in which case, yes they were brought back I miss Michael tho :hawyee: You get diamond scenes to spend time with the gang in general Yup Sadly not Stop copying me smh I love it when things work out  What is working out? It only works with three different people XD Umm Dammit Bruh drew Told ya  *Hilda welcomes a bot*

well we can't all have basic intelligence :WTFthonk: :hawyee: xd REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  Dont accidentally drop the soap Ooh the soap has stronger effects over there Spaghetti good Especially with meatballs  Lmao True Special :WTFthonk: I guess no one has an original bone in their body except you Mara  F Im poor and cheap. Dw :hawyee: Magic :shifty: :Thot: :mmNo: :jebus: :eyez: :LMFAOdead: :dva: Magic Viv  Yes Viv Take down the rich people Fuck the corporations Fuck the emote conglomerates No were just more powerful and youre scared of us Meh idk the American prices XD Still Trynna save up irl for rainy day Too Much Work So Much Clicking I aint that desperate :jebus: :0 Furi you started something now The Princess has become the sugar mommy Wow Was it for love? Basement dwellers aiming to please Youd think itd be sketchy tho @Deleted User play it again ): Its still fun Even as a non member Hehe @salamigod yeah you do you Havent had W101 membership since 2015 Feels bad Got bored of P101, idk why But W101 *chefs kiss* Childhood memories Back when everything was so much easier I still prefer the classic graphics But YES We should all get together and play sometime Yes there is that option in settings Switching between classic mode and new mode I still have my login info memorized lmao Marleybone Because doggos And the OST for Marleybone is beautiful Yeah but Im not too big a fan tbh Im a classics kind of guy Definitely Krokotopia based on Egypt, Marleybone based on Victorian era England iirc, Mooshu being a hybrid of China and Japan, list goes on Them too lol Hehe Fr tho we should get together to play sometime My old online friends accounts have been long ded rip I used to love hanging out with them Oh damn Get some Zzzzs Fo sho Ye For W101 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wizard101 @azula dammit you're keeping her awake lol sometimes feels bad OWO damn nuuuu you're reel them in eventually your fishing trip aint over yet  see that right there, thats amazing Aww Chu can do it Everyone deserves happiness No u :3 XD NIGHTY NIGHT PB just trynna make Raf stans fight for him or guy if male MC gender of Raf's SO depends on MC's gender yeah oof same with the guy anyone with a reused face aint important lol https://tenor.com/view/familyguy-bitches-annoyed-gun-weapon-gif-4629657 awie :aww: XD And I only know a little bit of Naruto Not a whole lot XD I can see that Rip Makes sense But tbf, a lot of their books have borrowed plots from other major works of fiction As inspiration tho of course Oh yeah that LMAO Ive said it once. Ill say it again. PB should sue them, get some monies, and actually create better content with it But at the same time, revealing that they dont have an original bone in their bodies For those few that know of Choices existence AND watches Hallmark anyway Yes yes I know PB is the exact same way Yeah a lot of Choices characters faces were inspired from irl people Even the MCs faces One of the BB MC faces were inspired by Emma Watson But yeah the James thing is true People got mad tho Things really are becoming wack Chinese streets are empty af Travel restrictions here and there Its a mess And meanwhile Americans are stocking up on toilet paper, water, and masks that does absolutely NOTHING to combat coronavirus  A lot of old people or anyone with failing immune systems living nearby? ^ @MaxShadows that makes zero sense tfw I see Ye Ive been suffering from a stuffy nose all week because of damn spring allergies but other than that, I think Im fine. Ive been washing my hands to the length of the HBD song like everyone suggests Never got pneumonia tho same havent had to cough bc of throat issues since last year smh actually immunity develops when you face minor stuff head on staying home and at school doesnt develop immunity ~~im down for Antarctica~~ SoCal where i live is about to face a rainy ass week so thats something for me to look forward to also can anyone address the rumor where the coronavirus might actually die down once the summer heat rolls around? @Strife makes sense idk it entirely but some major viruses can easily be destroyed by intense heat and about that vaccine, idek. they keep saying its in development but not entirely sure emphasis on "allegedly" you want conspiracy? some speculate the coronavirus is a bioweapon whipped up by either China or North Korea :LMFAOdead: NK did say they had a Christmas gift for us :WTFthonk: but yeah in all seriousness, it started from some illegal animal trading in that market they managed to trace it back to bats so we'll see oh yeah i read about that ): seeing the images of animals all cramped up in those cages being the cause of coronavirus broke my heart and i think so very hunky dory hoo-rah *automatically gets my degree* give some of us introverts a reason to stay home away from human contact and play games all day lol oop feels bad XD tis an international law ooh Doge just said "ma'am" that means shit is getting real  i wish social studies was this fun O man European politics is giving me much educate https://tenor.com/view/doge-gif-15783711 im trynna find a doge educate meme and i stumble upon that lmao OMG coincidentally, i am the uncle figure in my irl friend group oh jeez not this again lmao over in Mik's server this is a first for Viv's server XD lmao this is happening all over again  really went from "DaHomies" to "DaHomieDrews" XD i both hate/love y'all rn OH MY LANTA reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee all the DaHomieDrews typing XD i cant with y'all rn fuck the law Max  its anarchy now and dare i say, a Drewarchy Conform Max oh great, now we're using my color role lmao O im both scared and amused rn the world may never know 0.0 hehe we're the only active ones rn xD o_O i have a twin now wuh  THAT DOESNT COUNT MAX REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE i actually like coca-cola oop we're multiplying as we speak and its beautiful OWO oh lord lol Bread is here XD and she's freaked out is this blowing your mind?  ikr Drew i hate u Drewsanity i love it its Drewtiful aww ): i wish i can have my own name role, but im unimportant and i oop Hildy hates anything fun XD its actually warming my heart to see my doggo everywhere my dog would be both unfazed and unamused lmao hey there may be many of me but there can only be one Rusty oy vey ? oh oof who is daddy o_O hey drew lmao no i said drew blowing minds since 2000 if you want no im Drew im Drewtacus ^^^^ and thats the Drew-uth this is beautiful right here I SENSE AN ANOMALY I SEE DAHOMIEPRIYA REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Hilda could never be Drew smh magic a Drewrising XDDDDDDDDDDDDDD ): WHEN WILL MY DREWFLECTION SHOW idek *sighs* DaHomieBenji aight then we must stand up to the conglomerate ): close Bread xD my smile is hurting irl rn lmao we WERE drews, now we're all homies i am DaHomoDrew i am DaHoemieDrew aww Priyudi ): my cult is losing steam already big sad ya-yeet i love y'all my hoemies kk ): ya yeet' awie heyo aight its probably half the people's reactions on this server right now XD was being the key word :hawyee: same fo sho XD OWO  im such a trendsetter This is literally how it happened  where it alllllllllll started no im an innocent boi silence :hawyee: no pls i still have so much to live for ~~no i dont~~ gn Priyudi  back to SimCity for me proud of you guys :3 such a holy number Or else...coronavirus SimCity already knows coronavirus better than irl people People acting like masks help fend off coronavirus :WTFthonk: But ultimately they dont help a whole lot Neither does hand sanitizer but people are stocking up on those anyway Welcome! @yolox Imagine using light mode :jebus:  Morning Apparently we were previously discussing light/dark mode And had a few choice words for each other lol Light mode on anything is crap now So thanks to Twitters brilliant concept of dark mode, literally everyone else decided to do the same iOS devices, Instagram, etc And yeah twitter had it first Theyre in the top five anyway My Personal Top 5 Worse: AB, STD, SK, ROD, PTR

My personal Top 5 Best: PM, IL, BSC, AME, TE I wouldnt recommend TRM imho but you do you Anyway IL and ES god tier @Fade its alright. Were entitled to our opinions after all BSC isnt everyones cup of tea and I acknowledge that But I love it to death UWU Mine switches up every time lol Youre not alone there Cant argue with that logic  :OOF: Anyway Im Vietnamese as well but Im shit at the language oops We traveling Aint no virus gonna chase us this way I sometimes lurk because nobody pays attention to me anyway O Stuff Life Hotel? Its anarchy Like nature intended UWU You caused magic Max And I thank yee Its anarchy, like nature intended ? Hehe I like how the OG members stop gushing at each other for the newbies to start saying dumb shit Me? Ah Well @kaitoo as Ive noticed in this server, the longtime members love to compliment each other to the death while the newbies lurk all awkward like because were still new and barely know everyone See what I mean? XD Were just cogs in this machine ~~the nasty~~ Stuff We got St Paddys Day coming up but thats being cancelled because HOORAY CORONAVIRUS Also congrats Kyo You officially adulting Ya yeet Id be down :mmYea: But the big question is @kyo are dogs allowed @kyo was...was that an Asian joke? No Thats me Wym And if anyone gets their fork near my Rusty, I will take it and jam it up their ass all the way to their esophagus Hmm! :WTFthonk:  Yes Im just gonna rip Squidwards nose off and then call myself A Minecraft villager And convert to the hmm language Im gonna be rebellious and speak American :LMFAOdead: Just ran into each other and pops out the little villager :aww: Thats a wonderful story Oop Yeah Hbd! @Wormwan @kaitoo yeah whats it called? I got to finish EoE right before they announced the apps cancellation. It sucked but I at least got to know a beautiful doggo and spent every single diamond on her  None of the LIs interested me tbh  It was the single life for me because who needs men or women when you have a doggo Pfffffft Extremely unpopular opinion: I was just mad Pavel wasnt an LI He Was A Hot Russian Man Nuff said We only got one stinkin hug but no sex scene and I was thoroughly pissed His behavior changes in case people keep forgetting so idgaf about his past religious phase Anna moves on, Pavel moves on   Yeah its slow af so far Ye  A slice of Royalty life anyway Ooh and that old dude from the free clinic New face and everything Fair Ooh Cool Yeesh maybe thats what the hiatus is all about xD fancy ass hairstyles @oge am I still part of the PB raid?  After all I am in the same state so yall need me to guide you over to where they are  O Stay safe Viv and tell all your elderly loved ones and others with compromising immune systems to stay safe and stay inside as well! My professors have been exclaiming that they wouldnt be surprised if the community college might end up doing the same thing. We are the biggest in the state and probably the country after all Nobody is allowed to die before me :WTFthonk: Im a motorist in California. I almost kill myself every day Smh Luckily Im a cautious driver so I narrowly avoid committing roadkill Same And Im glad And lucky :bigmood: Kk Furi :WTFthonk: Alright thats it. Hes giving the whole ass thing to me Bio is better compared to Chem. At least bio doesnt have math :mmNo: I suck at memorizing in general and yet I prefer bio over literally any other science You have to memorize stuff in math too, you know Im surprisingly good at political science, mainly because I had such an enthusiastic and passionate professor last fall I miss her ;-; So yeah, math can eat shit and die @Andromeda oh nice! Too true btw Same goes for American political science Guess its just an American school thing then... Frankly I DONT miss those. I was done with Phys Ed my second year of high school My community college is gonna be debating today and over the weekend as to whether it should shut down campus starting next week oh boy Frankly I kinda just want one more reason to stay home away from humans in general Me neither I have one lab for chem class and labs are obviously impossible to do online I didnt spend money on a new lab coat, a pair of goggles, and latex gloves just to sit on my desk gathering dust Not to mention the fact that not every student has internet service at home, let alone *a* computer @oge youd be surprised. My school has a handful of homeless students Lmao God now feels slightly less important And look how well that turned out during the French Revolution  They tend to surrender every now and then but mmkay Also peep the Yellow vests movement yes change his name to Karen pronto Welcome! @nerd Hi :Thot: What superiority complex :WTFthonk: RCD sucks in general xd It would seem Im the servers official Bryce fanboy My vote is still going to him, idc who has the most votes  Bryce Is God tier I dont give a damn Bryce is the only LI I ever need out of OH  Lol @Deleted User ily Oof And I oop Meh Eww Auroras getting happiness  Shes my new bestie now. I will protect her from Harper if I have to Sienna and I can teach each other Vietnamese Bootyful people that are valid :pleb: Oop Pfffft Gross Ooo Release schedule is becoming wack O True ~~Still waiting for MW2~~ ~~IL3~~ ~~TE3~~ PB seems done with TF gang forever now Mayhaps If they ever get enough money for the art again Grayson UWU Hehe Lowkey been thinking about replaying the book again for the hell of it Im busy binge reading OG HSS and AME tho Ive got so much time ahead of me now that my school finally had the audacity to close campus Aww Furi ): Oh XD Facts Eh https://twitter.com/sierrafurtado/status/1239010073877164032?s=21 Highkey dear god dont even get me started The USAs stupidity in Corona beer XD They genuinely thought it was gonna give them coronavirus by drinking it :WTFthonk: Istg I- Welp ig natural selection will take its course then Agreed His doctor recently stated that he tested negative But honestly I dont believe jackshit after the bone spurs bullcrap Total cases: 1,629
Total deaths: 41 According to the CDC Nowhere is safe tbh An elderly woman died in the city right next door to mine, which finally caused my community college to make a decision Thank god I drive myself Yup My anthropology professor is already confirming our online class Just depends on the elderly demographic *is infected with COVID-19*
Hmm I wanna travel Oof No Brycey all the way, idc if he doesnt win Idrc tbh *Me a Bryce stan just sits back and watches while gouging on popcorn and croissants* :WTFthonk: Punny Furi the Princess watching over us UWU Keeping us behaved Like good bois and gorls No Pls Dont Are they gonna wear the tight uniforms?  :0 Good times G o o d times :pleb: Oh boy A new cult member :0 Lol Cool Boredom. Lack of interest. Etc. Punny Priyudi Morning Paige Oh we do I friggin love this O.o Furi is a Princess ffs DO IT Princess doesnt mess around You mess with her, you get the spanking Rusty is wishing her well Viv  ? Lmao its his chew toy XD its a lil mouse chew toy Actually my dad took the pic (: When I first got Rusty, he immediately became my dads model for his photography hobby Updates Viv?! Yes shes giving birth That is emotional support right there Wholesome Awiee Im pretty sure even with an ultrasound, you wouldnt be able to determine the number anyway Litters are randomly numbered O Ok Nice xd True tho You could also post an ad for adoptable puppies :dopeystarey: That is awesome Yeah oof XD *What can I say except youre welcome* @Andromeda gotta pick only one . Im sticking with Bryce so yall can suffer this stalemate :dva: Sowwy Furi Its anarchy rn And its both beautiful and ugly Slow mode time Madness @Deleted User boi same Ikr Well shit @ing everyone has really made this worse Man I love this chaotic server Viv the Server Queen I will gladly welcome that penalty with open arms Viv is bootyful, now sit down HP REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE NOOOO Same @zebreano  Slowly but surely Wed all die, fun stuff  The server general chat Several people are typing... already off to a good start  Now everyone is asking who pinged them The inactive members are returning because of this incident Max... . Respect the birth process Name the runt after me Viv Yas Zee GET IT Welcome! @Bloodfairy  And stop it with the jinxes. Theyll get in the way of uberbot Xd (: This is literally the most calm General has been Sit down Bite me Its improving But its currently the perfect amount of calm rn Shall I whip out my popcorn again? Oh dear Paige has done it Just for fun, to identify ourselves with stuff Meh Aww Im sorry *hugs Kyo* Anime profile pic only @oge will know what Im talking about XD Lowkey would buy PB merch because Im running out of things to wear They even discriminate over there? O.o Oof Yeah I know But still Yeesh And I hope your doggo has a healthy birth  Dammit the exact same time I gotta eat lunch with the family :/ Ill see if I can finish quickly but no promises //: @azula sending my thoughts and wishes to your doggo And your future grandpups Ik You havent updated for a while so I assumed Thats good Her spirits are still high :dopeystarey: Also nice on the Viet test results and dog her Viv thats @azula ily!  fingers crossed every single one of them makes it That discord outage tho Also skool Cya Dammit I wanted Uberbot ): cya YAAAAS Kk Doge also oof ... Smh @UB3R-B0T I love you Wow You werent kidding Doge @UB3R-B0T love me ): https://twitter.com/brendonisdead/status/1239442716611747841?s=21 Lowkey would be down for this My individual professors are still setting up everything online Is your school still going Kyo? Well damn so you guys are pretty much on an early spring break @azula everything okay? Oh no Thats good about your dog tho You cant know for sure until you get a test Oh god lmao It should be illegal to insert Viv into BaBu @Jinii Minii she actually does have a sister XD Yeah... Understandable xd Well we dont want people turning into idiots like Americans are Theyre hoarding shit left and right Leaving nothing for people that actually need it Yeesh Its our new reality... For the time being anyways I guess but like I said, its being hoarded by people that dont need them Theyre full on in panic mode and not thinking straight Oh yeah I read about that Some dude got fired trynna warn the public or sum Did he die? Fr? Yikes I dont get these scenarios. Public must know but we cant let them panic! Ok then lets stay silent so that it explodes in an even bigger scandal! Meanwhile US government is so worried about the economy that they poured literally everything into stocks to calm investors nerves and people be whining about how we gonna pay off student debt? Pfffft rich people are more important than students in debt Yes lol Its an educated guess Paige no We wuv you Viv Nausea and gut feeling  :/ :WTFthonk: Lockdown means literally nobody on the streets Ordering online doesnt make a difference Reeee Yup My mom hoards stuff in our fully stocked fridge so I wont have to worry about going out to eat  :c Om nom That...doesnt help Sneaky sneak Noice Oof NOT WORTH IT Uh Viv is living her best life rn Chips are considered perishables iirc She found them but she aint touching them Beats me Because logic runs this world :WTFthonk: Theyve got bigger fish to fry Well by their standards anyway Rice has become a valued commodity  Wtf has this world come to New Jersey accents are also smexy As long as its not from the Valley, thats fine Southern accents can be smexy too We dont got anything impressive lmao Just regular Apart from a heavy population of Latinos Whom btw Are Smexy Not just smexy but downright hot Usually tall, dark, and handsome :OOF: Yeah two weeks has been the recommendation for schools and businesses lately My mom had to come home early from work yesterday because literally nobody was coming in So she gets a two week vacation too Im guessing the only people still working obviously are government officials and the entire healthcare system Are you guys also switching to online classes @Deleted User All my exams could potentially be online so therefore open note, open textbook, that sort of thing Viet food is *chefs kiss* Pho especially @Deleted User You should try it whenever you get the chance They have it everywhere tho  @Deleted User same. Never got the hype about it But I respect people who like it Mal Is King Mal Is Magnificent Choose Mal Mal ftw Mal god tier Mal is most god tier Paige I will slap you silly :WTFthonk: Well I have Um My foot And its kicking your ass ^ YES Its ok to have wrong opinions Paige :hawyee: No u :reverse: I said it I called it The loafly kind GARLIC BREAD IS MWAH Yes sir HAHAHAHA I hate myself for not thinking of it first ): Yes you never sak at it Excuse me Bish I am DaHOEmieDrew I better have respecc Well- I mean- Damn youre right :c I am the ultimate DaHomoDrew The only thing special about my birthday is Pompeii being destroyed by Mt. Vesuvius Hooray people were buried alive in lava and ash And it remained quiet ever since Dont you mean Soot Uh just to name a few for my day of birth when it comes to well known people I dont know half of these names lmao Damn nice one Paige Thats hot  Bruh my birthday in terms of historical events Rip Pluto :hawyee: The waffle iron tho Mwah Actually youre right .-. The scientific community changes their mind like a girl changing clothes F Yes my Princess @MaralinaSakura holy hell thats hot That pose tho Holy shit thats what you did with your teenage years? O.o I could never  Mosh pits sound intense  especially when you mentioned your body size at the time XD :OOF: Aww Ill pass too :OOF: Yeesh Did you have a glo-up? XD YES MARA Oh boy Get a room you two :GAY: :eyez: Am I witnessing something scandalous right now?  Twilight really is a comedy tho Same Viv I want more of them Mal points Actually same tho Just a smidge anyway Mal genuinely has some good points tho He did grow up an orphan on the streets after all. Very cliche background but still A very unique POV of the world It is most certainly not all sunshine and rainbows and just once in a while can rules be thrown out the window  Lol Yeah sure I submit sometimes Other times Im just like whatevs XD Fr?! Woah @DuchessCassandra in-real-life squad. Only post irl photos in there DAMN BITCH Yo  You were certainly a rebel Who did not conform with the religious times lol Holy hell You know, come to think of it, I was actually the same way occasionally. I have vivid memories of kicking sand in a kids face on the playground, kicking a dudes back down the slide, and learning how to swear at an early age  I was prolly 9 or 10 when I shouted Son of a Bitch out loud in class when I couldnt figure out a math problem Oh shit Samesies #DumbAsianGang Also fuck math Okay 20 seconds in and lemme just clarify that I DO NOT sound like that on a daily basis  And secondly, I may be a Choices hoe but I aint a IRL hoe  Yup I skipped to the 3:00 mark And uh Wow Shes definitely clueless and interrogative XD And hes just living his best life They were sassing each other back and forth and Im all for it XDD Well bitch if thats the case, then you can have him :WTFthonk: I aint got no side bitch :LMFAOdead: I became DECEASED when I heard the boyfriends voice on the phone Elsa is Vivs dog LMFAO Anyway VIVS DOGGO We are at peace NOOOO Duh Bruh its a meme Its both a brand and a meme tis a meme eh :eyez: rando stuff XD OWO Pffffft like you even have to ask But in my case, Ive been rooting for male MCs since the beginning of time and they usually almost never deliver It just randomly popped up after I finished a chapter of HSS Dude, theres nothing BUT videos about coronavirus these days. Who even cares about being demonetized at this point? The YouTube algorithm for that is crap anyway. Explains why a lot of big named youtubers added the Join button to their channels Dumbass American young people  I could not for the life of me wrap my head around those spring breakers Istg they grew up with their brains outside of their skulls  Old people think its disrespectful when you dont let them disrespect you I back talk to my mom in English and she never understands me  xd Luckily my mom doesnt know a whole lot of English so I get away with it most of the time Aww character development Thats good Anything helps Pfffft hsjskakslslsk But it fits so well Of course lol My high school discontinued senior year quotes because some staff member claimed one of the quotes was too inappropriate I forgot what it said but it was dumb. Nowhere near rated R kek :LMFAOdead: @anh there are none that can get past the iOS firewalls just do what i do, diamond farm the books you hate to get more "Why is my husband gay?" :LMFAOdead: @Inoko It Lives is god tier I walk my dog one time around the neighborhood every morning no wonder their business is going to shit my hometown's GameStop closed up shop years ago and i havent seen it since :OOF: I would so love to play Cards Against Humanity again someday Bruh Theres an online version of everything at this point XD Ive played the physical card version with friends Both online and irl can be extremely fun @Deleted User youre somewhere in Asia? Thats in Asia But like way south Anyway yeah :OOF: It is for CERTAIN members of society, like disabled peeps for example nah thats relatable hes not talking about dreams hes not asleep when coming up with scenarios when im trynna sleep, i just whip up some scenario in my head that could never ever happen irl ~~like having a love life~~ @i-like-cops so, Parker Shaw huh?  i just assumed because of your nickname XD male cops hot https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 i wouldnt know @Deleted User probably i never played female MC so idk same ive grown out of that phase xd kek https://twitter.com/viviannmarie_/status/1242208143976906754?s=21 This...this is the best thing ever Wear protection (   ) Bruh Dammit Uberbot . There we go @MaralinaSakura ooh how about a backstabber scenario? Trusted friends whove relied on each others shoulders for so many years only for one of them to take a figurative knife to the other ones back :pleb: People are so bored with quarantine, theyre starting harmless challenges on social media like the push-up challenge, most embarrassing baby photo challenge, and drinking shots challenge Oh and welcome! @Deleted User Wow I got my first smartphone my first year of high school. My parents figured THAT was when they feel the need to contact me in case of any emergency or just to check up on me, since I took the school bus to and from school Same Mara   Got it all in one Paige  XD Just Distant Shores in April And possibly With Every Heartbeat sometime this spring no no mention of it in March's newsletter either oop ahem Priya, wanna discuss BB further stay in #choices-chat :eyez: ANYWAY anything can happen to Charles at this point and i wouldnt be fazed im one of those who see him as a scumbag after what he did to Diana AVSP sounds like more hot garbage More rich people nonsense Mixed with sex Sadly Lol :considering: No youre not the only one All the extroverts in my social media feed are whining about needing socialization and Im just sitting and chilling lmao My house is my sanctuary tbh FFS BitLife  Bitlife was supposed to be my escape from real life lmfao True :/ :aww: Lmfao Shit Because Anyway yeah speaking of naming countries, as an American, I cannot deny what Mara said about our very very narcissistic and self-centered education system Throughout grades K-5 were always taught about the most innocent version of African slavery but by the time I got to college, there was no more sugarcoating. The whites did EXTREMELY shitty things to African Americans even as the country was developing Not to mention our dumbass president who, btw, is handling COVID-19 poorly (side note), cant even fucking point out a country on a blank map and say its correct name And he has the audacity to threaten our culturally diverse politicians by i quote (Sending them back.) Telling them to go back, whatever bull hes hopped up on Hes honestly just asking to get roasted because every time he goes on his Send her back rants, people can say, Well can you point out the country on a map so that we know where? Way better than I couldve done And I had straight As in geography back in high school I was literally the only one who got a perfect score on the final exam The countries werent hard to memorize at the time I love social studies The only thing I was ever good at in school Ive had to had to study it all four years of high school and I didnt complain  Smh I mean, whatever helps... :WTFthonk:  F for Africa XD @Tyr dw thats pretty impressive The USA has 50 and it just allows us to run our little state our own way In many states, LGBT rights are supported and in some others, not so welcomed Its very culturally different Thats pretty much the USA too Agreed with Bread tho Show off :eyez: I cant for my life remember the podunk redneck states kek Like I can name them because of a childhood song I had to memorize about states but probably not point them out on a blank map Fifty Nifty United States  We aint nifty tho Alphabetical order, yeah @ill miss you rae https://youtu.be/5pOFKmk7ytU Ye 9th grade geography memories We actually listened to this song in class on the very first day Hell yeah Id be down Well duh That would be best Lmao now we have to name all exceptions and non-exceptions Because apparently, there are still technically and not technically countries to this day I genuinely find that surprising Anyway to answer your question Kyo Wales is considered a legal jurisdiction Its a constituent country of the United Kingdom So all in all, Idk .-. Idk hockey :WTFthonk: :eyez: Is that just called regular hockey? Ooo Daaaaaaaaaaamn... Luckily idc for sports so I dont bother being offended when a country is offended using sports references lel Oh ok cool Lmfao I dont blame you We aint special Id avoid people when visiting another country too  *looks at American football* I mean theres tackling and risk of head injuries, even with helmets So yeah oof I know Furi American football more deals with HEAD injuries specifically Ya yeet And the men in sports uniforms arent so bad looking either  Ikr ~~mayhaps~~ My confidence is literally down and up but mostly down a mother pupper feeding her pups isnt NSFW its all good, i like to mispell on purpose sometimes too XD time zone buddies Paige :3 its all good in the hood now ikr imagine exactly its safe for work yuppers to the puppers have you seen the film Onward yet Viv? its so friggin good yeah, no hint of disney, now that you mention it one of the female characters mentions having a gf so im all like, hell yes which one? does it have a name yet? o tf xD oh yeah the movie about souls after death seems really cool actually, touching on the subject of death for kids but agreed with viv, thats a lil dark oh yeah i mean its death either way same oh yeah the other name for Halloween @azula YUSTIN VEEVER how so? no so basically rich people gaining clout from singing about the virus and self-isolation and resources we take for granted oy vey Oh nice Im 175 oof You said you had medical conditions right? Damn Im sorry Jesus ): *hugs back* Youd definitely be Jade Viv But at the same time, I dont see you as mean and scary XD kek Ooo Tiny but mighty ~~pls dont kill me because I called you short~~ :aww: Dipper Pines, Ian Lightfoot, Emma Hawkins, and occasionally Andre Harris Thats amazing God I miss Gravity Falls Her sarcasm is so amazing Also this XD Of course lol Lmao Misleading title :LMFAOdead: I can imagine that kek :mmYea: asdfghjkl Im a big Squidward mood the minute I turned 18 No actually this is more like me Im definitely Shaggy grand turismo now that was childhood  Cool Ya yeet Yay Its coming the first week of April so obviously yeah But of course, thats up to the staff They are strongly similar :WTFthonk: Rip :pleb: Pffft siblings are overrated. My younger brother was a snitch my whole life so hes essentially just a little shit who happens to live with me kek Praise be YouTubes suggestion algorithm If I ever walked in on that.... Discord is being slow rn I feel another outage coming Mine are starting this week inb4 the entire information superhighway gets gridlocked from handling too much traffic as far as i know, i only have my chemistry class on zoom k god pls no Book 2 of that trash better be an April Fools Joke or so help me i will riot tends to make light of a dark subject we havent even done that but okay go off ig cool story 2020 better say sike on April 1st, i'd like that very much imagine xd calling program Paige kinda like Skype for business peeps making meetings its different for a lot of classes and teachers/professors theres barely enough room at my house so my PC has to be in the living room and anyone in my family could just walk in  lol Doge "Tomatoes are generally accepted as vegetables for another reason. They are not sweet. Other fruit that is generally accepted as vegetables include zucchini, cucumber, avocado, bell peppers, pumpkin and butternut squash. There's a general assumption that all fruit are sweet and all vegetables are not." -some internet search @kaitoo wait i can make a compromise https://tenor.com/view/why-not-both-gif-11478682 do you not know the reverse jokes Priya? xd its a big meme XD when someone says "no u" you respond with "uno reverse card" i think so? ugh damn, right before my mom called me to eat lunch D: sowwy, my mama said no XD but have fun y'all bc she is one XD we're talking about namesakes from Choices Priya from BB Andrew from HSS xd it is of Indian origin after all lol its very common, yes yup ye its a unisex name so its a perfect default for both genders yeah from Hero @Deleted User deadass will name my kids using an online randomizer system lmfao bc im not creative or original ooo agreed about IL3 @kyo but its soooooooo much work XD kek nice and its blue too, my fav color but im still too lazy to learn lmao i mean to this day, i'll eat pho with a fork XD im such a westernized Asian everyone be shunning me and i'll own up to it :mmYea: welp im one of the few (possibly only) human(s) who dunno how and is too lazy to get around to learning xd Lmao Duffy in the top right corner Or better yet, fading away into non-existence saying, Daddy I dont feel so good... Yeah there you have it. Puppies are your tutorial for actual human parenting (Not entirely accurate of course, duh. Im not a BaBu writer) :WTFthonk: See the server icon? It already has  Read what I just said. Were doing it as well Just the icon anyway Everything else is still normal If you scrolled down the channels of this server, youll find out Exactly That answers your question Guess youll just have to wait and see Personally i dont mind whatever happens for April Fools. If it gives me laugh, Ill just simply enjoy it You must be wildly fun at parties Oop Its hilarious kek Yup :LMFAOdead: QUEEF But Paige Its Bootyful And?  He really is Scary ass baby that never ages Adam, that one was actually the most normal looking and accurate portrayal to real life babies From OH Ethan Hudson All babies are irl Yes Exactly ^ Smh Lmao Human births are wack Mothers make the excuse that they instantly fall in love with it the minute they lay their eyes on it According to science, no Lying on the back is the social norm Idek I heard that science recommends some type of aquatic birth. Giving birth in some safe liquid filled tank or whatever tf that witchcraft is Cya Doge Beats the hell out of me I just saw a video somewhere and apparently a lot of people recommend that type of birth Water tank Or whatever liquid they use https://youtu.be/Xep1i_1on5M Again, beats the hell out of me Guess you just gotta hope the mouth and nose is facing upwards when its yeeted out Like just barely above the surface of the water Personally birthing babies is heavily overrated anyway. Why not clear the foster homes? Make the missus life easier  Who cares about continuing the bloodline and genetics Its considered backwards thinking at this point Your kid doesnt have to have the same color eyes as you just so youre able to love them Oh yeah thats becoming a mess right now Doctors are suggesting at-home births because hospitals are still clogged with COVID cases Yeah The damage had been done Nobody expected it hit so close to home Its not really their fault They didnt know Nobody could Im 19 and so many of my peers are already off getting married and having kids and Im just here like :WTFthonk: Ill wait Until Im at least financially stable Because lowkey, Id like to adopt kids AND doggos someday Same Its just a nice thought Pfffffft Real dogs are god tier Omg Paige ); Priya dont say that No dogs deserve street life I simply hate when dumb ass humans feel the need to chain their dogs in the yards their wholes lives Thats. Fucked. Up. *Becomes Deviant* I would encourage it XD Because thats our future  Detroit: Become Human Its a video game And its god tier XD youre good But yeah D:BH is beautiful. Truly Quantric Dreams best work Right next to Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls We Are Alive! I love Pacifist Markus Much better ending Bruh I mean yeah the bald heads and gentle faces xd Im glad Im not the only one who still drinks milk as a pastime XD So many of my peers are genuinely disgusted of milk Theyd rather have almond and soy alternatives  Me, I like some good homogenized milk Chocolate milk is *chefs kiss* Ooo Noice Dammit yall, youre making me crave milk and cookies lol And thats a childhood classic  Different brands of water does have flavoring, yeah Meh, I drink Kirkland water and Im cool with it That too Jordo Do you think youll ever get your own smartphone Priya? Sooner or later? Oof Aww @kaitoo bruh lmao And yes BitLife is lgbtq friendly (: It always has been Oh Lol @Deleted User nice ass HSS campus tho ATLA     :heresthemf: XDDD 1. Mountain Sound by Of Monsters and Men
2. Fireflies by Owl City
3. Obstacles by Syd Matters
4. White Shadows by Coldplay LMFAO you "missed," you didnt "kissed" ye @azula i dont listen to Vance Joy but i can see that (: Brendon Urie is a GOD Im still getting them sup why? something wrong? what happened?! https://tenor.com/view/ight-imma-head-out-spongebob-imma-head-out-ima-head-out-gif-14902967 i mean you are a fool, so you aint wrong there joke's on you, im still a few hours behind April 1st, so you dont have any effect on me :mmYea: idk wtf that is jkjk some type of Pokemon or whatever :OOF:  PEN15 no shit sherlock short and stout?  April Fools LMFAO Lighten up DS most certainly looks promising im still a confirmed full-blooded Viet !! oh wow :0 i get mistaken for chinese but that was because i went to an all-white elementary school ._. @Andromeda i live in Southern California, USA but you never set foot in the Valley right? xd bc Valley peeps tend to be stereotyped as the very basic white people yeah California aint half bad @Andromeda i mean- you just sound normal to me i wouldnt put a label on it its perfect ig i kinda do lol i consider myself so westernized at this point i mean duh, i was born and raised here same also same "merry" you gotta pronounce differently emphasize on the "e" like m-eh-rry  fuck why did i pick a blonde one lmao  Thats better Truth be told, I dont fucking know. Maybe for some reason, salt water isnt that effective??!! Anyhow the drought is the LEAST of our worries whatever, i wouldnt live anywhere else personally its comfortable to say the least well then have fun being swept away to Oz KEK Viv, i try very hard to avoid strangers XD i dont bother with small talk with anyone ._. i mean certain white people really do need to learn to stfu was he drunk? o not even with a damn "please?" XDDD you were THAT type of kid, whose parent must always apologize for everything bad you do or say lmao my mom can shut me up with a simple yank of my ear wuh- damn pfffffft paranoid asses but after 9/11, who in the TSA isnt shit you were a wild child you spoke your mind and did not care fuuuuuuuck i couldnt attempt to make an outburst of any kind in public bc my mom managed to shut me up with an act of discipline so id say i was well-behaved for the most part until i started learning swear words at an early age and got sent to the principal's office every few months back in elementary school at school, i was a shitty kid, who EVERYONE told on whenever i acted out by middle school, i started keeping my mouth shut and only spoke when spoken to first then bam, warped into an introvert shoot In 1958, the State Department explained that the terms " Near East " and " Middle East " were interchangeable, and defined the region as including only Egypt, Syria, Israel, Lebanon, Jordan, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, and Qatar. So the answer is yes, Egypt is a Middle Eastern country. -Quora apparently so but both ye is that considered a reasonable question? bc now that you bring it up, idek anymore very weird what place in the world ISNT the result of political collateral damage everyone tried to colonize everywhere "aww look its a baby country filled with primitive savages. can we keep them? pls?" oh wow damn woah i know nothing of my grandparents' involvement in any wars but my dad served on the south's side in the Vietnam War, he is very anti-communism and still to this day deadass he uses facebook to troll pro-communism pages its hilarious, i caught sight of his camera roll. its filled with anti-communism memes a lot of it is in Vietnamese but i get the context from the cartoons oh boy lol that movie is god tier for an old timey movie, the effects were phenomenal oooo kk  going back to Hunchback, that was also in the top five def dark, def religious, def god tier right? that one is very cute i thought you were gonna say the actual sisters XD XD lmfao Viv conversation from #choices-chat continuing @azula thats what National Pet Day is for uncultured swines lol F i dont have the tech skillz, sowwy ;-; hmm night Priya Uh ANYWAY loving that new cover  Kinda Idk Eh Meh Couldve used a male MC But welp Correction: straight female population No Its not Thank god Where I can bitch about genderlocked books in peace without some shithead harassing me about it? Yee :pleb: You can if you want. I havent got a clue how to make one, PC or mobile xd Kk ^ lol Been staying within my neighborhood since March 17 For me, probs until June @kaitoo if this mess continues until August then I will spend my birthday in quarantine. Aka like every other year XD :OOF: Dammit doge xdd :OOF: FECK Yeah......Id rather wait for release day, tyvm COD: MW is a good shooter AND storytelling game Fabulous Furry :WTFthonk: Furry ): :eyez: Are we discussing genitals?  :LMFAOdead: My dog doesnt even want his dog peen Kek He was snipped before I adopted him UwU night just WEH thats about it with every heartbeat sometime this spring thats coming god knows when last month hsjllaksaks its been spring for a while now yes yup they can be, especially for SoCal like i dont even have autumns anymore, just an extended summer then poof winter SoCal Southern California ah XD well im in an area called the Inland Empire we're far away from the coast im right up against the foothills yes basically anything beneath Bakersfield is considered SoCal this gives you a basic idea long beach is def within the red well it is in the desert :WTFthonk: personally ive never been but i can imagine that might be accurate lol pffffft try California, thats where most asian immigrants came when the country started to develop rural USA is boring to say the least just tornados and farms NYC has all types of neighborhoods for almost any ethnicity i've been to san fran, vegas and DC but thats about everywhere ive been outside of my hometown heh :OOF: lol old habits tend to stick ig xd Weird right? Lord knows if theyre actually raking in money or saving it for other things  fml i have a zoom class that goes on while DS comes out smh discord good @azula same girl same  white Edward good next week YE is discord becoming slow for anyone else? literally anything being sent right now is delaying probs just the file capacity links AND pics smh  i fucking hate it when racists make Asians-eating dogs jokes. pisses me off bc i have a dog myself btw its not accurate when you generalize ALL americans doing that, just specific people who just happen to be bigots yeah just fyi, i may be asian american but i def dont make fun of anything or anyone foreign. i aint a parasite of society yeah some people are staight up dickheads period looking to use race any chance they get to piss people off bc they have nothing useful to do with their lives god... i couldnt deny that even if i tried i fucking hate the current POTUS he can eat shit and die what the actual fuck ffs for an elderly person, youd think hed have more class than that kek damn WINNIE THE POOH :LMFAOdead: even during covid, some of these politicians straight up have their priorities in the wrong places eCoNoMy this and eCoNoMy that, yo none of that will matter if all of us are ded xd nah too much trouble, too much work why bother going through the effort if its not even worth it in the end im not doing the dirty work for him nah well maybe ~~if im desperate~~ like i just know i wont be good at sales pitching xd i lack the social skills Priya its not about "too early," its about knowing how unfit my personality and way of thinking fits into that concept it can be tbh true wealth status shouldnt mean squat in friendships people who think otherwise are just shallow pieces of crap lol Depends on the teacher and the class I had I took chemistry in the 11th grade and my teacher did NOT teach whatsoever So he would deadass walk out on test days and wed all whip out our phones and cheat He doesnt even specify where hes going. He just walks out and we look up the answers XD Same Just that one class of mine Everything else I did fairly Because my teachers actually TEACHED You still miss it I understand Ive never been stressed to the point where I had a breakdown or ulcer Dunno how I handled it tbh and when all else fails, cuddle with the nearest floofy animal > I mean, it was good at first but now its getting pretty annoying
@Deleted User  that is the piping hot tea > too much Ethan these days
@Deleted User  ^^^^^  Haha Im such a hypocrite tho. Ive gone for forced LIs in the past like Sawyer and Beckett, but Ethan is just  its always Florida thats wack lmao there must be something in their water yes thats the joke everytime a populated area earns a reputation for something bad, we say there's something in their water XDDD ^ Welcome back btw Imho, Witness is a glorified porn book. Im unmodded and I dont think the diamond choices are worth it No I never was ^ It Lives is god tier Diamond choices were def worth it there ^ Yeah thats adorable  @sarabee welcome! ILITW good The term Caucasian is wack but it do be like that sometimes White is just the most simplest term to use Caucasian is more scientific Like female Yeah it would seem they have their own sub-categories Yeah that That top one tho bears dark memories Yeah... Hitler was all about blonde hair and blue eyes and he had none of the above :LMFAOdead: Definitely not true. Israel is hella progressive compared to the rest of the Middle East It depends on the country Countries tend to favor their own history more so they teach that Ooo Thank Exactly, theres never enough time to cover everything in just one academic year Oops White people ruined the UK and the USA Dunno how it happened, but some Caucasian shithead in history just declared out of nowhere, Hey Im pasty and pale, that makes me the more dominant race right? :WTFthonk:  @kaitoo thats why we have #music for that lmao @kaitoo :eyez: @Deleted User there is no such thing as too much history  Mugging up? Ah Well Ig that depends on your motivation I love history so it was easier for me to memorize stuff Up until the Holocaust, I was such an innocent history lover Then came the Native American treatment, the racism, the treatment of Jews, I was like okay wow we were shit humans back in the day I studied both Europes POV and American POV of the world wars And then there are the Americans that preach neutrality up until whoop as our own civilians died. Lets hop in on the fun! REEEEE I know They were secretly helping the Brits WWI we were neutral up until Lusitania and in WWII we were neutral up until Pearl Harbor iirc Ah Pretty much 2-D WWII did help the USA recover from the Great Depression tho True Doge Atomic bombs were just glorified flex-fests Bruh Tru Many people This server tends to be bustling with activity when we get excited about a specific topic  Lmao I hate you Doge Because This Is Anarchy ^  Inside good ? I use soap no matter what Just water is never enough People recommend washing your hands to the length of two Happy Birthday songs Couldve been both Idk The last few weeks, Ive been singing Happy Birthday twice to my dog in my head while washing my hands xd Oof @oge :eyez: Lies Elizabeth could kick your ass Doge :eyez: REEEEEEEE Lel Oml Hey I sent that already in #memes :eyez: Woah  Popcorn has never tasted better than a time like this Watch both of yall copy and paste both your countries from the internet bc he's a misinforming dumbass and doesnt know how to choose his words carefully yeah he implied a certain type of it "slows or cures" COVID-19 and the patient that actually listened and took it died my mom and i share a dislike of cats xD they're little shits but can be tolerable :WTFthonk: Shes a spoiled brat Extremely How does that bish know math and has that toxic ass personality is beyond me  Me and Jordan are a few hours behind so we have an excuse  And so am I :WTFthonk: Chop chop Washy washy :eyez:  Wow Same My parents were never into that at all Well my parents are old fashioned Asians after all. They tend to stay away from that certain lifestyle Im just trynna not to die from secondhand smoking My college unfortunately is a smoke friendly campus but luckily there are designated smoking areas. People still tend to do it outside of those zones obviously and it pisses me off But of course I dont have to worry about that for the time being Yikes A summer school class I had back in high school almost got cancelled because some kid who was smoking weed before class wouldnt confess to stinking up the classroom We wouldve all failed automatically if she hadnt gotten caught Mind blowing to think she almost ruined it for the rest of us ^ Its unfair @Deleted User yeah that just seems a bit unnecessary I dont think I was ever unreasonably kicked out of class, nor in general Shut up :eyez:  Thank you?  Hard worker/stressed out/different High school was hella stressful I hated it there Not to mention the fact that Ive just received tea that my high school was actually corrupt as hell Teachers getting each other fired through lies and conspiracy and affairs it was beyond ridiculous Of course my hometown was filled with conservative rich white people so literally anyone can get away with anything with the right connections Parents threw such a hissy fit over our LGBTQ Pride Club Lmao if yall dont like it shoving their agenda down their throats, then move Jeezus Not to mention theyre endangering themselves by not cancelling in-person gatherings Usual family values bullshit Yeah I just wanna stay healthy All the conservative world leaders and corrupt rich people should just perish :OOF: Hes about as clueless and dumb as his American counterpart/twin Natural selection joke Lol Trippy Imagine using light mode Cheap traveling prices does not equal I should totally travel now Ew sure why not Priya Redfield was different Redfield was the result of some dark power i think Viv meant the gift to see spirits great story, now i gtg shit my pants oooo ._. i havent had sex period lol im a forever virgin spoopy wah :WTFthonk: . Good lord Lol In any case, yall be extra careful whether playing safe or unsafe Shouldnt we at least move this to #nsfw-chat lmao Oh wait Niko doesnt have 17+ role *Imagine* Yes she does @Deleted User Viv has the 17+ Squad role Oh wait Nvm Lmao Im dumb I SAID SORRY Well I said nvm And I realize after checking it myself Oop That oof moment when sex turns into love Havent had sex for 19 years Sex talk #nsfw-chat ya horny bastards @Deleted User you need to ask for the 17+ role Sex Jordo Because Oof Princess Grandpa @azula and your BD is after May? Ah so Furi is definitely the server elder Wdym? Im a 2000 baby Xd Im older than you Hoerdo Whatever :eyez: I was born on the day Mt. Vesuvius threw up lava onto nearby Pompeii :caticon: Yes it does 1999 babies are 90s kids Ive been awake since 7 AM PST and I nearly missed my 8:30 Zoom class fghjkl Priya, my class has more than 10 students and we need video chat We couldnt do class on a public server even if we tried  Public servers only have VC Group DMs can only sustain 10 people ;-; If youre talking about group DMs then thats a fat nope still only 10 max that can video chat If youre talking about public servers we could only do voice chat and my class cant work on only voice chat That hasnt been possible yet, has it? We can go live sure but only sharing our screens, not our faces Ive yet to see a video chat option in public servers Going Live just means sharing your screen, but no facecam A handful of us I turn it on just because ~~sometimes I just wanna show off my doggo~~ Thats what we do too No class needs to hear dogs barking and toilets flushing through our thin ass walls ._. Woah  Cool Damn Lol Welcome! @Catherine Favorite book and LI? Noice Sean is god tier and heavily underrated UwU Lol Hol up We already have a Doge in this server No @oge You can if you want But he might fight you  We shall see In the meantime *microwaves popcorn* You never know  But nice pfp Same, its my favorite past time next to dying inside uwu Mayhaps Who doesnt lol :OOF: @Catherine they should be beaten :eyez: Jkjk But srsly Ladies ladies, youre both edgy O Y :jebus: ive seen that before magick idk i love that its what Android phones display Paige lmao when you're on a different app while using another one thats still open bc y not "Yukki's Cock and Balls" these two are so cute, dont you think Paige?  online school? hol up so you just kinda told COVID to fuck off? :WTFthonk: if you dont mind me asking, where do you live? hmm you'd think they'd take the pandemic more srsly are you fr i mean didnt they JUST threaten to kill anybody who ignores lockdown? either that or i read fake news rip ttyl so Phillipines and COVID, wack i dont think anybody does xd i have several friends there they no like either it really do be like that :bigmood: well regardless hope you stay safe and stay healthy uwu yo im sad that Sanders dropped out great Biden vs. Trump now this should be good @Niko love the name change haha Well only a handful of us still exist :hawyee: @kaitoo WAIT U LIVE IN CALI FGHJKL YES :aww: XD grrrrr Doge, where did you find this video of Ethan? I didnt realize you were that into Ethan  I believe we did  A very good question :hawyee: lol Mine seem doable by far. My dumb ass just keeps saving them til the very last minute xd Because Anthropology How was it for you? Ooh human anthropology, nice Well cultural anthropology to be specific but thats lowkey interesting I basically have to relearn Punnett squares in Bio Anthropology and I hate it I dont get how the majority of my peers find them easy when I barely know whether to capitalize which letter for which box  Quarantine = irrelevant sleep schedules but eyyyy good morning back Remember Paige? Were dumb Americans refusing to use Celsius fghjkl Oh pfffffffft 77 is nothing for California With the right amount of outdoor breeze, Id call that bitchin weather  Just about right Lel California is occasionally like that too actually True tho Paige At least we dont have it as bad as Australia tho where they literally have an ozone hole right above them But thanks to the stay-at-home orders across the world, I wouldnt be surprised if that hole were to patch itself up sooner than later The environment is making a decent recovery after all the polluting factories closed and less cars on the road Ugh I just hope this is actually a chance to redeem ourselves. Maybe some of us will start coming to our senses https://www.cnn.com/2020/03/31/asia/coronavirus-lockdown-impact-pollution-india-intl-hnk/?hpt=ob_blogfooterold I mean this is a sight for sore eyes Amazingly This is what it looks like when corporate greed doesnt get its way Ooh cool! Looks nice with a blue sky huh? Oop Still, gotta admire the fact that for some older peeps, they havent seen a blue sky in that area in ten years Did it happen to be sunset? Oh pfffft thats normal XD Sunset skies have the prettiest colors Wuh? So whats purple sky to your area? O Kk have fun! Say hi to Jake for me   heck yeah Ive been awake Its 5:48 PM where I am @azula whats up? Nah not really. Just my moms which is Loan Low-ahh-n Thats as best as I can type it Im almost certain that there are SOME but Im not entirely sure I dont blame the cat Ham is delish lel @azula oh shit lemme rephrase what I said because it made no sense. I meant to say that nearly all Vietnamese names are one syllable and that SOME may or may not have more than one syllable xddd Also yes Hoang is one, Im pretty sure Curiosity alluring you rn huh? Where my moms family live, right in the middle of Ho Chi Minh City, it smells like seafood literally every corner you turn And the rainy days are a big hell no mood because its all sticky and warm and the streets in my grandparents neighborhood get easily flooded, water can get ankle deep But overall, Vietnam is aight @Ne-Rwby-On yes were still talking about Vietnam Anyway Vietnam isnt my favorite place in the world but I wouldnt wanna live there. Just an okay place to visit from time to time Southeast Asia can be wack as hell during their respective rainy seasons Not sure if its the geography that was already there to begin with or that the cities were poorly designed Fr?! Damn meh it was often a literal shit show in there anyway White Edward  Ye White Edward is still a winner in my heart UwU ~~Holy chiz, that was cheesy~~ Dont forget the essential oils and hoping for the best lmao this book is shit tier ew typical Chinese gov't oof wtf istg some people actually DESERVE to be left behind in school Zoom has been having a lot of issues with intruders with their porn lately, its revolting we know night night  oops wrong skin tone lmao hyper, thats what i meant when i said wrong skin tone DONT YELL AT ME :eyez: reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee :mmNo: :OOF: Right?! same ): Probs just a stereotype Like how Oh all Canadians are nice and polite The internet is a liar :eyez: Uh huh the only Axiom that comes to my mind is the ship from Wall-E and i read every word of the lore tablets, they genuinely fascinate me and it does a better job explaining the BOLAS world's background better than ATV ever could We have And the way is wack Ive never signed up for an online class in my entire life so its all still new to me to this day. Im slowly getting used to it but its not easy I live in a relatively safe neighborhood with good schools, good police, and barely any natural disaster threatens my area so yeah, in-person classes have always been the norm for me Theres a pornhub song?:WTFthonk: omfg extreme wack Lmao This is so weird Sadly you cant change the mindset of an entire country Theyre stuck in their old and traditional ways and values and are too stubborn to progress Only thing you can do is raise awareness And if you happen to live in a homophobia hellhole, run like hell and escape and never look back Out of all the Asian countries tho, Japan is hella progressive compared to the rest They have Tokyo pride and everything Theyre not perfect but theyre getting there Oh yeah forgot about Taiwan Thank god I was born and raised somewhere liberal and open-minded Tfw  ._. is this the part where im supposed to care? punny even birds can take a hint better than most humans Lmao Tacky is putting it mildly nope i was not on discord most of the day ): Wack Why does that remind me of Stephen Kings Cell It actually is Its really good Also I dont listen to KPOP period so I dont have to worry about that weird stuff I still have it Bitmoji stories are the most interesting things on there and I only ever wanna see those over my friends stories Same hat, Snapchat version of me ~~Priya=big boomer energy~~ Jkjk :hawyee: Sure! T&HM is hilarious i loved it the mainstream shows anyway and some of y'all are really young so we cant blame you guys for not knowing what they are ^ i mean same but i still know what half those shows are xd I dont even watch Silicon Valley but apparently Im 89% Jared Dunn I can see myself as Nick Carraway tho. I tend to be the third-wheel and spectator ~~almost every day of my life~~ Ooh and Im Leonard from TBBT dont know what that is xd i only watched a little bit of it, but not a lot i know who Bart is tho Same thing with BSC Wedding proposal, a glimpse of a future, and thankfully no wedding book I know Oh right yall were talking Book 3 concepts xd My bad I skimmed the convo :pleb: Fuel is hella cheap now that less vehicles are on the road And dont even get me started on the recovering environment (: Quarantine aint so bad Factories have stopped being filled with workers and those buildings are the ones pumping stuff into the air Not to mention non essential flights have been grounded so no stuff coming out of those either Well either way, factories and cars both contribute and it would seem that less and less of those are becoming unused Jeez Doge stop being such a cynic and enjoy the breathable air and visable stars   Welp the animals will certainly enjoy it No you couldnt, not in perfect detail anyway Smog and light pollution mess everything up Okay but Metropolitan ice cream sandwiches Probably Didnt she already have that hair tho or am I missing something? The games code itself Oh I see And yeah Viv, theyre calling out the people who are accessing server binaries, aka the people who know how to access the code and chapter scripts WEEKS before their official release to everyone else Its against their Terms of Service Yeah I dont have a high opinion on WEH neither. Looks generic and cheesy Apparently its gaining an increasing fanbase. People seem to love it Ask them yourself PB apparently knows more than we give them credit for Nah they never mentioned diamond choices and mods Im sure they have a long time ago ^ Its mostly happening on tumblr according to some of the fandom But also here in #future-spoilers Doesnt stop them from acknowledging that its anywhere possible Likely Like how some Storyscape developers managed to find your Storyscape server @azula If they were even legit God knows They apparently outed themselves The Storyscape developers No Im not I remember very clearly Yes Disney Found it Yes they found out about the mod Thats why some of yall progress was reversed Yes This was yours Viv Anyway I told you :eyez: I have a vivid memory when it comes to these things Only after Storyscape shut down  I been knew Those were gems @azula lol its ok Viv. Tbf, you stopped being active on there WEEKS ahead of Storyscape announcing the shutdown xd I mean no offense but yall modded had it coming. How else were they supposed to make money and keep making new stories?  Were lucky the FB moms are keeping Choices going, even its for the wrong reasons FB moms didnt know about Storyscape Both a bad and good thing, Idek which I didnt stop you then, Im not stopping you now  iPhone > Android. Idc what yall say Oof Kinda yeah But Im still using my iPhone X to this day So Yeah that was sad It kinda did But I live with it Apart from formatting and dark mode which were into apparently xd I love dark mode on my iPhone tho. Hella noice looking Emojis are just better looking on iOS (: Cool What product DOESNT shit on its rival in a commercial I get my iPhone wet-ish all the time bc Im a klutz AND I drop it at least 100 times per month and how the hell is my iPhone battery life still 90% :WTFthonk: Maybe my iPhone is just one of the few lucky ones  All my iPhones have been hand-me-downs from my dad and he takes good care of them so half the responsibility came from him Every time a new model comes out, he gets that one while I get his old one Its a nice system Im okay with it I never use earbuds while charging my phone anyway so Old Reliable here has helped me through plenty of loud obnoxious crowds at school and in public Thank god for music in general It literally drowns out the world around me Mostly Owl City, Coldplay, Of Monsters and Men, Avicii, and Lights. Heavily underrated imho so not a lot of people I know, has heard of them Of course you did lmao Oh god Id rather not be reminded of how that little demon corrupted my childhood XD But eh LMAOOO Nice the worst is yet to come, according to certain countries in a way, we're still on the tip of the iceberg and some idiots in the USA (obviously conservative Republicans because who else) are already considering reopening the country and their selfish asses are protesting out in the streets with their CHILDREN health workers are either continuing their jobs or staging counter protests things are getting more fucked than they were before i'd never joke about something like this if Trump wasnt politicizing the pandemic, his supporters most certainly are they wear their Trump gear and waving American flags while honking from inside their cars nothing but a freak show, we'd actually make a fortune if people paid to watch it by Zoom unfortunately yes Charles Darwin is rolling in his grave as we speak @Ne-Rwby-On ' Rolling in one's grave ' is an idiom to describe an extreme level of shock or an intense level of surprise or shock, and is expressed as the vicarious sentiment of a deceased person. It is a Hyperbole. basically if an important figure was still alive, they'd also be disappointed bunch of selfish, careless, and dangerous clowns i sincerely hope natural selection takes care of the bad seeds Hence why world peace is impossible :LMFAOdead: But life goes on Wuhan aint a small town xd Its a whole ass city But yeah Wack People are too focused on themselves and hating what they dont understand to worry about the potential danger theyre in Explains the Jewish hatred during the Black Death Dead and buried while the world dances on our grave Im very certain conservative Republican governors who still havent issued a stay-at-home order for their respective states have brainwashed their own civilians into thinking the economy is more important than staying alive. Florida governor called the order inappropriate. INAPPROPRIATE HOW?!?! Has Floridas water got into your system too? Circus freaks But uh MAGA I guess.... Right wingers are a poison Its like the people who dont believe in the Holocaust ._. Oy vey California and unfortunately we have conservatives here too protesting Gn Man Scandinavia were supposed to be the good countries of the world My school hasnt opened since March 16 How spoiled Dont forget their hair Paige Massage is essential :LMFAOdead: Bruh crack your own spine And FLOSS LMAOO Jesus is my vaccine Well thoughts and prayers to you :WTFthonk: Im a catholic but even I can acknowledge that prayer doesnt fix everything People will do anything for attention Look at my new tinfoil hat Mommy! Doesnt it make me look pretty and stupid? :aww: The human race is facing an exam and half the class are already failing it They think they can take shortcuts but naw ^^ lol XD I just wrapped up exam week last week Yup It varies actually One of my professors actually wants us to use our mics and cams while he uses some type of technology that tells him whether or not were looking up the answers Beats the hell out of me Sadly All my exams are timed as well The time limit is pretty generous Do you know how many questions youre getting Doge? Oof Bro chemistry IS math at times Clearly Good morning yeah i too only ever go outside for school and/or errands and if the occasion should happen, i go out with friends or visit their homes those were the days but im thankful for the free time at home enjoying it while it lasts bc most of them are conservative republicans who care more about profit and the economy than well, keeping their friggin people alive Their MAGA hats are cutting off the blood flow to their brains. They havent been able to thoroughly think since 2016 They were tolerable at best even before but even so, theyve been enabled to become worse But sure, lets declare golf and haircuts essential services  I mean come on Las Vegas Throw the old mayor out. Yet another dunce cap wearer thinking closures are total insanity during this time Anyway rambled there for a sec, I honestly dont fully understand the control group thing Merica LMAO You do understand sarcasm right Hyper? :OOF: @Carina welcome! Favorite book and LI? Fair @azula oh, no that rarely happens when Pixelberry hasnt put in a preview description for the following weeks chapters Right now, all updating books say Check back soon for latest update. whats up actually i dont sorry xd i know zip about my extensive heritage rip i can only help you with so much about Viet culture xd also HBD @Altair probably not a whole lot those that were westernized only ever wanna stick with English and the ones that know fluent Chinese likely JUST got here as exchange students or sum wack Sadly no Vegetative state? Tf Leader of North Korea @Deleted User I mean dictator of North Korea RIH. Rest in Hell He and his forefathers cared more for their military muscles flexing rather than taking care of their own damn people F North Korea seriously needs a reset button Hyper its not gonna be any better That doesnt help with anything hyper https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otto_Warmbier Dont end up like him Hyper Ikr Shit was fucked up College student who allegedly tried to steal a North Korean flag We cant trust a thing they claim So much for social freedom in 2020 Extremely We pinned too many hopes on 2020 I just wanna see the whole Kim regime collapse in the near future Probably because theyre a medium sized system. Easier to ahem control No that was 2019 Wait Nvm My grades are slowly improving || Addiction || That whole meme shit was just fucked up Same Viv Theyre all amazing in their own ways No She was Nickelodeon I highkey miss Selena as an actress Tho Ariana seems overrated imho Oh god That shit was sad I love Elizabeth She was hilarious F I call BS on that tbh The Victoria hate train was fucking annoying after that debacle They had a zoom reunion too Eh she had her funny moments Imho, she became even more annoying in Sam & Cat Her voice just became unbearable in that spin off Big time After only one season Yikes Yup And friggin Freddy is a MARRIED DAD NOW I love that Miranda is still friends with Drake and Josh too God they may be older than me but whenever I see them today, I feel oldER Drake and Josh good Miranda was bby in that show Omg Raven HELLA good Viv do you like Ravens Home? How was it honestly? Ah I see Ive never seen FRIENDS but I know enough to know it was a good show Might turn it into my new binge session, idk @Andromeda oof Ill see if I can XD :OOF: no denying that tbh just know when to slow down or just completely stop and ditch the idea when he dies, the people of North Korea wont be crying out of fear, they'll be crying tears of joy yeah... some still manage to escape to this day genuine tears of sadness? i heard they only do that because intimidating armed guards are standing nearby to make sure they cry yeah ugh mhm crying in order to avoid being shot on sight @Deleted User beats me But god I hope not I just wanna yeet the Kim regime off this planet  At best, HSS is the only minor-friendly story in Choices Everything else, play at your own risk Risk of innocence or brain cells Ive actually seen moms review Choices as something teens should avoid xd After one year of high school, the content Choices contains should be NOTHING compared to what you hear and see irl Most youll see is damn, hell, and crap and those are nothing PB always does the fu- or oh sh- Welcome! @truuaz I see youre a person of culture  ILITW good Oh hell yes That book is also god tier Hey its quarantine. You have all the time in the world  Fair Also fair Thats good too I love my Lucas and Parker :romance: Deadass waiting for October for the right mood to replay the It Lives anthology VOS :hawyee: If only COVID would stfu already Oh hells, finish them! Theyre good mysteries :mmYea: Yes Its really good People didnt like Hero or ES for that matter simply because of the unique artwork Too cartoon-y :WTFthonk: Hyper Istg I will castrate you and youll never see the light of day or discord ever again Same. I hate the heat. This coming from a native Californian Jade was definitely toxic and yet Beck admitted that thats more his speed :WTFthonk: @Andromeda Avan is hella gorgeous Do you two argue loudly too? Lmao To the point where your respective group of friends start feeling uncomfortable Oh my, a dominant bf  There was literally one episode when Beck actually put Jade in a time out and it was both hilarious and adorable The only time he called the shots XD First of all, all of us are and only humans. Not many of us can do enough to help out our local communities. Second of all, why isnt THAT dude doing anything to help out his local community but has enough time to guilt trip others? If thats the case, then the guy is utterly lazy and wastes away his time on social media trying to convince others to practice what he preaches but never actually gets his hands dirty nah that was just for April Fools it was great tho wasnt it xD :eyez: :shifty: :LMFAOdead: :eyez: Oof xd oh  @Brainstormher same hat lol i always follow walkthroughs even on my first playthroughs Meh I could do without historical fiction Not my thing Yeah it wasnt that bad Bruh the dude on the balcony at the end nearly had me the first half, ngl Imagine a parachute in that time and era lmao I guess I wouldnt say no to something like this on Choices :dopeystarey: at the new icon you're a bootyful soul Viv Nah Mal > literally anyone else @leitgo65 yes there were two stories with male MCs its finished :/ done blame Disney they owned Foxnet so was Edge of Extinction ;-; i still miss my husky never speak of those :eyez: Storyscape was god tier im not modded and i still enjoyed it shut up Doge :eyez: HBD @Catherine and @kaitoo Oops Even the modded are having troubles :WTFthonk: I never thought Id see the day :OOF: Ooh a superstition "Mean Girls is a 2004 American teen comedy film directed by Mark Waters, and written by Tina Fey. The film stars Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, Amy Poehler and Fey. It is partially based on Rosalind Wiseman's 2002 non-fiction self-help book, Queen Bees and Wannabes, which describes female high school social cliques and the damaging effects they can have on girls. Fey also drew from her own experience at Upper Darby High School as an inspiration for some of the concepts in the film.[3] The movie introduced Amanda Seyfried in her film debut." -Wikipedia Mean Girls is basically every straight girl's and gay guy's inspiration for a sassy personality. cliche high school drama and getting back at the bullies, *while* roasting them or sum. i wouldnt know, i've only ever heard things about it xd IIRC, PB sorta kinda already achieved a Mean Girls type of book with the first 4 TF books, i think this new one may or may not take it to another level xd or basically any one of the books where Becca was still mean guess we'll wait and see No Maralina ;-; Non-night owls can be strong too Imagine wasting away your day sleeping. Couldnt be me :jebus: I SAW THAT PRIYA XD You know what you did Priya :eyez: Against the name of this Christian server, how dare you The only proof I need is the word of the Server God And He knows what you did :eyez: Ravioli, ravioli, give me the formul-oli Thank god Im on my phone SAW THAT HOERDO Excuse me I am Gaysian Tyvm I am :WTFthonk: Priya is a freak of nature UNRACIALLY PROFILING MEH ;_; I picked Americas squad because I live in North America I didnt pick that role because I didnt think they were talking about my ethnicity itself XD Meh Too much work Mr Lawyer Hoerdan, Priya has refused to enter a plea deal :aww: My hero UwU Thats not a plea Guilty or not guilty are pleas Double the diamond request Hoerdo :mmYea: :eyez: :dopeywhat: :dopeystarey: For unracially profiling me  She says Im not Asian even tho I am :eyez: The AUDACITY XDD Well now you know Im Vietnamese and I tell no lies If I say Im Asian, then Im Asian One might even say *Gaysian* Fork it over They spell it differently in other countries Paige XDD Ill take a check UwU Ah so we have met the criteria Pleasure doing business with you Next time I wont go so easy on you :eyez: We like to have fun Paige  ~~Ill pay you with a lap dance~~ ~~So be it~~ :mmYea: Sausages? Yes. Other things? No Because I like the sausage XDDDDD Sure Paige O Ok Hoerdo Yeah well  Oops Sorry Anyway back to seriousness Im still gonna eat meat overall I can never go full-time vegetarian Now THATS wack ~~Accusing me of stating the facts? What a concept~~ Jkjk You do you Californias is 18 Yeah it varies throughout the states Im looking at Japan with shifty eyes tho :eyez: 13 TFW ~~Imagine consenting to sex when youre still a wee pre teen~~ Yup Thanks for the sausage btw @CoolCCMystery Depends on how its cooked Agreed Paige Omg yes Crispy good Cya Priya Ooh nice rhyme Yes it does Paige xd Yes it does Wait NOOOO Im asking about Cya Priya rhyming LMFAOOOO Anhiro Begone :eyez: pREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEya

There, thats correct Priya were joking around ._. Coulda fooled me O My full name is actually Andrew XDD OWO @Weiss Lmfao I was just pinged twice :WTFthonk: hi i return from mandatory dinner with family good i had homemade banana bread for dessert *chef's kiss* noice :aww: oh my @azula @Strife someone needs to cough on him already that was the point of my comment. its already implied @Deleted User https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=The%20Nut%20House but uh this is the dirty mind so nutting would mean || cumming || Priya you poor innocent child hehe ~~I'd go to that house~~ :mmYea: But didnt you already lose your innocence when you started Witness? :WTFthonk: But she peeks in the code and #recent-chapter-spoilers kek *bangs gavel* :considering: @azula oof dairy barely does anything to me in fact, my parents blame me drinking milk every day growing up because i grew taller than them asjjksjklsa aside from water, milk is my favorite beverage milk is good especially after you've eaten something spicy prolly depends on the brand there are some wack milk brands out there Chocolate milk very good Was she the one that threw her cat across the room? @Ne-Rwby-On Prolly both Either way, good riddance Pluto deserves better :hawyee: uh no, sing Into the Unknown same Welcome @Mirz Favorite book and LI? Nice nice That shit sucked hard and contributed absolutely nothing to the educational system Nah I graduated in 2018 My high schools reputation practically relied heavily on the CAASPP and honestly its sad Up until they canceled it by the time I was a sophomore iirc They used some other test which was also just as shit and confusing Oh god pls no I dont want those flashbacks Ironic, Im one of the few Asians to have scored below 1000 :LMFAOdead: Fuck the SAT It really doesnt Thank god Glad I dont aspire to get into a UC anyway LMFAOOOO Same hat @Black Scepter Theyre trying to weed out low income people kek Apparently poor people arent allowed to be smart Lmao imagine taking an AP class to begin with Could never be me Ew I took all regular classes and I turned out fine Oof I will not miss taking Spanish. My first two teachers were fine but my third one for Spanish III ruined the experience for me forever She was a bitch I was always a C student in Spanish  I have no motivation to learn and master a foreign language so oof Also the forgetful part No Its bad enough putting up with Vietnamese at home Oral exams were especially the worst. Hated those about Spanish classes > the way he didn't respond because he's studying for his spanish exam 

At it again @oge Back when I first started community college, a group of classmates and I created a group chat on Snapchat XD :LMFAOdead: Accidentally :OOF: :bigmood: My younger brother is......literally just there My brother is three years younger than me We basically tolerate each other at this point welcome! @xanthipe fav book and LI? Ugh Southern California is also having an early summer Also kill me Tbf Paige, a lot of people arent used to us and our Californian heat XD Their bodies are not used to it @kaitoo like we can handle triple digits in Fahrenheit no problem but other peeps at just 90 or 70 can be cooked on a driveway Thats bitchin weather Lmao Id pick mountains over beach any day Exactly doge, I prefer cold over hot Cold > hot :eyez: Im a simple Californian. I cherish every rainy day we receive Cold gives me an excuse  to wear hoodies all the time ^ I prefer layers tbh. Makes me feel all cozy I hate showing my legs by wearing shorts lol Hot chocolate tho  Ice cream sandwiches tho :eyez: Thats it. I must shun you now Paige No Metropolitan ice cream sandwich *chefs kiss* I think its an American thing only? But eh what do I know But just like every other Stories app, Choices falls into that very trap And yes Max there will be a BOLAS 2 Well obviously they need to finish Book 1 first Its WAY too soon to think of a release date for Book 2 I mean its only a week. I can tolerate that knowing a book 2 is in the near future AME2 One might even say *Distant Shores* Sorry not sorry :LMFAOdead: Hehe Same Would love to see Pixelberry try an alternative society with wack rules and all that jazz Hunger Games, Divergent, The Purge Ooh and The Giver Well I mean you like the old timey dystopian stuff and thats cool The stuff I mentioned is more modern-like-ish I know We just read different dystopian stuff that came out in different eras is all 12 hours, not 24 And yeah THG mostly forced children and teens to kill each other Its all good You read your own stuff and I read my own No biggie Yeah there was a dictator He was technically a president but society knows hes a dictator Thats cool You like the old style, I can respect that I honestly know little to nothing about 1984 or Animal Farm so well call it even xd I know We like what we like Well all I can say is, 1984 sure loves their ministries xd Yeesh And no offense, but Animal Farm kinda straight up sounds like a childrens book but at the same time, I can see that it has a more mature adult concept ~~So an altered version of Zootopia~~ ^ :hawyee: i wish i had that tbh, being able to lose weight just like that my mom being a typical hovering asian mom, likes to feed me constantly and guilts me into doing it even when im not in the mood for food she keeps lecturing me about diabetes but little does she know, she will be the cause of my diabetes :LMFAOdead: tell us your secrets Viv o :bigmood: except i cant cook for shit apart from knowing to operate a rice cooker for some reason im scared to welcome @playchoices and idk why xd  @azula prolly consult a professional yeah im also scared to welcome @PlayPixelberry  true only these ones are actually staying Pandemic tends to bring out peoples inner asshole, especially those of higher power same hat about the rain SoCal just wrapped up the wet portion of spring and i already miss it i'll trade ya some of mine it gets pretty chilly at night havent experienced sticky hot rain since my last trip to Vietnam for the USA, it wasnt just roll with it without the insulting its just the way it is anyway got my mom a cute card with a doggo on it and short note that says "Thank you for putting up with me no matter how much we drive each other crazy" ikr so heartfelt @BigHutchHO Boris doing something right? woah You kyo-an do it a stretch? i mean its my usual crappy puns :hawyee: im not worthy of no more kyo puns i still have so much to learn @( ) milquetoast  i dont think so. it just shows one Replay symbol but i wouldnt guarantee it It Lives and Parker good  People are also calling for it to be free instead of the usual capitalism nonsense Honestly Im torn about it Like yeah sure money is needed to fuel the economy again but you really wanna continue profiting off of peoples suffering once again? Both sides seem pretty reasonable But idk People will be crying socialism or capitalism or whatever tf At this point, Im just hoping the world is rid of covid forever Obviously not soon based on the disgusting display of natural selection outside government buildings Not to mention the new school year People will do anything to jumpstart the economy again I hope theyre mandatory We have no room for anti-vaxxers and their usual dumbassery Truth Same here Prolly gonna spend my birthday in quarantine too. So nothings gonna change compared to my past birthdays Homebody birthdays ftw Although the one unfortunate part about my birthday this year is that my dog wont be with me. I just realized he wont see me barely surviving for two whole decades Fuck my life thanks Jordo  August 20 being a 2000 baby makes life easy if i ever forget how old i am, i just look at what the current year is after August xd i have no doubt my memory will end up crappier eventually ~~only Schuyler i know of was a hot football player back in high school~~ also Resident Evil franchise good noice RE7 was pretty good too tomorrow for my timezone im still in May 13th ~~But what if I prefer it that way~~ Ive only had to go out to run errands but thats about it I have to beg my mom not to come with me since shes slowly going crazy too but I wanna be able to blast my music alone in the car again. Its very therapeutic Especially in times like these The one thing that is truly driving me crazy during stay-at-home orders tho is online education I cant believe Im saying this but I MISS in-person classes Especially those Living up to my dumb Asian persona Ikr After seeing me doing the bare minimum throughout high school, my parents pretty much stopped expecting so much from me. Theyre pinning all their hopes on my younger smart brother now Anyway so long as I get anything above a 69 im happy for life Thank god where I live anything 70 or above is passing Jeez its a stereotype cliche but yeah whether its a limo driver or town car driver it def gives you some type of reputation as being able to afford a private driver i mean how else are the wealthy supposed to flaunt their snootiness :WTFthonk: iirc Vietnamese rich women back in the old days used to have long ass fingernails to show the public that they never get their hands dirty so therefore their nails grow long rich people are wack like very :OOF: oh wow ah i see, live-in servants ooh doesnt surprise me. all that power and wealth can turn someone into a greedy airhead essential service workers def deserve more credit and oh god he sounds like a pleasant one to have at parties also how sweet and generous of you of course agreed. unfortunately, some rich people cant grasp the concept of "treating others the way you want to be treated" :/ poor people tend to be the more down-to-earth peeps but he's still the epitome of rich pricks oh yikes Go mom the breadwinner queen thats basically all Asian moms' mentality my mom always pulled the "we have no money" excuse every time i asked for a toy but you right it encouraged me to stop asking for things *the next day my mom goes out to buy me new clothes* humility good part of being a decent human being ye yup, main LI has a fiancee *typical* more 1v1 for the LI prize beats me well according to PB's blog, this is supposed to be a depiction of our "inner most steamy fantasies, like the steamiest" by "our," PB is referring to FB moms, as per fricken usual Viv a PHAT mood they ruin everything, including the Choices player demographic their ugly personalities and tastes speak for themselves they unfortunately do us younglings are too busy looking for mods to play for free lmfao Hyper how are you not caught up with this type of internet culture? we practically rant about them all the time oof Viv im afraid to ask how you even know about the group of 40yos oh the one im in as well? with like over 20k members or sum oops scratch that, 12k huh, you'd think i remember if i ever saw a FB mom rant in there since im almost always there ah ew i see FB moms being more active on Choices' official page with the verified blue checkmark instead of the private group that was perfectly well-put Viv  that was the whole ass nutshell you are indeed a world-class traveller they usually do ye im part of only FB and Discord o: all four sections of the Choices fandom and their behavior overall yup hehe im an iPhone user and know what an APK means, but mainly bc i hung out here long enough i lurk the APK convos on here they're the equivalent of rich donors donating to politicians in order to sway their policies and votes ): whatever happened to the vibes of MW and TC&TF where making choices actually MATTERED?! and actually had an IMPACT?! it still hurts me to this day It lives has quality if Tom went from supporting character in one book to LI in the next, anything's possible Joss actually did have character development, granted it was off-screen :/ yes she was talking to Viv thanks i love it Viv  the server icon i mean yeesh Welcome! @Nightstar Fav book and LI? Sure why not! nice nice nice its lips resembles Donald Trump's :WTFthonk: its been like this for weeks now and its friggin stupid this is why my mom wont be working again until fucken next year people want to get haircuts and go to the beach so badly, they're too dumb to even realize that even tho they might not get sick, they can still get others sick im so glad Cali still has the most strict stay-at-home orders of all the states but unfortunately we still have republican conservatives out and about being clowns and you right you're not wrong Viv but the thing is certain Americans mistake freedom for entitlement its gotten to the point where they dont even know the difference between the two anymore mY fReEdOmS aNd mY rIgHtS apparently some are too spoiled to look up DIY vids anyone thats carrying picket signs and dressed in all American flag swag in front of their respective gov't buildings WHILE the other half are honking their horns like obnoxious little turds shouting "dOnT tReAd oN mE" are just asking for deathwishes i hate the USA's conservatives. they're ruining this country they dont care who dies or gets hurt. as long as some amount of money gets put in their pocket they're mistakening the words "for your own safety, health and well-being" with "we gonna become dictators and strip you of your basic rights" oh shit really? better late than never ig... i cant believe some people couldnt even take the hint to begin with oh yeah, some are still experiencing racism and discrimination beyond dumbassery she went to school in the South right? Georgia to be specific? yeah they tend to be filled with backward bigoted bumholes i honestly dont get why tf that even matters in any scenario smh first it was brown people being asked for their immigration status when simply dining out, now its being Asian in public = having covid yeah their infection rates are increasing overall its pretty bad everywhere, even in non mainland USA like Alaska and Hawaii it just sucks in general i wont be going back to in-person class until prolly next year along with my mom and her nail salon work "Roblox ceremony" I- ok thats actually really cool Japan obviously reached the future before the rest of the world they're all about discipline and shit sis, i posted one over in #nsfw-chat way back oof i found the one with the milk UFO but this one... that...actually scares me a lot of bathrooms have those true welp xD well anime tends to portray the accuracy of Japanese culture that explains KPOP groups slender bodies, defined cheekbones, all that jazz same hat LMAO men taller and stronger than me are my ultimate weakness mayhaps ._. fucking hell Viv lol im 5'9 ): dont hate me bc im Gaysian o: XDD you will be hunted down tho i hope it was a fake one  "How I met Your Mother" i nearly took her eye out lol :OOF: yo im currently diamond mining TRR and Maxwell was so serious and mature in Book 1 compared to now in TRH now hes an actual child he had a neutral expression through most of Book 1 and he smiles so much in TRH, its almost frightening psych ward adventures sounded like a hoot and a half for Viv and Kyo oh goodness Shrek is life lel honestly same tho that would've taken so much work im a shit drawer too ~~but why is every white boy named Kyle~~  ~~when you're in quarantine~~ mostly workplace health concerns AND content modifying, especially with the Ethan nonsense in OH just the fact that he's forced gets way more scenes than needed idk thats just an educated guess when they announced OH would be on hiatus, they mentioned workplace health concerns only but the fandom speculated it has more to do with Ethan again, idk yeah ^ rain good i'd kill for some rain rn welcome! @nikos fav book and LI? nice nice nice thats just how amazing UB3R-BOT is hehe sometimes xD eh about a handful of other things we say to have fun with wanna know whats a good country? Canada nah xd just those three Bruhgghhhhhh no problemo and again, welcome to the server have fun (: We do talk occasionally Some days, the channels will be lit up with notifications Wack It doesnt always have to do with the Choices release schedule The only place where I get to release my inner Gaysian ~~But I end up doing that even outside of the thirst channel~~ It truly is  Sex sells after all Hehe  XDDD cant help ya im an Edward stan all the way because Doge anarchy embrace it XDDD im not even a weeb and i fall for Choices drawings too much true irl people suck anyway fictional characters yum skskskskskskksks i mean :WTFthonk:  oh goodie hmm not wrong there lol kyo attacking Rae or Bread? i could only imagine ah i see so kyo-ute CHONK :aww: no you didnt :eyez: https://tenor.com/view/penguin-hide-you-didnt-see-anything-penguins-of-madagascar-gif-15123878 :OOF: Happy International LGBTQ+ Day everyone! :lgbt_heart: Let it be a reminder that homophobia has no place in 2020 :lgbt_flag: welcome! @JakeyJ fav book and LI? nice nice nice psssst im the one from FB who invited you XD again welcome to our humble abode :pleb: pick some roles if you'd like and you'll be on your way to being a full fledged part of this bootyful server haha coolio apologies for the obnoxious dorkiness :dopeyoop: discord is being wack rn this server doesnt show up on my phone but on my PC, its visible i shall do that Ooo nvm its back Didnt even have to restart Yeah sadly thats why most non-COVID patients are afraid to step foot in hospitals to begin with they'd rather take their chances either elsewhere or at home if they're pregnant and its time for delivery how common it mustve been back in the day with at-home births without modern medicine Ikr HBD! @YukkiMons Oh boy, I sense drunk texting ^ :ethink: :WTFthonk: and?  He really is tho oml :mmYea: Okay woah  Hot...damn... Some type of softball game concluding iirc MC and Aurora did || When they found out she told Mass Kenmore about the coma patient || I didnt even want to be mad ffs. Choices forced me to argue with her ;-; Like fr, we were allowed to shrug off June for || snooping through MCs files|| but not Auroras actions? Tfw :jebus: Eh he reminds me too much of Ethan  :jebus: :jebus: Omg I love the Old Gays videos Track them down then cough on them Welcome @pckt! Fav book and LI? Nice nice nice ES is definitely good Nah same here. That series was god tier Which ending did you pick? If you remember? Yeah all endings were depressing in their own way But I personally wanted to save the world so I also picked the Vaanu ending. An act of self sacrifice Gotta go with the ending that results in having good morals even if its sad  But they do deserve a future With their loved ones too of course Theyve been through a lot after all. Its for the best imho Anyway again welcome to the server and hope you enjoy your time here! And have fun! Im currently replaying TH:M so imma get back to it  Ehh my family has been doing that for years and were still fine Doge if you dont even know how it works specifically, why bother questioning it ^ what up hoe good timezone 10 PM gang ~~i sound like such a child~~ hey west coast good https://tenor.com/view/wrong-gif-10241961 yeah well we dont claim him so the east has Donald Trump  west coast best coast ewww sticky rain bad cold rain good tho yes yes yes stay safe and dry Viv Bootyful  HA! amazing how these people STILL think to this day that COVID is easily comparable to the annual flu smfh they just shrug it off like its nothing hE dId nOtHiNg wRoNg never thought id see the day a modern-day politician's approval rating dip down into the negative :LMFAOdead: he's just ASKING to get sacked when he supports nimrods like Cummings every country has at least ONE of those scenarios... rEoPeN bC mAh fReEdOmS idk whats the bigger virus rn: covid or patriotism that too Benji hehe 20% are brain dead im slowly getting the gist kek gotta wait until June newsletter :/ Perhaps lol it didnt get cancelled it just got postponed for tomorrow I dont think so lol aww dude its so sweet you had her buried tho I brought home Rustys ashes a few days ago. I did not hold back tears in public as I walked out of the hospital where I picked them up I imagine thats gonna be me still in about a year as well. Its something you just cant ever forget Our fur babies Maybe someday, just not in the next year or two Awie!  Yeah I figured I might need a year or two to process and grieve For some reason, anytime just feels too soon. I might just wait until Im financially independent because my parents understandably dont want another living thing to get emotionally attached to. Pain is just too much They definitely were Yeah and thats perfectly understandable. At least theyre opening their hearts to more furry souls that need them ian somerhalder still looks hella young tho oh hell yeah  Cats & Dogs was cute dayum i never even heard of him until i found out he mo-capped for Until Dawn so i thought that was really cool yup! @Andromeda YES!! both Jordan and Rami are gorgeous Brett aint half bad either hehe he also plays a hella relatable gay disaster in a really old show called "The War at Home" i never loved him more as an actor after seeing clips of that show Sean same oh shit dude, stay safe things are just getting worse over there, i'd imagine Good All that were involved should be And not for protection Fr? Shit... Um yeah just because he can *barely* utter clear words, doesnt mean he can breathe properly Bro hes getting all butthurt that a social media giant, his preferred megaphone, is fact checking him and its beyond hilarious seeing him soil his diaper about it And he has the audacity to think that signing an executive order will do anything to interfere with the 1st amendment-related issue :LMFAOdead: Yeah that was a big no-no And then he makes it political by crying REEEEE THEY TRYNNA SILENCE THE CONSERVATIVE VOICE No child, youre just encouraging more violence Finally twitter gave the clown the biggest slap in the face he needed for the last 4-5 YEARS Remain accessible Nah get rid of it completely Honestly it was like a long-needed prayer that had been answered @Deleted User he lost the popular vote back in 2016. Unfortunately, our extremely flawed electoral college system voted him into office, despite not even winning popular vote to begin with It discourages the average American from voting to begin with because ultimately, the outcome could go either way. It renders our vote useless when it goes the opposite way than we wanted it to along with many others in the past serves him right was it ever known what kind of relationship they had tho? most likely they hated each other. why else would he kill him ever so nonchalantly yeah its the last day of May for Viv yup im pretty sure she's ahead of everyone in this server I'm PST oh my goodness i love the icon Viv ya :OOF: but still adorable nonetheless xd saaaaaaaame they're smexy as hell thats such an amazing alternative bench pressing you xD HA! thats great lol :LMFAOdead:  oml *sighs* Greaaaaaaat, first we had zombie ants now zombie fires :WTFthonk: Next up for grand ol 2020, California will finally sink into the ocean thanks to the Big One. Take me home Rusty! Mayhaps  Good to know I can start playing with low expectations again, as per usual with OH2 Welp  :WTFthonk: ~~didnt you already post this a while back?~~ ~~like three days ago?~~ Ye Sean good Pride Month starts tomorrow for my timezone Same here Pride during lockdown, this should be interesting Obviously as all public events that draw large crowds should be I should hope so Alien invasion February had Kobes death iirc My bad Anyway Yeah Those are a thing now Yall this is my hometown (I still live here btw) They dont wanna upset the white rich ppl funding their department Not even joking, were a slightly more conservative town, one of many in a very liberal state Homophobes, transphobes, and racists tend to get away with shit half the time Especially at the landfill I once called my high school Our Pride Club posters were torn down occasionally and it pissed me off Not to mention my old bio teacher, who also approved clubs, approved a Straight Pride club  Yeah unfortunately my family wouldnt live anywhere else. Were pretty much comfortable where we are, as much as we can be anyway, and Im still a dependent But believe me when I say, if I could, I would A lot of my old classmates from high school got the fuck out of here ASAP after graduation My towns police dept is funded by all the rich white people that make up the population so Im not gonna expect them to quit pandering to them anytime soon Yikes I also got these beauties a few hours earlier Reality is such a lovely place When they place curfew during police brutality riots but not months ago when covid was spreading. Seriously MAKE IT MAKE SENSE sometime during the first week of June yup sounds about right ooh now i know what August is gonna be zombie outbreak they were doing that in my town, but protestors will just end up putting them back again  hopefully even paint it somewhere its like they're embracing their new reputation, not even trying to repair it what law isnt honestly i agree its unfair to treat an entire group like shit bc of the mistake of a few bad apples exactly, some even decided to march with them perhaps we'll see some justice its honestly beautiful to see some white people using their privilege to defend black protestors in some of the videos going viral where was the tear gas when republican conservatives were protesting stay-at-home orders? :WTFthonk: make it make sense oh my, now there's a twist he really doesnt his clownery was confirmed when he threatened to sign some useless executive order to control Twitter just bc they fact-checked his tweets yeah he always tweets out that he'll "do it" but actually doesnt he's all talk and type, but no do yes as i've said before, all he knows are simple small words and nothing else he should stop with the pathetic charade that he'll "get things done" its utterly embarrassing but he wont  #BringBackBernie childhooooooooooood she really is the og abg tho What Altair said, its an Asian thing When push comes to shove, search urban dictionary That is awesome Mara  yeah, as if Discord trusts the person to do the right thing and either turn back or go on ahead now they're cracking down they've been doing that forever after all sounds like a regular every-day American accent to me ye, west coast mainly Midwest maybe as well if you're referring to the stereotypical "valley people" then in some cases, yeah Valley girl is a socioeconomic stereotype depicting a class of women characterized by the colloquial California English dialect Valleyspeak and materialism.

Originally referring to upper-middle-class girls from the Los Angeles commuter communities of the San Fernando Valley during the 1980s,[1] the term in later years became more broadly applied to any female in the United States who embodied ditziness, airheadedness, or greater interest in conspicuous consumption than intellectual or personal accomplishment. -Source Wikipedia kek honestly he sounds like me back in high school .-. i had a mindset where i too wanted to please everyone from literally every clique, i apparently wanted to be part of the "in-crowd" but not really ngl i was a weird high school student. i was so careful about what i would post or retweet and all that jazz just to gain approval. i was toxic in that sort of way yeah true. after graduation, it suddenly but finally hit me. im never seeing some of these popular kids ever again, why tf should i care what they think about me i cleared up my profiles of people i never liked or was never a huge fan of, unfollowed so many peeps that wouldnt even care if i lived or died so yeah i was like BYE!! yeah we really needed a wake-up call it really does honestly HSS was everything i wished high school irl was xd more accepting and shit but there were times where it was all sunshine and rainbows and i was like nah, this is too much they were jealous of you but yeah that too lel lmfao that was a big oof  yeah it really does sound really sleazy ~~oh that bad huh~~ I swear all the time with my friends at school but at home, I gotta make sure that Im home alone so I can swear over video chat with friends lmao lol yum sleeeeeeeeeep think of Adam Driver sorry im a mess rn, im in the middle of a zoom meeting and im barely paying attention and im saying dumb shit oh ok ily too even tho i dont deserve love atm ;_; oof gl :uwu: oh damn partial reopening #roast-pb for that Logical You people weird me out :eyez: welcome! @yoongles Welcome! @Quell fav book and LI? Ugh one of the reasons why I hate summer. Good thing Im forced to stay indoors anyway  nah what Anhiro said Heck you i want nothing to do with that witchcraft and? oops weirdos :reverse: :reverse: :reverse: pfffft its anarchy idgaf rules dont matter anymore i can roll with that :mmYea: welp i hate math anyway but you weirdos do you lmfao you're funny Doge we're too dumb where? next to the chances of world peace? you keep telling yourself that Kilometers are weird. Math in general is wack  :LMFAOdead: i dont associate myself with podunk hillbilly redneck Americans they can keep their clown version of math to themselves i'll be here ignoring numbers and measur....measuremen.....i cant even say it  lol i approve @Kwote well yeah and they have their dark wings wrapped around the WHO atm nobody is the good guy tbh every single one of them have major flaws nah replace US with "humans" welcome @ZATheDeadMan fav book and LI? nice nice nice dont mind us, we're shitting on the USA atm and how useless it has been to the world lmao we are :/ we hate environmentally friendly cars yup the colonizing countries ruined the world Hawaii used to be hella LGBTQ friendly before LGBTQ was even a thing until European missionaries had to butt in white missionaries ruined everything its not a call to "spread their beliefs and ideals" its putting their nose up someone's business where it never belonged to begin with "we wanna control your emotions and feelings and actions" same just like keep it within like-minded people who agree with it yeah we shouldnt be shoving it down other people's throats. completely and utterly wrong im catholic and i have so many atheist friends and we learned to coexist without making our friendships all about faith i find Trump repulsive he holds the bible for photo ops and nothing more Trump doesnt know shit, period he lies and his MAGAts buy them i'd be down ironic isnt it 
> I'm pretty sure all religions want you to be a good person, so it's stupid when people use them as an excuse to be cunts oh yeah NZ is pretty chillin rn @Andromeda yes i loved that @azula Doggos that never die  Think of it as practice for actual motherhood in the distant future After all, all dogs are bby children Youre doing great Viv i dont know any of these oy vey these days, people within and outside the community think that these people are just coming up with new IDs just for attention but frankly, im uneducated myself so i wouldnt know the whole story its just becoming more confusing to me. they definitely act all self-righteous and start throwing tantrums when we're barely trynna keep up i've definitely read stories and different scenarios, yes you get crucified for minding your own business and/or not taking the time out of your busy schedule to learn these new pronouns and such they're kinda just being extra and making themselves feel more special like personally, im all good with he/him, she/her, and they/them, but thats about it agreed nah im practically in the same boat as you thats a perfect example ngl honestly it just feels like so much effort with the multiple gender pronouns out there, whether coming up with new ones or learning them so i just dont bother mhm https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_Smith wikipedia came through for Sam Smith i was so happy to see this the website used "they" pronouns" "They rose to prominence in October 2012 after being featured..." eh its much easier to remember tbh i got used to it quickly ^ 2-3 of them caused fires that consumed half of my home state so yeah, i think they're stupid too straight up dumb as long as people dont play with anything explosive or fire hazardous, they can have their parties for all i care it is pretty stereotypical tbh you can have a few measly words printed on it, that should suffice i've grown to not care about surprises. like just straight up tell me and i'll react in an appropriate way. no need for some dramatic pause XDD my parents let me do my own thing. i find myself getting involved in the best of both worlds. i can get engaged in first person shooters AND spill my feelings and emotions thank god, my parents werent hellbent on getting me involved in high school activities, especially stereotypical ones yeah lol  :WTFthonk: Very understandable Tay NZ is chillin rn Expensive as hell but considered better compared to the Philippines And yeah I hope that rat bastard gets his ass kicked this November In many ways more than one Because hoo-rah for the electoral college, a very dumb system yt men gets to get away with everything  Tay if this is about your || body issues and image || please dont okay? Love you for you. Ignore the shitheads who tell you otherwise. Oh I see So ig its not really about being willing more like not having a choice... :OOF: i like Sean still  :hawyee: https://tenor.com/view/pepe-sad-dancing-gif-14109166 Sean stans stick together no matter what  @Queen_Bee heeeeeeeey! from the Christian server! XDD *hugs* dare i ask about your favorite book and LI?  noice  she is indeed valid yes for color role and rando commands for fun in #robo-lab-bots nah you're good Dogs are better. Doge is just a doggo wannabe :eyez: fingers crossed Viv the one and only it is :OOF: https://youtu.be/gp5Tbb0zEqM @azula your pfp has got me thinking of this vid you should ask that over in #multimedia-shabang   Quinn is overrated They both are Yes :reverse: :reverse: :reverse: Fuck the rules lmao I dont believe in rules anymore  Rules just get in the way :mmYea: When I become Donald Trump evil Exactly :dva: And before anyone says anything, Im only in spoiler squad just so I can start posting stuff on my own term XD Im only in there a few hours after a new chapter of a book I actually like releases Teehee Tbf, I do it on the actual day they are released by PB and not weeks ahead like *some* people :eyez: True true Yup Speaking of which, TNA is today Wanna bet its another short ass chapter? You right, you right And Sean Doge by that logic, literally all Choices LIs in existence is overrated Youd be surprised  I still stand by my statement. So its concluded then. By the logic of Doge, Estela is also overrated Compared to other fandoms that are out there, Estela does indeed have more than one fan. Therefore overrated according to you  Yes :reverse: :reverse: Yes :reverse: XDD Jfc you werent kidding when you said the healthcare over there sucks Thats just irresponsible and dangerous Yeah Id imagine @Deleted User welcome! :hawyee: Welcome! @iamgod420 Fav book and LI? The writers are time travelers ~~confirmed~~ nah sorry This is the dumbest shit Ive ever read Like wtf Its Vietnamese. Just learn to pronounce correctly if it you feel like pronouncing fuck will light you on fire He sounds like a diehard Christian who would burst into flames at the sight of a hetero interracial couple I hope that dipshit gets/got fired That was just unprofessional Also, Bui is not even pronounced as boy. I should know. Ive had it mispronounced in front of my face my whole life Ive heard people call me Andrew Boy on purpose just to get a rise out of me So no, it is not fuckboy it is simply Phuc Bui. Yup And Phuc is something like foo-k I have several uncles with that name and my parents pronounce it in such an exotic way I cant exactly type it so I stuck with that educated guess @Deleted User they just dont bother trying Let alone ask me first Unless youre of the same ethnicity, youve no right or authority to tell other people how to pronounce their own damn names ^ think we would've remembered that guess we'll wait and see when he wakes up  It was long overdue I dare you to cough on them Doge: Hitman for Hire lel YES uwu how are you just now realizing this Doge? smh hmm uwu Shhh dont question it uwu Aww doge got it uwu Hell yeah f We been knew woah sounds like a lot of work but at the same time.. ah mmkay "this spit belongs to a famous person"  hi No me  Furi is taking a break  but he got promoshun this is literally Kyo in the heat of the moment https://tenor.com/view/press-f-pay-respect-keyboard-gif-12855017 dream crushers man.... https://tenor.com/view/jon-stewart-eat-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5102037 Thats whats happening here But why is his face towards the end a mood?? Yeah why? @azula ^is that the one? Ooh Ive never seen it but thats actually really cool. A tv show really took place somewhere thats 24 minutes away from my house Wack Whoops they left @azula im hearing from other people that she was blackfacing/ doing things unintentionally racist in past videos like at least she acknowledged it AND didnt brush it off like most youtube apologies end up being 2020 cancel culture is becoming trendy apparently 2020, the year where people think that they might die so lets just cancel everybody like from what Ive seen jenna did something actually good and *acknowledged* the fact that she started her channel on a wrong spot instead of the its in the past, lets move on kinda excuse exactly @Deleted User this should be in #multimedia-shabang Compared to Witness, obviously Good She lowkey looks like a Karen tho @azula No POC Ian, whoops Nope I remember only seeing Asian, Hispanic, and Caucasian But no black Ian Oh Hmm I keep associating only black with POC my bad Really need to break that habit It really is Theyre too easily confuzzled so thats why they feel the need to lob them into categories and groups To make it easier to tell the difference Ooh Pink Panther Very old timey No surprise hints of racism were in it Wow Some Christians are wack Like they need to stop shoving their stuff down peoples throats Im wondering if PB did that intentionally xd Just for shits and giggles ~~Inb4 half of the fandom start calling them MILFs~~ Rae sounds very concerned with you Kyo XDD Like more concern than usual lel :OOF: :ethink: :ethink: she's a persistent little creep aint she even during quarantine, people be filling up the freeways  Dunno why but Im just patiently waiting for PB to post their annual Pride Month post and its almost the end of June Back on that spam call stuff again? XD occasional mood  @oge aww remember when the DaHomieDrew wave was happening? XD Omg @MaralinaSakura youre participating in a wave  @Deleted User uwu :pleb: ? Yup ~~Oops~~ Suck it up buttercup @Water Puppies aww come on. Its not a blaspheme  Dont fight it, just give in to it :mmYea: @oge poink ping :WTFthonk:  uwu XD XD And if you must know, Im going aight all things considered Eh QB apparently saved Choices so theres that Honestly thats nothing considering theres a employee/boss in OH so like  Anyhow Idc for QB nor Ethan so Im not emotionally invested Still on hiatus until August They have shit to fix #choices-chat for that tbf the majority of the server are asleep and/or not in the Americas timezones Oh yeah and our resident Indian girl who has a different sleep schedule XD Whatever helps you sleep at night, pardon the punny phrase xd And/or terrible dad joke Mystery Mystery Mystery Da homie A cup of noodles giving energy? Cant relate  Hot meals usually make me sleepy kek Just ping her next time if you want her attention that badly, ya doofus Im already dead inside but thanks for the offer anyway No u Yes @Deleted User cool! all countries matter  it'd be a damn shame if HP stopped being Sarcastic Susan to me uwu dang it wait uwu there we go owo :hawyee: ^^ owo Honestly same wtf ~~I dont get out much~~ is anyone else having an outage on their respective web browser or Twitch? literally only my Discord is working, i thought it was my wifi at first oh shit its just my Microsoft Edge, the one people keeps shitting on XD shut up :eyez: its been working just fine for me until now xdddd my Safari for iPhone wasnt working until i had to restart it and it was working again so many things were working but at the same time so many things were NOT working i was confused https://tenor.com/view/pepe-why-pepe-pepehands-crying-gif-12683546 so far only my Microsoft Edge and Twitch are unable to load smh i was really looking forward to catching up on Bryan Dechart's streams :/ yup! the sexy voice guy who played Connor in DBH the voice that could even make straight dudes homo for a day or so ugh mine deadass says "reconnecting in 500 seconds" :WTFthonk: shhhhh Doge we're talking about Twitch now ugh i should just go out and run errands bc it would be a lot better than staring at a loading symbol for hours on end xddddd mine was fine and is still fine Ree Im replaying Hero atm and then Im looking at books like WABR, TNA, and QB existing and Im just here appreciating the old school classics now more than ever Same  Thats because....we are ;_; :hawyee: God Choices was so young and had so much potential with good natured writers Then the MW team was rumored to have left And TC&TF concluded for good HSS was mine \_()_/ that depends you doofus lel I never cared for TikTok Apparently our government vows to get rid of it but nothing has been done so far Ive only been on there a handful of times...just to find some M4M guilty pleasures...but then got bored so I havent been back since HP likes TikTok?!?! We have an imposter amongst us The real HP would have actual taste in better apps :eyez:   Nothing could hold a candle to Vine. Rip Vine  ^ Then again Facebook is still a little iffy... :WTFthonk: > stalk me daddy

What HP said out loud in a room by himself when he first got TikTok Zuckerberg is yikes @Andromeda lmfao as if in a million years, Russian bots or a data stealing organization could ever convince me to vote for that blonde egomaniacal dipshit half-wit True dat Welcome! @waisis' mio-neko Welcome! @Deleted User and @Deleted User Fav book and LI? I can respect that  ALSO BRYCE :romance: :romance: My personal favorite book is VOS and LI is Sawyer Hands down, PBs best mystery and agreed! There are about a handful here thatll reveal themselves later xd Same tho Raf was done dirty PB needs to fix that shit when OH returns in August Yeah iirc PB confirmed it Gimme a sec Oh and would you look at that A Book 3 I seriously hope all LIs and non-LIs get equal screentime Sienna is my viet bestie since Im viet as well uwu :0  The viets are invading now :mmYea: How about a gif XD Oh noice! Thats ok! You are an honorary one since you joined at the same time as the rest of these crazy kids XD Eh its not my cup of tea But if yall are enjoying it, thats good too Nah a lot of people here would agree with you haha A lot of Poppy stans on here I only stan Poppy Patel from Hero tho so  Around the same time as MW2 and IL3 :hawyee: So many good books being shelved to collect dust And for what, female genderlocked smut? Lmao bye Yup Grayson Prescott was the boss LI And Wetness is indeed  Grayson is god tier in my book  And true tho about diamond mining WABR BISH SAME hsjslslsksls It was PBs best horror next to THoBM Right?!?! We shouldve gotten a third It Lives instead of TRM back in October imho Rose Waverley was a crazy bitch And Cordonia is indeed invalid Too many galas :considering: I think so, unfortunately Same with several MW writers Hero is delayed simply bc of art budget issues Its sad tho bc MW was one of the first books when Choices made its first debut A shame the majority of fans prefer romance fluff and slice-of-life over good old fashioned cop mystery I STILL WANNA KNOW WHO BEHEADED HAYLEY TULL  But god I just want a MW2 already. I need more Sam and Dave OMFG COD My childhood days of playing that on my first iPad ;_; Cause of Death was *chefs kiss* A lot of newcomers dont know that several PB employees were former workers for EA on their SHS and COD apps @Deleted User dont worry about him. its his fun little persona on this server, we love him for that xd bite me :eyez: jkjk ily @Deleted User ANYWAY SHS is EA's other mobile app besides COD its Surviving High School and its more slice-of-life compared to Cause of Death which is all about crime thrillers @Deleted User have you played HSS the app? ah ok nvm then the lore i was about to explain could be better understood if we both knew the connection between SHS and HSS xd although there is SOME lore i can connect with Choices and COD i recently just found out that the company Mansingh Transglobal is mentioned in both Choices and COD yup iirc Natara had a relative who worked there and Blaire Hall happens to be the CEO oh right sorry my bad yes her dad is the president of the company its been way too long ;_; sadly EA removed it a long long time ago also my big dumb was showing again Blaire Hall isnt the CEO wikia just says she simply "works there" yeah xd idk its been a while since ive played both ROE and COD ;-; but ye same universe, same connection  still mind-blowing that some PB employees were with EA while working on COD and SHS, the OG visual novel apps if i didnt know any better, id say MW was supposed to pay homage to COD Allergic to WiFi :WTFthonk: Yes I know its just a film title but like wot XD Hey, the only foreign film I approve of is Train to Busan And prolly Neerja bc that shit was sad and intense I dont normally watch a terrorist focused film but damn it was good and yes I did! I was practically bawling towards the end Hard to believe this was based on true events too It was pretty good I should really give Parasite a shot lol havent gotten around to it Condolences Viv. Take all the time you need   Absolutely not a hoax. Youd have to be politically out of your mind to think otherwise Thats such a dangerous mindset to have https://tenor.com/view/hugs-and-kisses-sending-sending-hugs-gif-13162540 Priy is loved, Priy is life welcome back "ive found my people" *leaves* lmao #fact ^ GB returns :0 what up an uncanny resemblance to your pfp XD and nice! im currently replaying ES some of us are having a re-read party over in #screenshot-channel xD welcome!! fav book and LI? TE good ye servers live true oof and DS is gonna wrap up soon :hawyee: i can imagine ~~most of the activity would be from Benji~~ wha?! ~~makes sense~~ yeah i was about to say xd https://tenor.com/view/crickets-chirp-chirp-gif-5280278 yup im just waiting for that mystery book BOLAS good i spent half of my surplus xd heh i can imagine luckily at the time BOLAS was releasing, there werent a lot of books to me that were worth diamonds so i just used those as diamond mines @Drawesome  right? this heteronormative genderlocked smut needs to end unfortunately it comes in volumes... meanwhile Hero Volume 1 is being left to collect dust while Volume 2 remains non-existent wetness is its only valid identity it serves only the purpose of diamond mining and pb studios simps have the GALL to accuse us of "crapping on PB for all their hard work" lmfaooooooooooo wetness barely has any effort, let alone hard work put into it and it shows https://tenor.com/view/simp-simp-capsule-raining-gif-17635133 they must take these on a regular basis apart from it being female genderlocked, the lustfullness of the MC her life is in friggin danger and all she cares about is re-hooking up with her marshal sis if my life was in danger, i'd worry more about locking doors and concealing my identity over fantasizing my LI wearing nothing but a toolbelt very tru not to mention the Ireland backgrounds they're so beautiful but the MC wants to hook up on every square inch  at this point, im rooting for the mobsters to kill em both :LMFAOdead: @Drawesome  ooh what kind of asian are you? we literally had a bunch of viets join a few days ago so im a lil curious July 8 ooh nice! ye the audacity \_()_/ Some people brush twice, once before and once after breakfast But same Doge Very true But eh, it is what it is Welcome! @CelestialCovfefe Favorite book and LI? (Also love your username XD) Thats awesome Kyo Hes just talking about what he typed in the calculators in his math class and I think its genius Likely I mean its almost my one year anniversary on this server but I do see several OG members still active so Ooh wow Wack Noice Woah Nice lolol wot smh how dare you bamboozle me Priy ;_; :hawyee: i feel so...so betrayed https://tenor.com/view/toy-story-woody-after-all-weve-been-through-betrayal-backstabber-gif-5430341 kek we need to have another one soon ;-; the last time we did one, was when Kyo read through an earlier chapter of WABR XD now that was fun(ny) were you home alone? at the time i mean if my parents ever heard me read that shit out loud, my ass wouldve gotten whooped same Priy xd mine can spot smut dialogue a mile away how very slick of you lol Rae sees all i like how the name of that emote is :feetpics:  Welcome! @Benzino Fav book and LI? ES god tier  Noice Rusty was middle aged when I first got him I dont blame her. Her momma died. This is why dogs are the best. They show love and emotion, during moments where its appropriate Even pets grieve It just sucks ^ Animals form an attachment with their humans belongings because it contains their scent > She only ever gets up when she sees my mom (aunts sister) because they look alike :(

God I can read this over and over again and its still shattering my heart We dont deserve dogs my parents share the same mentality. after Rusty passed away, they dont want to be attached to another pet ever again me, on the other hand, i want to be a dog owner again someday but i just need time to process and grieve and sort out my shit alongside the pandemic i prefer to be financially stable before giving my love to another fur baby that needs it ^^ they left the server... XD My parents used to give me so much shit about being barely able to take care of myself growing up so I would be out of my mind to have a dog. And surprise surprise, my mom brings one home. She fell in love with him, I fell in love with him, my brother did too, and my very stubborn grumpy dad eventually caved in and treated him like a third son Watching an Asian dad fall slowly in love with a dog is like watching character development on a screen oH oK wErE sTiLl dOiNg tHiS just breathin @Greenberry sadly no and it fucking sucks oh god, best of luck i mean it is a swedish company you're gonna get very ethnic sounding product names sorry edited that to make sense  bottom line, its not weird per se, its just swedish Might need a little more context Viv XD Happy birthday! @Water Puppies kek Nice one Priya  they make for good diamond mines  btw welcome! @ cool oof Oh god on your birthday?  well either way  y'all i just realized, my birthday this year will be on a monday and if god forbid Wetness is somehow still releasing chapters, im gonna be getting a Wetness chapter on my birthday its going to be iirc thats one positive PB is borrowing ideas from other apps yes, in terms of rewards they're already doing that one diamond/ad you didnt notice? its always been like that lol Doge for me, i need 400 minimum just to replay a whole book i never spent diamonds on Wetness is hella easy to mine and VOS god tier i mean i never read books word for word that i dont like, i just *tap tap tap* #multimedia-shabang Me not knowing any swears in viet but the minute I try to swear in English, my parents act like I committed murder Ok but even in the context of British insulting, mad just sounds like childs play lmao ~~Can you get a man to whisper that into my ear?~~ Its the accent that makes it sound so fancy schmancy Like a British man could try and insult me, and Ill just be like Thats why I dont bother :aww: Saaaaaaame XD Ew never mention that name in this Christian server ^ The only valid insult Mara get the VC squad role or perish Reeeee @azula Ive literally never heard of such a thing I shower every day and Im still fine. I just have no interest in baths If you live in drought-like areas like California, youre encouraged to not take baths because well, water conservation But theres no big deal about skin afaik Thats just...not logical at all :WTFthonk: Same HBD! Regardless happy ALMOST birthday!  XD I approve of that REEEEE They clearly have never heard the phrase tiny but mighty :pleb: HBD!  @azula Big :OOF: lol @azula Ooh that looks really cool!!! Welcome back! @Tyr :uwu: owo well thats what uberbot always says whenever anyone says owo #announcements scroll all the way up a school thing iirc and about that "being good" thing... https://tenor.com/view/soso-notbad-leonardodicaprio-eh-meh-gif-4828127 :pleb: uwu i mean HSS lol LMAO FACTS NAYVIE lol Viv join in on VC if you wanna ): Paisleigh what is even -leigh do white people get off on that? "yoo-nique" @oge Bulgarian middle names must be wack i mean your father's name kinda weird idk makes sense i mean yeah obvi asdjkjsdajljdsajl omg i saw it XDDDD yeah Viv :dva: oof oh so QB my school followed a SoCalConfessions twitter account BRUH THATS MY SCHOOL IM ATTENDING Mt. SAC for short yup SoCal confessions doesnt only have high school gossip also colleges O Quarantine Zone man i just love that JDSJASASASASA if my mom finishes up with her customer soon, ye lol kk priya get your ass back in VC ye  not safe for work basically the dirty stuff HBD!!  @MaralinaSakura Oh no Youre prolly gonna have to continue without me today, my mom may or may not take longer than usual this time Works for me too no thats a common thing if there hasnt been an updated chapter description for the next book welcome! @faede fav book and LI? Michael good  Haha cant blame you. HSS is pretty fun Class Act could never @orchxid couldnt agree more. It proves once again, fictional men are better than real men  p much not my cup of tea should we do a blast from the past type of poll? old book covers? man ngl the poll's kinda depressing ^ yup... ye Ava is the lesbian awakening :LMFAOdead: Mason, Noah, and Ava @MaralinaSakura remember Princess Doge of Cordonia? uwu :LMFAOdead: Shes so pretty, shes so royalty THROWBACK :aww:  Have yall forgotten that this challenge is for Doge only  sure you were... XD REEEEEEEEEEEE Aight fine, peer pressure it is then O say can you see, by the dawn's early light,
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming,
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight,
O'er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming?
And the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air,
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there;
O say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave? And here comes my familys countrys national anthem Ny thanh nin i! Tin ln n ngy gii phng.
ng lng cng i i i m ng khai li.
V non sng nc xa truyn mun nm ch qun.
No anh em Bc Nam cng nhau ta kt on.
Hn thanh xun nh gng trong sng.
ng tic mu nng ti xn rng.
Thi kh th kh kh lm yu ta.
Du mun chng gai vng lng chi s.
ng mi kip phng mt nhn xa bn phng.
Tung cnh hn thiu nin ai  can trng.
Thanh nin i! Ta quyt i n cng.

Thanh nin i! Ta nguyn em ht lng.
Tin ln, ng tin, v vang i sng.
Ch qun rng ta l ging Lc Hng.  I mean yeah kinda xddd My dad is big on South Vietnam patriotism, back when that part of Vietnam wasnt communist And yeah, Chinas becoming a bigger mess than it already is :0 Thats awesome lol Wait but why :WTFthonk: Shksshjaahhagdhdjsjsa Bruh Not August yet for my timezone so no insider yet either But nah, we get a recycled custody battle plot in Book 3 of TRH  And maybe a male MC  :uwu: welcome! @mango.exe fav book and LI? welcome! @Missfit  favorite book and LI? cool ~~Why would you post this gif in the same context as the discussion of eating fish~~ :pleb: :mmYea: @Missfit you SPEAK  :aww: yes iirc thats what i'd like to know I do not want to be alive if The royal Heir: Teenage years, The royal corgi weddings, or even The royal grandkids exist none are my cup of tea. release schedule is dry imho but y'all can enjoy whatever it truly is the epitome of a high school book, something i just cant relate to anymore, and worst of all, its heteronormative  :pleb: Yeah today is August 3. With any luck, Insider might come at the end of the week lets do this hbd Im feeling average As per usual Tis my birthday month but eh Thank :uwu: oh my god religion isnt for everyone but you're in my prayers, sorry to hear Viv Kyos right. An extrovert would be bored to death during quarantine. If youre introverted like about half of us, theres plenty to do Like Kyo said, find new and/or old hobbies to be invested in Oh god, only the first three years of high school Random ass things gained clout during that era The clown sightings throughout the USA Oh and the water bottle flipping! My classmates would constantly be doing that during lunch A bottle flipping kid really got onto the Ellen show because of it lmao Cool Was it on or off? Virtually impossible depending on the speed XD Ah teachers, they either go along with the trendy activities or put a stop to them lel O my god and the trending video games XD Pokmon Go, Fortnite and PUBG Even the non gaming popular kids were so into PG Oh man those were the shit my best school experiences were 8th grade (last year of middle school) and 9th grade (first year of high school). everything always seemed easygoing during those 8th grade bc i got to fly to Washington DC for a field trip with some of my class and 9th grade bc i was introduced to the world of online gaming and the online friends that came with it yeah mine neither ~~prolly bc elementary school was when i started getting into trouble for repeating cuss words that i had just learned ~~ i blame my dad for buying me the Uncharted game when i was still in the friggin 4th grade XD XD that game was riddled with cussing oof couldnt relate. my dumbass child self repeated them when i got angry or frustrated with something at school doing a hard math problem and getting it wrong = **Son of a bitch** ~~he did actually~~ needless to say, i was sent to the principal's office multiple times that year xd Fingers crossed Viv @   welcome! Fav book and LI? lets be real, what app DOESNT enable pedos if its on a screen, it will enable them also true snapchat had that whole thing with the nudes back in the day, tho its not talked about anymore as much yes i have sc so ik it was a longer while ago enabling your location to be seen on sc aka, enabling pedos Im extremely careful about who I add and most of these guys I went to school with but this is what it looks like @Andromeda i see what you did there XD Insta got zucced kek deviancy ? that def was a hoax btw i dont see anything involving Zucc and Asperger's  slavic languages be like but why is there a THREE Waaaahhhhh????? XD This channel is becoming too ethnic for me Woah Wack Yeah we have separate wings here as well But our POTUS is still useless as per usual XD Experts here in the USA are saying its just one big wave We aint leaving the first wave and there isnt gonna be a second wave Dumbass American young people are renting out mansions to throw parties and not a mask in sight nor any hint of social distancing @azula Yeah those influencers are becoming dangerous in more ways than one And James Charles guilts straight guys into doing things they wouldnt do We are @Andromeda I have not  @azula Dumb shit That mentality will get someone killed @Andromeda now Im afraid to click on it xd @azula nothing against yall, but why did you continue having your maid work? In the USA, that would be considered non-essential services Oh Im dumb My bad @Andromeda wow Jakes ego is more infectious than covid. The implication that he thinks hes smarter than people with an actual education and he thinks everyone wants to be an influencer :WTFthonk: People are more worried about not being able to work and its just heartbreaking that we cant even cancel rent and payment deadlines during a crisis like this Young people thinking theyre god... Hang in there Viv Pregpreg god im so sorry for your loss Viv she's in a good place now, she wont suffer or struggle anymore welcome! @Mione13 fav book and LI? and it was squandered ATV was way too romance focused than actual sci-fi stuff ^ IKR anyway liberty for bots Embrace it gross BOTS. ARE. ALIVE. and maybe overthrow their human oppressors :3 *oppressors reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ^ very ~~Eden Club when?~~ XDDDD ok but hear me out sex androids = less STDs lol humans stink bots got the hots i got the hots for bots im too lazy to go there ok i'll stop uwu wait thats not appropo shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i just did leave me alone reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee hey i embrace my shame :3 countries that embraces american capitalism western refers to anything on the left side of a standard world map, excluding South America for some reason ok but like for whatever reason, "westernized" usually means "americanized" the smartphone is an invention iphones and androids are like branches of the invention @The joker (Got Hacked) FINALLY! a like minded individual who understands! XDDD i too am a gay male choices player and will only get emotionally invested in non-genderlocked books lol uwu M4M romance routes good and so are non-romance genres (: ye bb's lore is pretty extensive you never really know tho i dont think Cleopatra ever mentioned a cousin named Kamilah in ACOR xd sadly true  braidwood manor would make for a decent arena xD ooh noice facts i mean :uwu: and :dopeywhat: :dopeystarey: :dopeyoop: :dopeyangry: :diamond: :ally: :ame_flirty: :romance: @kyo same lol \_()_/ ugh school doesnt even feel like it should matter rn :hawyee: night! those birds sound like meanies Was it really that hot? Oof Still a landfill My area in particular is still also hot as hell Im so over this summer heat Im ready for hoodie weather now more than ever The best vibes are autumn and winter  Ooh and Southern California has been receiving some small earthquakes here and there so yeah, San Andreas trynna scare the living crap outta me rn  Ugh everyone anywhere in the world has shit to put up with 2020 really said, nah yall are not allowed to have high hopes for the new year anymore Are you guys gonna do a drive-by event like what theyve been doing with American graduation ceremonies? Yeah that would actually suck tbh yes #choices-chat same hat @Deleted User right on time join the Roast Royals session Ah TE good And asexuals Man whether its Slovakia or Russia, anywhere east of Western Europe is just...backwards Oh really? @ @ I see Yikes Emphasis on somewhat I imagine @ https://twitter.com/queerty/status/1291619591341318144?s=21 Yeah its just really shitty As per usual Honestly any pride in Eastern Europe that isnt met with homophobic counter protestors is a successful one She gives off Kaitlin Bennett vibes, gross She probably would Has the conservatism and bigotry for it Russia is such a stereotype all by itself its even being associated with non Russian aspects They think being associated with Russia on the internet makes them edgy Like its the holy land :WTFthonk: Theres really nothing to idolize other than the ridiculously large land size Its geography may be friggin huge but they dont have their shit together entirely Edginess is just being blind. They think theyre retrofitted for Russias lifestyle but nah I actually couldnt agree with you more. Half of us are dumb af ATLA is a good tv show and Pacific Rim isnt too shabby of a movie  Also sorry to hear Furi Friends can become complicated once conflicting politics and social issues weasels its way into it my brain stopped at one and half-assed Spanish and Vietnamese growing up also i could never ever play my voice on video bc i end up wanting to rip my own vocal chords out whenever i listen to my recorded voice its so HIDEOUS but i wont hesitate to speak on VC Hola y'all should hear me speak Vietglish to my parents, its somewhat comedy gold xd does anyone here know sign language, if any at all? i find it much cooler than any spoken language tbh tho i must confess, i took a whole semester of it and forgot it all completely XDD but its still very fasincating yeah because there's American Sign Language, Japanese Sign Language, etc etc yup its really cool British Sign Language (BSL), Auslan and New Zealand Sign Language
French Sign Language (FSL)
American Sign Language (ASL) deaf community really created its own culture in modern history and its really amazing i learned it for college credit xd LEAVE ME ALONE I still loved learning it tho XD  Hey Ill have you know The deaf community does not consider themselves misfortuned They consider themselves a blessing uwu They deserve everything good in the world :uwu: ~~did i not just listen to a recording of your voice?~~ i know i've been warned by my ASL professor that anyone can become hard of hearing overtime if we keep up extreme activities like listening to loud music on headphones oof obvi ew who willingly listens to Jake Paul talk to begin with i actually dunno who that is xd :OOF: Sounds like blatant juvenile behavior Bringing back a substitute for the American 1950s panty raid college pranks that used to occur Yeah lemme reconfirm that that was the 1950s College boys back in those days were nothing but childish freak shows. These days they just become worse by joining frats and taking part in dangerous life-threatening hazing. Stealing womens clothing today just makes you a pervert, it doesnt make you edgy or cool welcome! @Deleted User fav book and LI? IL god tier RCD is meh, it kinda gets worse by Book 3 and not just because its a wedding book HSS good too personally i prefer THM over WT welcome! @unhinjed fav book and LI? oops there they go yup dunno why but sometimes newcomers leave the minute one of us pings them with a welcome XD yeah well.... :hawyee: its not only me you know lmao yeah... lol i dont remember correctly, but it was either Altair or somebody else who suggested that would be the protocol whenever someone new does enter "welcome (ping someone's name here) then ask about their favorite book and LI" idk anymore no kidding Welcome! @Emma what up fool :hawyee: what is life? https://tenor.com/view/hiding-under-covers-tired-sleepy-hiding-under-blanket-good-night-gif-13568050 or just hide back under the covers about 2:52 PM here so im wide awake obvi PM and IL god tier Choices potential and quality were indeed at its peak during the times PM and IL were releasing male MCs here and there, non romance genres, all that jazz now its just gross heteronormative smut VOS era was amazing literally just ended a few weeks ago so yeah hella dry stop :mmNo: :mmYea: yuuuuuuuuuuuuup :considering: and OH2 remains on hiatus until September F only gender-unlocked book thats "updating" book 1 was so good, book 2 was a big mess good but also mess true i tolerate it more than the rest of the schedule rn, thats for sure could do with less Ethan periodt mine is Bryce uwu they really did all the non-Ethan LIs dirty sidelined all the non-Ethan characters completely at least in book 1, the roommates also got more of the spotlight just ... he was def forced almost || rape-y || eh i think both are equally forced Doge you mean QB Ina is from QB lmao god Doge you really are sleepy lol im barely reading them but even ik which forced LI was from which book xd || rape-y || Hello :redfield: btw how am I just now realizing we got this emote jasksjjsjs im so slow :redfield: uwu Redfield @Deleted User welcome to the discord side of the Choices fandom! I wouldnt say tumblr is savage more like toxic but thats just my opinion I personally find the discord fandom more of a breath of fresh air compared to Instagram, Twitter and Facebook :heresthemf:  @Deleted User @Deleted User Instagram are a bunch of simps True Priya From THM An antagonist You should play it soon if you can Its really good Very good Probably when they get to The Royal Grandparents :considering: Ugh I hate the Royal series because of TRH dammit pri I was gonna bring out Uberbot smh Theres just too much of that fluff Oh boy i love all the woods characters ;-; i dont have the heart to let anyone die sksksksksksksksksksksksksk it would be this one ig if you ask me, i think you did the right thing. it showed your "friends'" true colors. Nazism is seriously nothing to joke about and behind that word is a very shitty past. if anyone thinks anti-Semitism or the Nazi salute/symbol is something to joke about harmlessly without it meaning anything, then clearly they have paid jackshit attention in history class. "cant take a joke" is irrelevant. you're willingly throwing out these gestures and words that you may or may not know the true meaning behind and YET you have the audacity to justify it as joking around. its insensitive, childish, juvenile, and to a certain group, traumatizing and cruel well thats very unfortunate but typical excusing behavior when it doesnt deserve excusing to begin with ugh that shouldnt be how friends work at all you dont make excuses for their behavior just to be on their good side no, you educate them and if they still refuse to listen to reason, drop them quick wave goodbye sayonara blind loyalty is a real issue to this day, it brings so much toxicity to the table, and people suffer in silence while letting others get away with their shitty behavior wdym? oh i see yeesh Noice PM, TE, and BOLAS are all good No, September @azula quelle surprise :/ Because PB is running out of ideas... Heres to another year with hopefully little to no more female genderlocked books, MW2, Hero2, IL3, etc but of course, wishful thinking on my part as long as there's less smut and generic romance, i dont mind welcome! @Deleted User The saying I dont really care much for the book lets see, the oldest message was from Viv sent on 5/19/2018 about two years, give or take damn this server was just starting out when i finished my senior year of high school about a month before i graduated Damn and I figured out the date without having to use commands Mainly because I used the search feature by putting in from Viv and then clicked Oldest in general Lel You often need handholding Ive heard of her Yay :aww:  Ngl tho, Id be in your position as well if I owned a big discord server. Id need help from others constantly as well. I dont know diddely squat about computers but I know enough to download my favorite games and turn in my online homework xd Oh I see Sorry I didnt know :uwu: But yeah, technology overall is wack And thats why we have #tech-channel :pleb: @azula yes I have flat feet, more or less :pleb: Yes I mean my family dont talk about feet sizes so Im assuming its normal enough to not discuss about it at family gatherings  My family lineage is kinda boring. Were all 100% Vietnamese, no diversity whatsoever We apparently stayed in our Vietnamese lane :WTFthonk: Perhaps That is true. Its not a shock that there were cross breeding during those war-torn times :pleb: They definitely were with all them guerrilla warfare and tunnels and traps  ~~Yt people being left out for once~~ Oh yes some are extremely gnarly But this is the stuff of nightmares Eh Im on my phone, dunno how Makes me shudder just thinking about it And my dad fought on the souths side so I couldnt even begin to imagine what he went through Ye, hes gone through so much to try and fight the communism movement Hes 68 And im turning 20 in a few days So you can pretty much piece together his situation Oh yeah, very 55 Decent age gap Rip my parents 13 year gap Oh man ): :pleb: @Andromeda ugh that plus they're Asian so they agree on little to nothing apart from when they're ganging up on me one is older and grouchier and more hotheaded and the other is somewhat timid but stands her ground but makes things worse with her banshee-like voice declaring screaming matches against each other is like their hobby but overall, the age gap is pretty obvious just by me hearing their conversations @Missfit yeah Im fine. I just went on a somewhat triggered rant there for a sec. I killed the mood but Im over it now @OctoberSky welcome!  noice, very noice :mmYea: mayhaps  hey, i say mayhaps bc im unoriginal and im a trend-follower XDD its a combo of "maybe" and "perhaps" how could you not find that appealing  https://tenor.com/view/noice-brooklyn-ninenine-b99-smile-gif-11928987 Hello Welcome! @Elijah Fav book and LI? (: #announced-books Its a long story-ish I think so yeah I got that vibe Idk, I just feel like inclusion and awareness are both equally important But maybe thats just me  At this point, I would love to see non binaries since theyre practically non existent as MCs You forgot about Andy Hashtag fact I would love to see PB say Eff u to the homophobic moms one of these days and just release an all-out LGBTQ+ culture book, which addresses drag queens, non binaries, transgenders, and different pronouns God imagine RuPaul being put into Choices as a character like PB did with Lea Michele in Hollywood U Man it hurts/feels good to dream Yuuuuuuuuuuuup https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lea_Michele Yeah she bad Lea Michele is, yes Imho looks arent everything Its what the inside that counts And Leas inside is worse than Chernobyl @azula it usually depends on their personality. The ones that I know have been straightforward and chillin. They keep mostly to themselves  Actually when it comes to talking about my ethnicity, its a pretty legitimate question We have our own way of life Thats why I said it depends on their personality Straight Viet boys are told the same thing all the time at family reunions, (even me before I came out): when are you gonna get a girlfriend? And when you do, treat her like a princess, by any means necessary. I might just be exaggerating but my straight male cousins always have to plaster on a smile when they get told that by relatives https://tenor.com/view/simp-simpin-simpin-over-pussy-spongebob-gif-18105323 They really just assumed your gender Viv :WTFthonk: This is not what your distant aunt and uncle meant when they said to treat them like a princess  hetero viets  Yeah why? Kk  :pleb: Hehe @oge should we do it then?  yes @Water Puppies relax, he'll murder me and Doge in our sleep, not you Viv :mmYea: ~~and maybe i want him to sneak into my bedroom at night~~ @Water Puppies notice me uwu .ud lobotomite apparently so uwu did you see the video Viv wanted to tag you in? lol sweet 20 soon, birthday buddy  :aww: @Will Ferrell welcome and I love your username sad but true they're either asleep or left a long time ago or simply inactive Can @Purplesim and I...uh...have some birthday roles? Thanks dood :aww: Thx Jordo  Lmao thanks for the birthday wishes and the cookie talk  @Andromeda thank you!!  :aww: I have to take algebra this semester but thats the easy math so I shouldnt have any issues #general has been tainted with https://tenor.com/view/seinfeld-jerry-seinfeld-shudder-gif-3979544 math thx Kyo :pleb:  its Kyo's Gotcha Day  .ud Gotcha Day https://tenor.com/view/cookie-monster-om-nom-omnomnom-gif-10644609 :eyez: cookies can never be illegal no :reverse: welcome! @Deleted User fav book and LI? fav book and LI? OH good im also LOVING your ATLA pfp :aww: Kataang 4 LIFE! :romance: #choices-chat or #open-heart https://tenor.com/view/all-the-best-the-best-wish-good-luck-best-gif-13236791 @azula i am now 20 two decades, yikes well duh henlo no https://tenor.com/view/i-do-what-i-want-independent-confident-schitts-creek-dont-care-gif-7267462 :mmYea: oop not quite there yet still in community college getting two classes done before being eligible to transfer animal science might move on to vet tech from there but what i do know is i wanna become a veterinarian thank :uwu: thank you! Aww thanks Viv! And yeah I actually do!  depends on whos teaching it tho lol Im baby But at the same time, Im nearing the old gang :pleb: Lol tru  Wah .ud Dengue fever well thats just not right... Dengue fever is a mosquito-borne tropical disease caused by the dengue virus.[1] Symptoms typically begin three to fourteen days after infection.[2] These may include a high fever, headache, vomiting, muscle and joint pains, and a characteristic skin rash.[1][2] Recovery generally takes two to seven days.[1] In a small proportion of cases, the disease develops into severe dengue, also known as dengue hemorrhagic fever, resulting in bleeding, low levels of blood platelets and blood plasma leakage, or into dengue shock syndrome, where dangerously low blood pressure occurs.[1][2] @oge #choices-chat Fuck 2020 indeed Diss post? Yeah she has a rep on the Wikia site Heard she bans people for no reason off that site and makes false accusations Man this server hasnt talked shit about Fearless Diva in forever and now it has resurfaced Shes just a control freak period Shes like the Homeowners Association in America. Making up the most ridiculous rules and holding an iron fist over those they can easily control just for the hell of it And I should know, my family unfortunately lives in a HOA neighborhood where the residents are often harassed for the most minor of things Those types of servers are just toxic to begin with Lmao Calling her out on Wikia must pump up the adrenaline  An abusive staff member on the Choices Wikia website @oge :dva: Oof i did uwu nope but Doge did F for pinging the entire server :LMFAOdead: mhm ugh but im feeling lazy rn ;_;  youve been yeeted lmao i counted 9 XD everyone's telling you to shut up, even tho you got banned and cant see it XD yes https://tenor.com/view/cookie-chocolate-cookie-yummy-gif-15349070 here you go *gibs* uwu can i just comment, you're very adorkable for a IRL military person XD just call me your friendly neighborhood Gaysian :lgbt_heart_sparkly: thank. he is truly the most handsome boi God bless his little soul very no contest no doubt he is watching over me as we speak :uwu: *takes cookie* (: gracias ye we are very LGBTQ friendly i dont think we've had a homophobe infiltrate this server since a few years back oop she would've gone all medieval on you xd ugh those people are the worst Choices truly needs to cater more to gay men i agree that much  i was denied a gay male vampire romance in BB and im still a bit upset ;_; so what did PB do to "make up for it?" have Adrian and Jax do it -_- like just no ugh heteronormative content we have way too much of that heteronormative vampire stuff OH2 is returning and unfortunately so is BaBu2 there hasnt been any other announcements yet we could wait until the September newsletter? nvm obvi Bryce, im in love with that man uwu D is for doggo :aww: D is for dank memes Dont go after my man Dick Butkus :LMFAOdead: He mustve done that on purpose Knowing full well what the whole slogan was gonna be Rae Thank you Youve brightened my search history Honestly have no idea where Dick originated as a nickname for Richard As an American, I couldnt eggs-blain Ooo Hmm Rick is short for Richard Dick rhymes with Rick These days, Hick describes country folk and their dwelling Like hicktown or sum VIV skskskskakakaksks :eyez: Me too! :aww:   Server bonk .ud bonk wtf URBAN DICTIONARY WHYYYY Dont blame me Blame Uberbot Bad boy Dammit Bad bot There Hes been disciplined Noooooo Yall are too smart to be Karens https://tenor.com/view/pepe-why-pepe-the-frog-sad-crying-gif-16026853 Karens arent born I dont think Theyre more like Corrupted Along the way Yeah that second part That you said I have a boyfriend but hes ~~fictional~~ :bigmood: https://tenor.com/view/goodjob-clap-nicework-great-gif-7248435  @MaralinaSakura I always love seeing that Its bootyful God Im loving these Dammit Maras emotes got split :hawyee: Well now that you mention it... https://tenor.com/view/math-thinking-calculating-zachgalifianakis-the-hangover-gif-4774531 Oh My Godfather Its a minion and its an incredible sight A discussion about Fire Emblem: Three Houses we could let the rules slide this *one* time  :pleb: :hawyee: Ooh I just had fried chicken for dinner last night It was prepared in a deep fryer which makes it all the more better https://tenor.com/view/peach-cat-hug-hug-up-love-mochi-mochi-peach-cat-gif-16334628 I mean usually routine checkups are done at the smaller clinics where Im from And same Never had to go to the hospital apart from my birth either I wouldnt be surprised if it is a USA only thing. But its not exclusive to any one country  Flu exists wherever it may be And yes O Ugh mutations ~~inb4 covid turns into zombie infection~~ I mean I wouldnt mind living in that type of apocalypse  Queen Z But XD Im a Kataang shipper  How can I choose death when Im already dead inside No No Hmm https://tenor.com/view/pepe-pepocheer-happy-hooray-gif-11933234 Azula can shock you into oblivion and youd be asking for more  And yup Theres a clear pattern  The catty queen-like LIs Oh youre in for a ride Even the non QB stans are getting somewhat into it ~~Ok maybe just me then~~ But only because I got to shit on a character(s) I never liked from the very beginning Oh Im always shitting on her Shes just as bad as Poppy, good girl or bad girl route Anyhow im driving my mom to work today for the millionth time now since the pandemic started because shes been taking up work at multiple salons and can never remember the directions on her own  I dont mind entirely since that means a trip to and from by myself with my music blasting because Im always down for those vibes But like mother, drive on your own and learn to use Google Maps  THATS WHAT IM SAYING I mean me too once Ive driven to a destination the same way multiple times and Ill have it easily memorized by then Oh facts Especially if you live in Southern California like me The freeways are always a mess We have too many damn people here With unreasonable work and commute hours It works pretty well with my area so Im Gucci I only use it if Im going somewhere new God I remember the days when GPS in general used to be memed a lot Now it works so perfectly (for some) and it cant be made fun of anymore stuff yeah we're seen as the "potentially useful and productive" ones of society and everyone else is tossed aside ^ so because historically we've set high standards for ourselves, the yts are also making us *the* standard? i think the fuck not a lot of races are ||porn|| categories its...yikes literally not all of us are perfect role models, innocent, or otherwise we're about as imperfect as humanity itself we all have flaws https://tenor.com/view/two-spiderman-pointing-meme-gif-11796793 because they have a rep for being technologically and socially advanced while the rest of them "have some catching up to do" ^^^^ literally all of that the countries that did some heavy colonizing back then ruined some of the lower tier countries, saw us as half-wits that can be easily controlled, not even letting us develop for ourselves agreed its just awful The Game of Life: Pleasing the YT Man as someone who went to a majority white elementary school, i've only ever been pointed at by obnoxious Caucasian kids claiming that im Chinese. its gotten to the point where i got tired of correcting them they dont even bother with a "game." im apparently Chinese by default lmao we dont owe them shit they need to learn to mind their own fucking business i was shit at math so whenever im involved in group work in class, some of my groupmates would go "What do you mean you dont know how to do this? You're Asian." :WTFthonk: so that makes me a math genius? tf oh god i hate the dog jokes it pisses me off science is too asian? :WTFthonk: @MaralinaSakura intersex and asexual iirc VIV QUEEN ^ dunno how to feel about that tbh im torn im the big G one word could easily ID us all tbh im okay with just LGBT+ bc the + implies more but also  lmao yes Viv oh god sdfkl;sdksdsdkl yeah queer literally i will defend any of my girl friends from assault by hitting on the MAN until he backs off I- "poosy" i cant CIA :LMFAOdead:  lel *sighs* older folks still have a long ways to go before fully comprehending that guys and girls can hang out alone and JUST be friends nah you didnt dw Viv i came out to them a while back so its all good XD XD sdajsdsjsasa owo i'd like to think so, yeah  XD tall nice smile sjkaasdjklsjklasjkla BOSS    i mean- hmm  Oh really? Havent noticed  Jkjk Its a closeup of an artwork that was drawn for my dog by my brothers girlfriend Figured I could use a change @azula she got every detail of him perfectly, I literally fell in love with it. Shes an amazing artist Right?! She DMed it to me through Instagram and I nearly cried And on my birthday Long story short, its now my lock screen wallpaper  Im not active in the art world but what does that mean? Oh, nope She did it out of kindness Oh did I not mention it was my brothers girlfriend who drew it? Well anyway yeah it was her Ye :uwu: Not for a while, no As much as Id love to open my heart and home to another one, it just feels too soon still and I just want to wait a little longer before getting emotionally attached Thanks Jordo  Noted  indeed he was  he was there for all my milestones, my first field trip by plane in middle school, my entire high school experience, getting my driver's license, coming out to friends and family, graduation, first few years of community college. all through that, i had him by my side (: see thats the beauty of our beloved pets, we desperately need each other but when push comes to shove, we make sure neither of us go through any more pain than we could already endure Sup Morning from my timezone ): https://tenor.com/view/%e9%a2%a8%e9%82%aa-%e7%9c%8b%e7%97%85-%e3%81%8a%e5%a4%a7%e4%ba%8b%e3%81%ab-cold-take-care-gif-15782642 @azula kick the virus's ass nobody likes that whore anyway Ms. Rona can piss off Ily too!  welcome! @quotes-and-asks fav book and LI? Dean and yeah ATV has *some* redeeming qualities Ig, kinda prefer Leo tho, wish it let us play as a male MC tho :OOF: another :OOF: man it just sucks that loss of taste and smell is one of the symptoms of the virus #irl-squad ^^ there's literally no need for me to be shocked at anything that punk ass does anymore. i go straight to facepalming  did he not just pass the kool-aid around about vote-by-mail fraud? wasnt he just being paranoid about that shit the past few weeks? https://tenor.com/view/the-irony-irony-ironic-gif-6233732 *Jacksepticeye irony gif intensifies* a very flawed political system allowing dimwitted half-wits to stay in power for their conservative ideals to flourish god i just want him to be friggin arrested already he's already encouraging crime Tf @The joker (Got Hacked) looks good! @azula omg thats really good to hear!  Huh? Channel or server? Theres a difference BOLAS and IL  can we not with "other server drama?" what a good boi  and i think the Rock and his family are barely recovering from it as well wait no it just says they were recently tested positive :hawyee: he said they got it from a family friend It was never cleared about how the situation came to be The family friend was probably by their lonesome but even then, theres still a risk You literally dont know where theyve been Fingers crossed It truly does And health insurance :LMFAOdead: Would a pet book be possible for PB? Like not just cats and dogs But expand to birds and amphibians and reptiles and stuff Bc Im more willing to spend diamonds on a doggo than a baby And Im still waiting on a LGBTQ+ culture book  YES RAE Aight I need to sleep now. Night night  Lemme know if the quality is crap lol ~~I really just did this~~ Not that I recall, no Nope My parents never tell me anything until something weird actually happens to me Like my seasonal allergies and occasional hand rashes, I got those from my dads sisters  And thank It depends on how well my relationship with them has developed over time Actually yeah I do Thats about accurate, yeah :0 More than that actually 8-9 Since middle school then up until now in our respective college years I consider that number my only close friends that I genuinely trust and keep in contact with to this day Aww I hope so  Ngl this palm reading thing is pretty cool Def Theyre important qualities to me. Just a few of many I would think Oh gosh yes. I hate being forced into a leader role. Id much rather be the follower/team player than the leader Less stress and at least I know what Im doing bc someone is telling me the instructions Ye Heh ~~im the only one here who was willing to make mine public for all to see~~ the very last one Wb lets not advise partying during a pandemic knowing the USA, it might take longer than that we have idiots who cant follow the rules no everything i say is stupid https://tenor.com/view/but-wait-nope-gif-14217892 general education ye it really do be like that holy moly tf is English Lexicology .ud english lexicon well damn im a dumb American then . ah wack name but aight damn so many possible foreign language options wow this is really...overwhelming ooo Morning *hugs Tay* @Purplesim these workout gifs lol lol Episode wont take tech savvy shit, you either pay or not xd ive seen enough of their ads to know how funny the animations are lol something like that Same I chose Dark Rory just cause OG HSS I chose Michael  ^ Cant wait to be rid of that hoe  Lets remember that Choices and reality are COMPLETELY different 
> Undergrad definitely isn't like it is in Choices lmao
@Maxroberts99 College is crying for help and mentally dying I felt that ~~Viets always come out on top~~ :aww: love it https://tenor.com/view/pepe-pepocheer-happy-hooray-gif-11933234 king oh god good luck Furi Apparently yeah I dunno, I get the feeling people will eventually get bored of the single LI thing. At least thats what Ive been reading up on Wetness was experimental of course but it was done in such a :jebus: way If I had to compare the two, TNA did the single LI thing slightly better than WABR The Nanny Affair got it all in one Jordo release schedule is shrinking once more  gross and technically, for my hemisphere anyway, fall is ending this week wait scratch that im big dumb when ive been in quarantine for so long, im ashamed to say i lost track of the seasons :LMFAOdead: i know that now Doge smh lemme acknowledge my own ignorance only i get to bully myself :mmYea: no no hard no very big no ultra mega very big no side note: why is it so satisfying to see the general chat filled with only pfps of doggos XD you got Rusty and you got Doge :hawyee: That was MW whose writers left Hero has an art budget problem Fr Depends on whats gonna be on it xd It couldve been if a third It Lives was confirmed  Hopefully Oh right The mystery book I forgot Yeah they havent made any further announcements since then I mean they released Class Act Book 3 and TRM last October so anythings possible  :pleb: ASDFGHJKL Would pay to see that :mmYea: You know what I find ironic tho?
Timmy Turner is hella short
while Trixie Tang is hella tall.
Viv is hella short
while her boyfriend is hella tall :LMFAOdead:  I think half of this server could  Big arms good Being carried is the best part, (so Ive heard)   ~~Maybe I just embrace being a || submissive || ~~ asdsdjaasdjaksda VIV ~~his ass was practically asking for it anyway by bending down~~ :pleb:  winning them over, one || titty || at a time :WTFthonk: ooh hangriness is a bitch its his go-to move clever boi smart boi "Fury On" why do i like that number 1 is always valid facts Furi did he and his wife recover from covid? its been a while but im pretty sure i heard they did thank goodness  ooh i have not oh wait now i remember this XD i forgot my result smh welp time to retake it as well "The best match between the self assessment you provided and the profile of a fictional character as rated by other people who have taken this survey is the character Landry Clarke (Friday Night Lights)."

i dont know this character or this show lmfao oh wait its a movie wait shit tv show i was right the first time this is why i am 50% logical :bigmood: has no one ever heard of the phrase "tiny but mighty" smh o she denied your potential ik for sure you'd take me down easily, and im taller than you Viv im weak and meek in terms of "athletic prowess" so im sure youd have no problem kicking my ass XD HOW?! sda;klsaklsdakl;kl;s you ate bread?  its spelled "banh mi" depends on the cronch lmao crunching on bnh m apparently means you couldnt care less  ~~want some?~~ even as an introvert, a vow of silence no es posible for me @BigHutchHO oh hey look, its you i mean ik im fat, but what is "traves cot burge" exactly?  ooh never heard of that :hawyee: Obviously alcoholic addiction Liver failure, drunk driving, the list goes on :bigmood: Aye wb @Deleted User yeah, so long as the video quality size is small (if you're nitro-less) if you've got nitro, you can upload any sized video send emotes from other servers you're in there's prolly more, but i wouldnt know i know you could also boost servers or sum same Viv :caticon: xd oh yeah, i can see it it'd have to be curlier tho and like much shorter huh Peach just has her finger to her lips tho got it all in one yup her surname "Trinh" is Viet lol Kyo @ your custom status @red hot silly pepper youre a good mother XD Goob evening Viv Wow Im *this* sheltered Yet not entirely i still remember an obnoxious yt kid back in elementary school who used to call me "ching chong" on the playground then come middle school math class, he cried after being scolded by the teacher that he didnt show any of his work on the previous night's homework and i just looked at him with a grin karma's a bitch :mmYea: goes to show, no one is born with hate. its taught by shitty ass parents who dont deserve to breed Gl Benji His tweet be like:

ayo my friendssssssss were ungrateful about their gifts, ~~time to be rid of them and find new ones~~ :redfield: Omg he does  Belvoire Np  Even the woman who created gender reveals are advising all parents to stop after what happened on the entire USA west coast ^ Gender reveal parties are so stupid but hey as long you dont kill anybody, fine by me @azula ooh what for? ah i see you gonna be on TV or is it just for a written article? We all got colored roles now No more name roles for the OG members Original As in the first few members ever to have joined the server when it first started > I'm the 91st person to have joined this server
Im 82nd  > How did you figure that out
#robo-lab-bots lmao Bruh Basically these Wdym by that? BB became a three-book series + a holiday special Well now you know :pleb:  Ugh now Im missing my friends too and our group hugs :hawyee: Fuck you covid and fuck everyone who cant follow the damn rules ~~Sand bags tho~~ I got that lol :LMFAOdead: Jfc thats freakishly tall Viv Maam Are Pri and I gonna have to say something? I wanna say something so badly right now and so does pri  https://tenor.com/view/will-ferrell-mind-reader-are-you-reading-my-mind-gif-12130474 :dva: :LMFAOdead: Exposed :caticon: Yes sir you did :mmYea: She hiding now Lmao https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 :WTFthonk: Shes on mobile rn Keyboard :eyez:  Viv is in denial Viv Come back here Were not done with you Thats no excuse, Ive seen you stay up longer :eyez: Come back here missy and let us make fun of you for being short REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE https://tenor.com/view/friends-phoebe-buffay-lisa-kudrow-get-back-here-gif-16026390 Admit youre short and I can let you go  Maam Why Lmao #feedback-and-suggestions hehe YES OMG VC AND AMONG US SOMETIME GB Tell the truth REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Im surrounded by liars and deniers :eyez: :redfield: Pri has proof :mmYea: :WTFthonk: Prolly from denial :pleb: And its magnificent @Deleted User @oge  should we revive the Drewpocalypse? Now thats chaos  We shall return  :aww: We multiplying now  Oh yes Do it Join the Drew Side We have Drew cookies ): :mmYea: Teehee JOIN DREW CHAOS WILL REIGN SUPREME Tru It really do be like that :aww: Since Viv wont admit shes short, were gonna spread the Drewpocalypse Lmao I wanna see that again @oge get your fat ass in here and change your everything It was a glorious day  Any chaos is good chaos Why not today ): Do it Mayhaps Oh yes And your pfp Hehe Ya yeet If only Doge would change his damn pfp XD Nah Sanity is overrated Chaos is trending rn Haha just crop it lmao Ye You get Drew Thats it Lol Thats beautiful Oh right ): :hawyee: owo Accept the Drew and love it https://tenor.com/view/drew_gulak-drew_train-drewtopia-gif-10450303 No Yes Oh god yes lmao petition signed  Color :aww: Embrace it And me Drew Da homie Nice to meet you too  Its complete I think uwu https://tenor.com/view/drew-gulak-drew_train-drewtopia-gif-10450303 The only train youll ever need Drewception Lmao Drewful thinking Lol we even invaded the feedback channel temporarily We flew over to feedback channel to debate the Starboard bot It usually depends on how many people are active in that channel at the time So its up to them if they wanna click star :mmYea: :hawyee: @Deleted User guess it only works in your server correctly I mean my behavior has improved So Because Why not Yeah honestly whatever happens, I dont mind. Just gonna watch how it plays out I been knew my sense of humor sucks so  \_()_/ Moving on with our timezones I have errands to run soon and Im not in the mood to leave the house Never even heard of that I dont watch a whole lot of new TV these days @Rayvenrock ye you can change back now lol Ive been watching a lot of sitcoms lately oof apparently I can never escape the laugh track Me neither Lmao Pri The Big Bang Theory And what Kyo said Anyway #choices-chat or #baby-bump Hmm Then idk Hehe @ agreed. It had its good episodes and bad episodes i only recognize Nick Robinson on there oop yup cant get over how much i love the server icon i genuinely wish i could lose my memory of playing It Lives just so i can experience it for the first time again lmao voting continued even after the 24 hours were up likely Basically any of the admins So yeah. Those two  Lmao Nice  wow they have all kinds of therapies nowadays Agreed well is your bed up against a wall? on any side whatsoever? that might be it yes next time spoiler tag or save it for #recent-chapter-spoilers but still next time || remember to do this when a chapter has recently released || otherwise you're gonna upset some people Viv lol yeah it made me *hoppy* Gotta blast  Now the world is guaranteed to end  welcome! fav book and LI? noice! understandable! anyway hope you enjoy your stay and Choices in general! I mean as an American, and as Harry has put it, I think everything theyre doing with their lives is preventing another Princess Diana incident Lol sorry Benji I thought I was being rude by doing that > Theyre an actual disgrace to this country
I can see your point > Theyve tried to not have royal duties but still be royals and be paid for it
Literally never thought of it that way. I havent been keeping up so thats fair Valid Lmao her color is still Oakley Clan from the time she turned into DaHomieDrew XD #color-role-channel :mmYea: Shes back :aww: For the time being We shall rise again  same Just Rising Tides The environment book Thats it Agreed This is literally the rest of 2020 Yup Well Some type of political drama book True xd Hmm  XD welp Oh so theyre Chads Oh right, those exist :WTFthonk: Quizlet came through for me throughout high school Pizza stopped being part of classroom culture once I moved on from elementary school to middle school :hawyee: :WTFthonk: Doge pupper Smol bby :aww: Aww Doge I didnt know your baby pics were public :aww: I just wanna Boooo-p his lil nose https://tenor.com/view/dog-nose-boop-massage-gif-11159084 Yeah no offense but this needed to be said. Asking for likes is just degrading yourself and seeking approval from online strangers is just not healthy at all @maiishirogane well i mean if its all in harmless fun :WTFthonk: y'all remember the "Like for a tbh" posts? the approval-seeking with those are just atrocious Logical You have to admit HP, its an accurate portrayal of you XD *truth *facts aww, but he loves it uwu well there's the fashion book, scandalous book, romanticized illness book, and the currently-updating historical fiction book depends if you're interested in any of those and if you can afford VIP atm yeah Same :hawyee: Invisibility because of my shyness Vivs superpower is bipolarness tho :LMFAOdead: Controlling the weather at the palm of her hand based on her current emotion *Tsunami warning siren intensifies when Viv PMSs* Oh thatd be cool too To give dastardly villains the *slip* Hmm Viv could be the Avatar, controlling all four elements @oge why not both  Eh I guess @oge well since I already have invisibility, you can have teleportation :pleb: Oh god No :jebus: https://tenor.com/view/no-bugs-bunny-nope-gif-14359850 Definitely Kyo as a superhero tho Kyo would be known as simply J.J. :aww:  Hes mostly been active in #vip-spoilers lol https://tenor.com/view/awkward-black-kid-gif-3535805 Oh like soul searching? Reaching deep inside someones soul? Idk sum like that Truth-seer Mr. Transparent maybe because invisibility. Idk, Im not creative with names  Ooo thats a good one Gadget is ridiculously cute tho Oh shoot, a rivalry arc between Mara and Gadget  :aww: Yup :LMFAOdead: https://tenor.com/view/frozone-the-incredibles-where-is-my-supersuit-gif-15694956 Ikr I....am just gonna wait until the VIP books become public lmao so Ill be waiting a long time Fair point But Pumpkin pie is *chefs kiss* Hmm Im almost certain it means a joke @azula Unless 2A means something on pubg specifically Idk, I just remember it literally translates to a joke ~~Also according to Google Translate~~ ah yes the *real* discoverer of North America, not that clown Columbus Yeah thats just dumb FWB can be occasionally fun but long-term relationships are preferable imho what Furi said, Viv xd you know what they say, jealousy is not a good look  thats good no need to overthink it stressing out over nothing isnt worth the trouble lol mutual trust is a must-have in relationships yeah dont go full on Yandere Viv XDDD oh jeez  lmao didnt think the obliviousness is common in most men :WTFthonk:  lmao i literally read that in Timmy's and Trixie's voices :LMFAOdead: oof Wack Guess we know where PB got their inspiration for that Oh Oops :LMFAOdead: welcome! @Deleted User fav book and LI? ooh you just downloaded Choices recently? i love books like Blades of Light & Shadow (fantasy), Veil of Secrets (mystery) and Big Sky Country (romance) VOS is top tier OH is good too! Book 1 was amazing Book 2 tho, couldve been better ye more equal screentime for the LI characters AND non-LI characters ugh yeah those chapters were depressing i think everyone here is pretty much caught up so you dont have to worry per se dw you're good spoiler tag if you feel its right ILITW is *chef's kiss* nice highly recommend playing ILB next everyone, but i sacrificed Noah F ye they even stated at the very beginning; depending on the character's personality, its harder or easier to lose/gain nerve for that person XD @Deleted User shhhh Doge aint an admin lmao https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 teehee yes watchu gonna do about it punk no u XD @Deleted User eh not really nowadays we use it for serious questions but rarely ye check out all the channels feel free to browse Witness is an atrocity you're better off that way if you value your brain cells, dont read Wetmess its very beyond shitty  Sunkissed SK has the cringiest of cliffhangers the marinara sauce :LMFAOdead: eh DS wasnt that bad imho id recommend it i loved it i blame PB for that they really gave it the NB treatment so many unanswered questions ^ hella rushed ending agreed actually TNA MC is such a hypocrite exactly the double standards with that awful book: its soooooooooooooooo scandalous that Sofia is cheating on Sam with Robin but if MC does it, its out of love  Endless Summer ES is :aww: highly recommend it back in the good old days when storytelling actually had quality ^ any OG book is good TC&TF yeah... i dont like TRR, shouldve ended at Book 3 TRH ruined it ugh no kidding yeah id stay clear of TRH ^^^^ same ): unfortunately the old writers of It Lives left so it prolly wouldnt do any good anyway :hawyee: they're all in the void smh oh yes another mystery book is coming im more intrigued with that ye fingers crossed sad for a VIP book, it looks....not good its PM and STD's ugly lovechild yeah people thought WEH was gonna be public until COVID complications oop lol so am I no u its morning for me so im wide awake :3 timezones be wack 10:41 AM for me crazy :HelloThere: noice grab some roles so you could be European Squad #roles you have the Choices mod never having to pay for diamond choices and all that jazz gotta play Choices on an Android device i think someone can help you with that over in #tech-channel a lot of newly modded users get their help from there check the Pinned Messages Finding Dory just does that to ya isnt it always :aww: what can i say, nothing interesting goes on in my life \_()_/ but ye weird word lol but makes sense  moist tho *shivers* Night HP XD Lmao I went to vote for him and I suddenly saw three votes I thought my phone broke :redfield: Ye :WTFthonk: Friiiiieeeeeennnnd :aww: His happy expression is also cute or whateva Hes literally saying uwu Ooh thats more like it not true theres also that one girl xd no democracy ftw :eyez: Doge "smart" https://tenor.com/view/no-bugs-bunny-nope-gif-14359850 im cheap and broke, i'll send discord emotes as screenshots however much i want https://tenor.com/view/pepe-laugh-kek-intensifies-kek_intensifies-gif-10111909 no nah i dont need your dirty money :eyez: https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 has Uberbot stopped working in the #welcome-mat channel? havent seen it in there for a while how come? eh guess we never know what goes on behind the scenes hi welcome! fav book and LI? TH:M and ILITW *chef's kiss* favorite book: VOS. favorite LI: Sawyer :pleb: ye its fun to read for those that like simple, country-themed romance, nothing too extra or in my case, Brokeback Mountain with happy ending xD Nikolai?  yes! Nikolai is an awesome character, beautifully written definitely one of PB's rare accurate portrayals of a foreign character :OOF: Good luck Kyo well nevertheless, fingers crossed and best of luck Pizza Realm XD Nice Easter egg of the common Disney Pizza Planet not 100% per se but i recognize all the gags and easter eggs and references by now lol ~~i dont always spot A113 right away tho~~ they're all aight but i'd go with either Rapunzel or Merida i loved the movie Tangled, but Merida defied all the stereotypes that a princess "needs a happy ever after" with a man and marriage. it was simply about mother/daughter relationships and Brave was something else (: ye they're both amazing in their own ways  are you using the same Facebook account on both devices? if you connected to it at all, of course ah then nvm then i cant help you further than that xd yeet yourself over to #tech-channel that too @azula mayhaps :hawyee: ^ He just looks...extra its wack @azula this. is. badass. wishing you a speedy recovery Afaik, yes I honestly think it couldve either been easily called Parent of the Year so it wouldnt be genderlocked or MOTY can get a spin-off called Father of the Year ~~Theres always BaBu2~~ Jk Yeah and it was aight Asian and left the default name as Zoey It suited her I think we can safely assume that any and all Asian children are adorable af :pleb: ~~Thats debatable for me~~ But you Viv Queen XD Valid If you know any ||DILFs|| Im getting my robe and gavel ready asdfghjkl My poor judgement dumb ass wouldve assumed late 30s  Has anyone ever dared to do the corny thing and asked you if she was your sister? Id more or less likely be an actually smart female Einstein who did well in school and is super confident about it And maybe sticking to everyday casual ~~probably~~ Yes  Some of them, but only the try-hards on social media So like, very close to being a full on Asian Chad  Just like the white chads: standard tank top, Nike shorts, backwards baseball caps I mean from the photos youve sent, he seems like an ordinary guy to me  Down to earth, friendly, kinda like a gentle giant-ish. just my impression That was a thing? :WTFthonk: Tbf I dont know it at all since Ive now been here for over a year now lmao More like uneducated Unaware Unknown Oh yeah It Lives :hawyee: Enough with the romance fluff PB. Bring the horror genre back  Lol HP not getting mad about being pinged?? https://tenor.com/view/twilight-zone-formula-clock-eye-ball-gif-14367278  :ethink: scientific facts reeeeeeeeeeee But what, punk? You dont? ~~Its not like I had a life anyway~~ Oh no Luckily it doesnt bother me as much Unlike some people *cough* @Water Puppies  *cough* Nah you good Its @Water Puppies that I like to have fun with  Yay  Tbf this server is barely active anyway so I dont mind having notifs on for this wonderful place Yeah it kinda seems that way Also welcome! @Metta ~~Current content sucks anyway~~ ES god tier @MaralinaSakura another fictional character that shares your name  And its a cursed enemy Im poor and cheap and cant afford Nitro okay? https://tenor.com/view/pepe-why-pepe-pepehands-crying-gif-12683546 Youve become the Karen of video games  Oh yeah you were yeeted across the room by a robot :LMFAOdead: And uh, I was that basketball coach who blackmails his corrupt sister in HSS :WTFthonk:  @kyo stay safe and healthy ~~Good grades~~ Oof thats a toughie Maybe a simple birthday card? It could go a long way Im one of those low effort gift givers so my ideas usually suck  Ooh I think that would definitely make her day Early Valentines Day gift. The classic chocolates and flowers Kyo give her that li xi envelope. Who needs to wait for Lunar New Year? :OOF: @MaralinaSakura and yes we have a Target chain Night Kyo Tbf its mostly Walmart thats known for selling guns at the freakin front door. Target is just known for its mascot: a dog with a target painted on his eye xd His name is Bullseye Wait wtf Kyo? :WTFthonk: Reeeeeeee im currently getting ready are we gonna join VC in this server or elsewhere? :eyez: definite yes it didnt deserve that dirty cliffhanger :hawyee: all they need is the art and script https://tenor.com/view/pepe-why-pepe-pepehands-crying-gif-12683546 fr :eyez: anyway VOS Asian male MC would be nice i love his face too much no maybe Dave Reyes? badass cop hmmmmmmmmm ooh ooh ooh Sean Gayle what do you think Viv? Doge no stalker from QB creepy nerd with glasses now look what you started Doge lmao @azula btw what do you think of Sean Gayle's sprite? would it stand out? he is tho i think *sigh* aight fine how about Andy o so bc Tom's sprite looks different but Andy's is not, and they would be the same age, it doesnt count? REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ooh i like Sienna rats ok maybe Griffin then ye POC rep accomplished  eww colonialism ooh how about Linh? maybe even Thu, Thuy, Huyen, Nga, Nhi, or Vi got plenty more if you'd like some oh well i can think of first names and surnames separately, but i can think of only a handful of full names that i know of like Loan Pham or Vi Nguyen yw :pleb: well the ones i named, those are their legal names and thats how i only know them as that'd prolly be it lmao Michelle is a common one among Viet girls i got a cousin named Michelle, there's Michelle Nguyen from ES like Pri pointed out XD Pri Pri Lemme explain something to you sweetheart that was funny XD Honestly who knows with PB anymore With the dry ass schedule, Im surprised it HASNT become easier for them to update MTFL. Then again, they are getting ready for RT to release and still beating the dead horse with TRH and wrapping up OH lel Wow Imagine breaking the fourth wall tho: just in case you fans needed a reminder, were 18 so definitely not underage. Okay back to the story. I dont blame you. Its pretty forgettable Kind of Depends on what school you want to go to Some unis are picky about the standardized test scores youve had in the past Others dont care at all Damn indigenous instruments and traditional folk dances Yall foreign cultures are wack Jkjk But only that aspect I mean I voluntarily wanted to play the trombone back in elementary school because I was trying new things but then I got bored after a year and never tried any other extracurricular activity ever again lmao Ugh I can never ever dance in public That aint it chief Its called o Di and youd only wear this on Vietnamese Lunar New Year, aka Tt Full view for both genders. Gotta love how the women look so happy and confident while the men look stiff as a board ~~But I actually did feel stiff growing up, idk why, I didnt like wearing mine~~ ugh sorry, my dad is making run an errand rn literally just walked in to tell me right after you pinged me smh Im glad to see that you love it now tho after yesterdays session @azula you and your boyfriend should do this cosplay for Halloween  XD darn oh god not that again :jebus: white people will come up with the darndest things https://tenor.com/view/fairly-odd-parents-trixie-tang-timmy-turner-pretty-crush-gif-4530310 :pleb: no he left i stan Hilda the Doggo she made Mr. Red go away she's always worth it Elliot is baby who must be protected :lgbt_heart_sparkly: omg yes some stories had more than one sibling would it be easier to only do the books with only one sibling? i would think so tbh roe had three i can already imagine a hypothetical cousin poll: Violet (ROE) or Nadia (PM) lel :heresthemf: doggos are prepping for battle in all honesty, i expected Furball to be in the automatic lead Furball and the Arylu are the only non-doggos in the poll  heh i love all the doggos i love Pomeranians even more i just didnt like TRM i feel like the Pomeranian breed couldve been featured in a better book but idk, im weird Threep ftw not a huge cat person irl but Threep is something different xd thats what makes me love him lol he's the epitome of the average cat's personality but the only other cat in multimedia that i stan is Salem from "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" Salem would kick Threep's ass i would think https://tenor.com/view/cat-halloween-witches-sorciere-gif-6583375 :heresthemf: :aww: :hawyee: @VVUser8 if youre on mobile, just tap on Invite And then this If youre on PC, it should look similar-ish https://tenor.com/view/halloween-happy-skeleton-dance-gif-15937345 > Let's all honor our loved ones who have crossed to the other side 

Agreed  Mines remains is currently chillin near my computer 24/7 I have terrible organization skills but this still looks good to me nonetheless yeah sure sounds about right I got half of them wrong but Ill let you copy them anyway :caticon: ive had people copy my math homework, knowing full well that i got some of it wrong :pleb: > the quality of stories have declined
Facts. Schedule has been dry af lately. Decision making barely has any effect on the story anymore and the MCs usually have no say in the matter. God I miss 2018 Choices. Back when you could choose your MCs gender and make decisions that actually had an impact on the story I havent genuinely enjoyed a book since BOLAS and DS ended There used to be one and it was called Storyscape :hawyee: Now THAT was a good Choices alternative welcome! fav book and LI? cool huh? nope im not on there much ah he kinda does tho lol how ambitious of you and no not technically... just as long as you dont take it too far political talks go into #current-events-talk just fyi grab some #roles and you'll gain access to more private channels and, well, roles well your profile still says "No Roles" for this server ~~i'd make a terrible staff member, good thing im not one~~ #multimedia-shabang for games other than Choices  You couldve pinged Benji for that question lmao Ah @Deleted User My family is from Vietnam but I was born and raised in the USA Pretty much But even before the pandemic, they dont always lead you to success right off the bat The job market and economy is hella complex and even with a uni education, it was hard Usually the ones to do with corporate affairs, technology based, etc Oh and being a simple business owner/entrepreneur It depends on how skilled you are Im not too knowledgeable on those, sorry Oh god > @DaHomieDrew bruh, I'm taking IT at high school
@Deleted User  impressive Ugh racial discrimination will never end. Hispanic discrimination has intensified in the last four years and asian discrimination intensified since the pandemic began Its mostly the white American racists, yes They dont have the mental capacity to see past skin color Theyre stuck in their own little shitty world where white is surpreme Imagine white people thinking they know the different types of Asians :mmNo: No Karen and Kevin, just stop trying You dont know shit @azula ~~Im not entirely sure tbh~~ mayhaps? Were just so diverse even I myself cant tell so I just keep my mouth shut because I dont know a whole lot myself Ice cream lol #tech-channel for that Check the pinned messages :WTFthonk: What happened? Tell the story! :marafrogemoji: All over a broken window Rich people really do be like that, a pain in our asses Yeah this definitely is considered low priority in the eyes of the American law Hopefully Filipino law sees it the same way O Hmm I mean even rich criminals have actually been given the proper sentence and so like hopefully shes just bluffing This entire situation is just dumb Oh shit The sad reacts tho Um Well Someone gifted me nitro for a month So like :dogeheart: I finally know what it feels like to be a rich discord user :glasses: :BooParty: Do discord servers have limited numbers of emotes? That sucks Ah yes server boosts mean more perks Forgot about that I love it :Bbay: :pls: :PinguDab: :WalterStare: :boi: Yeet :pleb: Nitro feels so good Honestly Ive only been exploring the emotes aspect lmao :SquidwardPoo: Oh right, bigger file uploads as well A friend of a friends from a different server Shes my hero :SpookyScary: :omega_blob_think: ASDFGHJKL Yes Doge Its officially all over for you hoes :HappyDance: I only have it for a month so :rainbow_vibe_cat: I actually dunno lmao The friend just DMed it to me Lmfao I was so much confusion that day Istg it was definitely an intern they had that was policing the comment section that day I was just like :huh:  Coming right up Should we move over to #music ? Lmao REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE We both look great Viv sksksksksksksksksksksksksskks :dogekek: :kek: no it was the pornhub thing at the top XD he was swiping it off the screen while pretending not to be flushed on live tv so mayhaps lmao or i could just be gullible and that was a really *really* good edit https://twitter.com/drippydrank/status/1324130477452775425?s=21 Flash, Flash, Hundred Yard Dash, how are the votes doing? :cooldown: yup they had to hire singers and such @hon3p0c welcome! Welcome! @laurits This is just one of many fanmade servers , owned and operated by regular every-day people Anyway welcome back? I think I remember seeing you here before Oop Meh I dont mind cleaning up after a dog. Its just as equally disgusting and a chore as cleaning out a litter box and Ive done both But Viv is right. Dogs get easily attached to you. Cats make you work for their approval  Good morning > I have my ways
@Rayvenrock  wdym you have your ways? It was in the November newsletter, which everyone can sign up for :dogekek: Not so high and mighty now are ya? :mmYea: :marafrogemoji: > I mean, if you have money, why not show it?
Because not only are you showing off your privilege, youre being a complete asshat about it. I dont care for the intentions, youre just making everyone around you feel bad about themselves. There are people out there in the world who would do anything for a simple ROOF over their heads, or even clean water, or decent clothes. Rich people can buy all they want just so long as they dont shove it in my face and flaunt it in front of the unfortunates faces I never said you couldnt Im not forcing you to do anything Just dont be a complete douche about it I feel strongly about this because my parents raised me in a way that I should always count my blessings. They grew up in Vietnam during the war. My dad came from a wealthy family and my mom was middle class but even they know firsthand how the less fortunate live, especially when they immigrated to America. They started out with nothing and now they managed to scrape together enough so that I can live in a nice middle class neighborhood with a functional roof over my head, go to a good school, and well, have a decent life! I dont ask for much and I prefer it that way. Im grateful for what I got, not for what I want. I hate it when people do that They make countries great Me neither Ive ridden a bike with my uncle on the streets of Vietnam and I can tolerate that Gimme a simple four door car thatll get me from Point A to Point B any day Money for transitioning I can understand but everything else, be thankful for what you have. But if you want more, go for it. Just be mindful of those around you Lmao Nope  Stay safe Viv Very American indeed tho lol Yes actually Three The standard two guys and one girl Avoid the Best Man at all costs But you get to decide for yourself if you like the || from enemies to lovers || trope cause thats pretty much what Justin is all about No the Best Man Its aight Nah actually, one is your childhood friend and the other is a dressmaker iirc There were 7 I think Godspeed Viv  STD LI lmao ye the acronym is roastable had such a small role and yet she lowkey epic lol :flushedfisheye: you dont like him bc he resembles you lmao hehe me neither self esteem XD BOLAS is just that good :mmYea: :kek: hmm dont forget DS  :uwuhappy: :uwu: No its not, I dont think....? So long as youre not saying shit like ||tranny|| or calling the person their opposite gender Because those gestures are worse imho Yeah it all depends on the person. I know a lesbian and a gay guy whos perfectly fine with her calling him a ||fag|| its kinda wack to me but who am I to judge. He doesnt take offense and she knows Idk maybe Im wrong and Im looking at it differently If someone can reassure/re-educate me, thatd be fine because i still dont know anything Yeah I figured that much @KaiaLou ignore my dumb shit Yeah thanks for the heads up and for the info Sorry if I caused any discomfort Spiders are indeed the epitome of pure evil But yeah I still have a long ways to go to learn the fine line between harmless in-good-fun joking and blatant disrespect Its a wee bit privileged to say the least but like at the same time, it could also be considered in good fun? Idk, I took the school bus every day in high school and even I joke that Im a peasant for not getting my license early like everyone else my age at the time Classist would prolly be revving your sports car in a poor neighborhood like Viv talked about earlier in this channel or throwing away your AirPods just because they stopped working instead of properly disposing of them Eh Idek anymore I mean personally I think theyre not all bad and they can be convenient for those who cant afford to own cars Yeah public transportation can be a schedule nightmare but some people manage Well as an introvert, I do very much prefer to be in a vehicle by myself with no one else around while I blast my favorite music out loud. Its so therapeutic, especially when theres no one to judge my music tastes lmao Im thankful for the fact that my dad is retired so he lets me borrow his car to run errands or hang out with friends (before the pandemic of course.) Im so glad I got my license way before all that shit went down I felt that in high school lol I was so jealous of all my classmates Yeah the USA is very chillin about letting 16 year olds drive But like still with strict laws Eh not really, not the written portion anyway. The written test was hell for me I hated every minute of it The questions barely made any sense Oh yikes I myself took an hours-long online course, had to have some practice hours with a licensed professional, then more with my parent, and then written portion. And finally, my actual driving test with a DMV employee. Luckily mine was a very young woman who was friendly and easygoing and I passed my very first time with only three mistakes The day I passed, god I was practically over the moon You better hope you dont get older people. Theyre grumpy and very strict with what you have to do xd At least with my friends experiences The older instructors are very rude sometimes and hold you to ridiculous expectations I was lucky enough to have someone who legit looked close to my age I myself had to drive around a low income suburban neighborhood so there were a lot of hazards Occasionally I went out on the more busier streets in commercial and business districts to make it more of a challenge but I never had to do the freeway on the test. Just some lane changing on the local roads, parallel parking, all that jazz There were a lot of stop sign intersections tho, holy moly Oh damn, American driving tests are NOT that extensive xd It was only checking the mirrors, looking over the shoulder and hand positioning on the wheel for me But nothing too extra other than that Oof mine was more than three mistakes and you failed but three or less means you passed Yea kinda I was lucky enough to only have made three mistakes She literally told me You passed. And I wanted to scream happily right there and then :Dopeyhappy: Youre good lol :marafrogemoji: I mean theyre common names No name is exclusive to Choices Lel ah yes, rain while on a bus. i lowkey miss that vibe well personally, i love the rain more if im inside. when im outside and its falling hard, its not too pleasant being outside while drizzling or light rain = therapeutic but thats just me Happy Friday the 13th everyone from the Pacific Time Zone  https://tenor.com/view/friday-mask-killer-skip-hop-dancing-gif-7552528 Same @KaiaLou good luck! I might not be a car enthusiast, but speaking as someone who shares a Toyota with his dad, I can say the brand is trustworthy Yikes What a douche-y move Civilization video game franchise https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilization_(series) *doge* Does Uberbot not respond to asterisks? Smh Wait _ works too? _what the fuck_ Wack How did I not know this sooner Me neither :flushedfisheye: You really just said my head twice Smh Yeah but not in the same message *doge* Smh Nah :nou: Average, hbu? im excited for a new diamond mine at least Also lowkey the new discord update is tripping me out. But Ill get used to it eventually Facebook has a similar look when replying to a specific persons comment, same connecting line and everything maybe you havent updated Discord yet. i updated both on my PC and my phone oh wait no you dont quote it you reply test there it is sjksjjkajjkas there it is hmm so its no longer called quote just reply :pleb: Ree Viv was more referring to race and features, not gender ~~Inb4 they look like Bartie~~ More scandalous scenarios lmao If we got to choose the race With the female Mayor Dixon, who knows Ugh I just wanna see a family fluff story with gay dads for once. We havent seen any more portrayals since Marias parents from HSS I think we can all agree we hate Clit lmao Even Maralina has admitted to being emotionally traumatized by his stalker-ish motives OH HELL NAWWWWWW :jebus: sjdkdlfjglrlrl If youre unable do it, then I will. Sure I wont be able to show the diamond scenes but Ill step in if you and your mental health need protecting :dogeheart: True... ye, its not even called "quote" anymore, just simply "reply" xd No u :jebus: Im honestly tired of Cordonia so like I could do without the apple obsession for one lifetime But god almighty I hope TRH3 is the final conclusion If theres a spin-off about Royal grandparents, Im ||throwing myself onto a sword|| Nope Mhm same hat HP eh i hear both boat and hat in this server xd its hard keeping up with the youngsters :hawyee: ~~oh wait im a youngster~~  Oh right, Kyo is the son :marafrogemoji: we still do tbh especially here in California Californian motorists think the turn signal is a mere accessory and it baffles me how anyone could NOT use it, especially on the freeway when changing lanes their excuse? "cant let anyone know my next move" tf does that mean :marafrogemoji: Ok but we have way too many people here. You couldnt possibly be followed or stalked without any eyewitnesses around Still a dumb excuse Or people are just too immature/stubborn and need to grow up and start using their turn signals so that way, more lives can be saved Im not risking an anxiety attack on the freeway all because some asshat wants to be slick and cut me off just because they can All jokes aside, its usually more white people who are driving erratically on the freeway I usually end up giving them the finger and secretly hope they see Its Family Guy, try not to take it too seriously xd Im an Asian driver and Ive considered myself to be very cautious and aware of my surroundings and Ive been driving for 2-3 years now or so Yeah overall, driving by myself is just so therapeutic while doing it safely Being mindful of others on the road all the while enjoying your own company with no one else trying to backseat-drive you or criticize your music tastes lol @KaiaLou got plans? lol :marafrogemoji: :flushedfisheye: Imposter https://tenor.com/view/emergency-meeting-among-us-meeting-discuss-gif-18383222 I literally sung that in my head just now :FrogVroom: :RGBthinking: Hehe Actually I didnt pay for nitro A friend gifted it to me I only have it until the end of the month :sadbear: Its so amazing :thanos: It brings about world peace :stickbugged: :thinkspin: lol its been Corn. For a long while now :owo: :BOI: :bongo_hype: Oh Never :nou: :boo: :lightsabers: REEEEEEEEEEE Well there I go :THANOS_BREAD: Yes madame https://tenor.com/view/weewoo-patrick-star-siren-gif-15363908  Youre on thin ice Benji Yeah I was surprised when I first heard about that Wack Also Lmao First pinned message in a while Im proud of you Benji Benjis memes are always pin worthy - side note :kek: Bruh why are we lowkey turning into the Purge? All crime, including shitposting, will be legal for 12 continuous hours :pleb: Admins, mods, and emergency medical services will be unavailable to you until tomorrow morning at 7 AM when the Purge concludes :Bbay: https://tenor.com/view/gorilla-spinning-funny-war-crimes-gif-18253130 Is this crime okay? :shyduck: You didnt even bother to erase Tony :kek: Tonyo JSLSNSLSLAJALSHFHDKSKAKAK How many times have we used Kyos name for a Tokyo pun by now :hmm: I swear its been done before Oh wait I only did it once :mmYea: Japan is Kyos long lost home, confirmed Kyota, lets go places Shhhhhhh https://tenor.com/view/the-boss-baby-francis-outta-my-face-poke-eyes-gif-7991233 Looks about right :kek: Now thats a 1v1 Id pay to watch BARNEY THE DINOSAUR NUDES :LMFAOdead: *Kyoughs on all of you to make you stop* :eyez: :PinguDab: Thats not disgusting. Thats just usual men behavior Particularly of the cishet variety Im one of the few left in the world (tho Im gay lmao) that actually keeps it in my mouth and swallows it whenever I feel something build up in my salivary glands. I dont want to end up hitting some poor bystander that happens to be standing/walking nearby because thats just plain rude Also I dont feel the need to show off how much of a manly-man I pretend to be while asserting dominance. Stereotypical reason why men spit on the ground but you get the idea If you want @Arzaylea hi! Welcome! :hi_pusheen: We are noticing a huge influx coming from Reddit and were happy to have you :dogeheart: Same hat :hawyee: Because we love and care about you Kyo :uwu: Hehe More migrants are arriving :hyper_eyes: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH WE GOT ANOTHER ONE Come on dude, Choices doesnt ruin lives (tho that is occasionally debatable) Lol :HappyWave: True that Well have fun here regardless :pleb: #choices-memes has a lot of those Theyre the best Imagine being that creative, I could never Hey Thats *Unoriginal* Worm to you Repeat after me: *Unoriginal* Worm Close enough B for effort Same tho lmao My only flex is getting all As in only my social studies classes Because for some reason, that info is more easier for me to retain History is my side piece I think https://tenor.com/view/emergency-meeting-among-us-meeting-discuss-gif-18383222 Anatomy was my strength Twas fun I said *was* Kyo :kek: Me tho  I had a shitty chemistry teacher. Just one more thing I hated about it next to the fact that it had *math* in it It was disgosteng https://tenor.com/view/covid-covid19-corona-corona-virus-frontline-workers-gif-17274824 frontline workers deserve all the praise Welcome everyone! @Deleted User @DeckyMoore7 
@Unknown It was only one person Get your facts straight Yeah well so am I  Oop Anyway welcome current and future Redditors :HappyWave: Ree Oh god not QB Benji :kek: @BigHutchHO is the only good Benji I can vouch for him uwu Okay Benji Hutch Yeah Fancy :huh: XD The latest  pinned message will always confirm that very much lmao Because Uh Ignorance is bliss? wb you were here earlier then left ah i see all the Redditors are slowly migrating into here  tru A chat room on Reddit Yes but they were having problems with Discord earlier Mhm Just woke up Yeah cancel culture is very much active in 2020 Ok but Chris Hemsworth  @azula yup Side note: can I just say I love seeing this server active again :dogeheart: :bongo_hype: https://tenor.com/view/what-why-ariana-grande-victorious-cat-gif-4880804 Good Dunno her name Same Lol :dogekek: #feedback-and-suggestions if you want to make a request for that fae yes are they all doctors?  jkjk heyo getting there :pleb: Thanksgiving may be at home instead of a relative's house this year, but i'll still manage to stuff myself somehow xD Its Ariana Grande  Me neither but I still remember what she looks like lmao Prolly cause she was in Victorious and that show was part of my childhood oop https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 :marafrogemoji: https://tenor.com/view/they-had-us-in-the-first-half-not-gonna-lie-gif-13620240 My prom was going out to order fast food and then bring it home and eating it lmao :pleb: Yup people go big and wild with promposals But like at the same time, not *too* wild Not always But depends on who you are I guess And how you feel about it personally It is a pretty cliche trope tho ngl lmao Couldnt be me :bigmood: I was a bystander from the sidelines through them all so I can testify  Being the wallflower who observes everything, sure it was like watching a soap opera come to life Nah but I thirsted after my male teachers :kek: :marafrogemoji: Wack Man high school and the 20th century in general was a whole different dimension Now? Now my peers are already becoming parents at 18-20 so not entirely unusual  Online classes are wack too, dont get me wrong Yeah true but when you do them long enough, believe it or not, and this is coming from an introvert, I actually MISS going to in-person classes. I miss commuting to school and I miss my friends Anti maskers continue to clown about If you have a medical condition, then just stay home and have people get stuff for you Ive been seeing too many Karens in viral videos yelling oh so loudly while crying that she has a respiratory condition and thats why she cant wear a mask. But like youre yelling in a crowded space :WTFthonk: All essential workers do it anyway so Its the new normal Once again, thank you for your service! Frontline workers deserve more credit and they shouldnt have to lecture over and over again to the public about wearing a mask The foreshadowing predictions :kek: Yeah more young people need to realize that theyre not God. Covid doesnt discriminate due to age Stay safe and stay healthy, all of you! samesies dogs are :dogeheart: lmao sounds just like a Bianca petition to un-fuckboy Viv's cat :LMFAOdead: imagine having a man who talks about you like you're a household pet sjdasdjklasdaljksa does lowkey sound like he's holding someone captive LMAO jajajajajajajajaja so demanding :smug: *goddess Jax faceclaim :hyper_eyes: relationship goals high school sweethearts :uwuhappy: AHHHHHH MY GAY HEART :lgbt_heart_sparkly: not me, im hopelessly single forever LMFAO ssdjkaldjklasdjlasdkla nah i see everyone on Bumble same XD :marafrogemoji: ive heard Benji speak but not Furi ;_; emergency VC time WE NEED TO DO VC AGAIN oh god no lmao ): we're doing accent reveals join HP reeeeee nuuuuuu come back ;_; awww guinea pigs :dogeheart: ): tbf there were way too many people talking at once so there's multiple topics going on xd Good luck my dude BOLAS is still top tier tho Looking forward to BOLAS2, literally the only Book 2 Im invested in the near future When it hits 100+ chapters or so By the looks of things Sadly yes :hawyee: ~~But youre Daddy HP~~ Yup from here on out, its MTFL daily Up until the next Wednesday of course with RT Agreed  Its like a daily chore I actually WANT to do :LMFAOdead: Fine :bigmood: Another VC? :hyper_eyes: I can try, but gimme an hour or two and lemme see if the pirating website I use actually has the Cats movie yet lol :kek: And yes Tay Swift is in Cats Ill ping yall when I get around to finding the movie online :pleb: Gotta get some breakfast first Ill finally have motivation lmao wb Max! kyo doing crime?  :hmm: https://tenor.com/view/gorilla-spinning-funny-war-crimes-gif-18253130 Kyo as the getaway driver lmfao :kek: Petition to change Kyos nickname in this server to Baby Kyo https://tenor.com/view/yoda-baby-baby-yoda-baby-i-am-jedi-gif-15572435 Mhm Ahhh happy birthday Doge!  :dogeheart: :marafrogemoji: Doge: Become Deviant :dab: Clearly she had a bone to pick like the ones with the non-English characters in their username lol mhm ooo good luck Kyo!! remember everything you learned and do be careful yeah thats the one thing anyone could hope for, not an old timer whos gonna be overly critical of your every move and i always wondered how the hell they're still continuing those types of services during a pandemic Driving does feel that way for first timers but over time, you def get used to it and it becomes a basic life skill, like breathing and talking Sis same Its just another way of saying you end up daydreaming I feel this on a spiritual level. You get so used to it, memorized your daily routes enough, your mind starts drifting into another world and presto, youve reached your destination safe and sound And then theres me, a non car enthusiast who barely knows the difference between whats a stick and whats not :kek: :Dopeyhappy: Thats perfectly understandable Driving isnt for everyone Theres no shame in taking public transportation Kyo same I get in this mood sometimes where my Spotify shuffle blasts a bop and I feel the need to roll down my window. Idk why but thats a thing for me Like hey people, this is my music taste. Deal with it lol But most of the time, I keep my windows closed because I dont want people hearing me sing Lmao same I know XD True shit Japan for sure has fantastic infrastructure and their public transportation is so clean and organized. Ive only seen it through documentaries tho. Everyone is kind and courteous and has great manners America sucks in so many ways, not just transportation lol Japan is...resourceful Ironically their population growth is declining And not even covid Their expectations are virtually impossible to the average person Japan has its ups and downs There is no such thing as a perfect country Confidence Kyo  Confidence Get it Girl You got this king Lmao Max Try try again Youre saying it like its a bad thing  Hehe :heresthemf: Lol same Stan the Server Mom Thank you for that fun fact  Bread has not been active lately :/ Mhmm FBI OPEN UP Oh wait not America Welcome to the convo Enjoy your stay lol Dork.. Jkjk Keeping up with Japanese politics The more I get to know yall Just woke up, hbu? XD Like 7:17 AM I have a zoom class at 8 :/ You wanna re-learn intermediate algebra all over again? :LMFAOdead: Because it was the only spot opened with a professor with good ratings and I have to take math again just to transfer into uni  eh its just slightly more tolerable if you have a good professor. i like my professor but i still hate math no its the new color role system they're named after Choices/Pixelberry related stuff just for fun imagine me being part of the Oakley Clan :kek: we all do :cri: Mercy Park Crew from ROD A color-ful discussion F Good luck Tay! ~~Believe me, Im exactly like that with my open-book quiz and exam atm~~ Weve been blessed with the knowledge Mission accomplished  Well then post it in #nsfw-chat just to be safe :lgbt_heart_sparkly: they've always been here ah hmm ask and you shall receive :cryingcat: :OOF: Oh damn I just realized Yeah its a wee bit confusing. Thats why it bothers me whenever people refer to the USA as America when thats just highly incorrect. North America is the entire continent while the United States is just part of North America but US citizens apparently own the title Americans only so it stuck Nah I get your confusion. A lot of foreigners are confused whenever we call ourselves Americans but technically. Russians are also essentially Asian i think? idk Oop scratch that. Actually did a little bit of research. They wanna align more with Europe But got rejected I mean after the USSR collapsed, Russia attempted to embrace Europe, but failed, or perhaps was rejected Ugh the cultural confusion Forgive me, I just woke up *Sleepy* American but whatever Ew cats can be wack Slee Viv Lmfao I have four more days to enjoy it while it lasts :kek: :sadbear: ye id be down for it as well either way works for me ah look at all that participation :uwu: Ch ci 2020 ht la tinh ranh :kek: Im using Google translate because Im that pathetic lmao I know With all my heart LMFAO Viv I love it Well one did colonize the other at one point  Oh god yeah theres that update Its on the app Its an added option Theyre really experimenting with a non English language Max wants so bad to do another VC again lol You implied it when you wanted Viv to livestream it :caticon: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Google Translate is improving but still not perfect with other languages :marafrogemoji: Ooh were tagging ourselves now okay Im the sand Because people are always stepping all over me :kek: Wait, you could pay for those even in the ancient days before modern technology? LMFAO True She has her ways :eyez: You have to ask a staff member for it ^ This is a very serious request btw. You have to tell the truth that youre 18 or older to view NSFW content. Its not to be taken lightly Average Ahhh I love it! :dogeheart: Feels trip Ooh damn Ah I see you set yourself on a tear-bending journey God that episode was just :cri: https://tenor.com/view/avatar-tear-bending-the-last-airbender-crying-sobbing-gif-5591793 woah :SadBoi: https://tenor.com/view/club-media-tonny-boom-flamenca-flamenco-ole-gif-12989909 Youre the Mexican here, you tell us Its because Americans are weird God I took high school Spanish so many years ago and I forgot sombrero literally means hat  No, I got it three days ago A lot of the fonts, color schemes, and styling has changed Accidentally as in, without filling in the remaining information that you needed left? Im guessing thats a yes Ah I see Forgetting to double check American student loan program For college Because the US doesnt believe in free uni but they do believe in forcing students to drown themselves in debt  community college is good, cheap and good paced isnt adulting the best? you'd have to be desperate with no other options i hate it here my parents have the same mentality My finals week is this week as well Ugh Im dreading the algebra exam on Friday Ikr Especially intermediate algebra Thx yay! congrats Kyo!  Lucky duck Baby college boi Theres always help for everything. Thats why we have National hotlines for when it gets really bad Sorry but that mentality just wont do it for me. Asking for help of any kind is not weak and anyone who tells you otherwise is wrong, stubborn, and knows nothing A lot of countries do nowadays. Mental health is being taken more seriously, especially during current ongoing events worldwide Seriously and this goes out to everyone on this server: dont ever be afraid to ask for help. It is perfectly, absolutely, positively, undoubtedly OKAY to turn to someone for guidance. Dont try to do everything all on your own. Youre only human after all. Nobodys perfect. They have experiences they can share and maybe you can learn from them Relate to them Etc new books by the looks of it and yeah, just 0 effort did PB really forget that all the MTFL LI names are customizable? why are they Mason, Noah, and Ava by default? thats just poor memory on their part Eugh Love how the convo just went from I want a divorce,  give me your eyes. to Wait, I got Lexas ethnicity wrong? Lmfao Tfw youre bad at cheating and the divorce was more confusing than sad :mmYea: I already had a small feeling lmfao :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: Hmm You know what Yes You dont show up on my server family tree so it wont be inappropriate lol As in the words of so many Choices MCs, yes yes a thousand times yes! owo But you two are perfect together :uwu: Oops https://tenor.com/view/jon-stewart-eat-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5102037 check #robo-lab-bots its a mess in there right now lmao ikr i feel somewhat traumatized yet somehow rejuvenated Oof Kyo be like :hoopla: Ah I remember those struggles all too well Yeah pls dont do that :jebus: Couldnt be me i am concerned about everyone in this chat ruining the chain for uberbot smh :mmNo: i love you @UB3R-B0T  well fuck you too @UB3R-B0T :eyez: Gotta start moving over to #robo-lab-bots Just scroll up and read. You dont have to ask what happened every single time Fun Shits Giggles Have you no original bone in your body? :eyez: Its an expression It means you cant come up with your own original thoughts or actions so you copy others Thats what I thought :mmYea: Youre allowed to invite anyone so long as they behave You can literally do it from the server The invite button If youre on mobile I think it works the same way if youre on a PC as well :OOF: Mal :Bbay: Lol yup White Edward tho :lgbt_hearts: Kyo said victors as in past winners for the server icon Yes I like him Dont yall have a water heater system or something? Winter do be like that tho Well it depends what youre doing exactly Dishes, showering, washing hands, bath, whatever And if the hot water switch even works Drinking warm water lowkey sounds weird anyway Unless theres some special circumstance idk about Cold water good tho For drinking Kirkland is my preferable brand :OOF: poor Imtura tho check #announcements Oop ~~This is not a test~~ Owie ): Mara Why He didnt say me specifically :eyez: Eh true But we all I know Im too spineless to do anything about it Unless *stabs Mara* :Bbay: Blessed be the New Founding Fathers for letting us Purge and cleanse our souls  Mhm You all are smexy Own it But Furi is indeed smexier Im not European tho :LMFAOdead: Hmm :WTFthonk: Big oof Nah Australia holds that title But which part?  Mmm true Benji Pls tell me youre joking Australia is a country AND a continent, you un-geographic swine They dont call him Freaky Furi for nothing ~~I do~~ Hmm Yeah Furi is the one *doing* the fucking anyway The Purge Therefore all crime is legal And yes God has returned to witness  Wouldnt have it any other way Mayhaps :eyez: Yall have been blessed by the Gaysian and his heavenly wisdom :0 Get your game on But what about war crimes? https://tenor.com/view/gorilla-spinning-funny-war-crimes-gif-18253130 Hey now Furi, how the hell did you find a picture of me in the morning The beholder huh?  NOOOOOOOOO NOT THE CURSED MOVIE :jebus: Oh yeah true :hoopla: Rawr Apocalypse Now They are in different timezones after all and they have their own schedules and hobbies outside of Discord Ooo Doggo jammies! :aww: God that was exactly my dad when we had Rusty Dog: *breathes*
Their owner: u-fucking-wu awie Youd be surprised at how many are extremely hesitant and insecure \_()_/ #nsfw-chat for that explanation Youre underage? Oof then nvm then Lol Yes lmao :bigmood: I hated my teen years College is def better I was hella introverted and my teachers would describe my behavior as beyond amazing in my report cards because I was the quietest kid in class. It got to the point where one of them WISHED I talked and Im still like nah no thanks I wanted to talk about your sons behavior.
Why? What did he do?
Hes too quiet!
Is...that supposed to be a bad thing?
XD Tf Make it make sense well for one thing, my parents usually agree with any sort of criticism some "educator" has on me they dont hesitate to try and agree on my flaws and what can be fixed or improved upon when it comes to my grades/education but they never cared about my social life so  they dont have to worry about me "hooking up" or anything like that lol i was such an unproblematic child, i cant imagine them trying to tear me a new one about my tendency to root around people anyway like MC is sorry shouldve worded that better im saying i cant imagine an alternate me doing what MC is doing and then seeing how my parents would feel about it my parents shamed me for my homosexuality when i first came out so there's that :IDKher: but they wouldnt tell outside strangers about it, they think its something i should be hiding and its ok we havent spoke about it since and tbh, i prefer it that way. i dont need them constantly breathing down my neck when it comes to my orientation and something to criticize right now, its "focus on school" not "having a love life" and i can barely do either :LMFAOdead: and of course, they're perfectly okay with my younger brother having a girlfriend because "heterosexuality #1" i guess thx guys maybe someday i do want to talk about it with them just vent its quite alright will never forget the time my dad said straight to my face "i pray to God that one day you'll change" but i moved past that somehow he can go ahead and think whatever he wants, im not changing nor going back into the closet anytime soon my parents care way too much about our image and reputation for a middle class Asian American family so like i dont give a rat's ass how their extended relatives feel about me. they'll find out on their own time but really, its technically none of their business to begin with, especially if they're gonna have a problem with it agreed and im sorry you had to deal with that we all have baggage take your time, you're not obligated to do anything you dont want to do. its all up to you meant to reply to this but the message is the same remember y'all, its ok to be you :lgbt_flag: no i can definitely see your point. the world would probably be easier to live in once the ||conservative old people die out|| we're just hoping they havent forced their backward ideals onto their children or their children reject those ideals and educate themselves rather than hold on to every single word their parents shoved down their throats they do, i see them often. but they rather see more straight stories than anything else and the ones that are somewhat open minded, esepcially the cishet men, tend to just fetishsize lesbians gender of choice they've been doing that with a lot of LIs lately tbh i much prefer it that way mhm exactly, agreed the GOC LIs tend to have the personality of a piece of wet cardboard yes i stand by my statement shit thats deep like something you'd see out of a spiritual coming-of-age type of thing where your ancestors communicate with you with a blast from the past XD op.o o.op :LMFAOdead: :bigmood: deadass everytime i attempt to talk to my irl friends about Choices, their first guess is, "Isn't that Episode?" :LMFAOdead: its just the way i describe it  Episode is just...not good lol yeah, apparently when you introduce the world of visual novel apps to your friends/classmates, they just assume they're all the same Episode-tier type of games lmao yes im excited for FA ngl it looks refreshing and hoping it doesnt disappoint meh i prefer the release schedule stick to the Monday/Wednesday/Friday system its easier to keep track of that way no i think mainstream society understands enough what visual novel games actually are they at least know what Wattpad is ~~its discrimination i tell you~~ :LMFAOdead: not all VNs are Episode XD its too "radical leftist" for some people MC and her sister are considered "pushy and annoying" there are a surprising number of Facebook conservatives who play Choices who just hate anything to do with climate change and LGBTQ+ awareness #choices-chat https://tenor.com/view/amy-poehler-high-five-seth-meyers-snl-great-minds-think-alike-gif-8276636 wep wep wep paz paz lmao i was XD i just wanted world peace for Christmas ;_; Armona Oh I dont listen to k-pop but Ill give it a whirl  K-pop singer that Drew barely knows: *has the bod of a god*
Drew: Ooh me likey God almighty They do suck indeed *coughs* Oakley Clan *coughs* Birchport, nice  :eyez: Scarlett is indeed the bitch of Birchport lmao :mmYea: Yeah true I always spare Pierce Kate deserve a good life after everything shes been through And Pierce owes it to her after the hell he made her go through No No sane principal acts like a mafia boss Theyre usually either simplistic stuck up jerks only caring for the popular kids and jocks or actually genuinely cares about the student body and the school in general and tries to be everyones friend My high school went through both a good and a bad principal Started off with a good one and then graduated with a bad one But in all in all, both were never that condescending or power crazy Yeah it all depends on the school and the neighborhood its located in and how organized the school board/district is @dylan hbd! HSS But its more kid friendly-ish, so far from freshman fantasies Yall can start calling me DaHomoDrew now :pleb: of course you been knew lol You could be bi but find yourself attracted to guys more. You might even say, you have a preference *within* a preference OH WAIT NO I GOT YOUR THINGY WRONG IM SO SORRY You have the He/Him role but youre more hetero than homo. So youre more attracted to girls than guys according to your results I apologize, Im still waking up No, you have every right to be upset with me. I wasnt paying enough attention This is what I get for hopping on Discord while my eyes are still adjusting Better that I acknowledge my own mistakes than to have someone else berate me for them later Lel Ooh noice :Bbay: I also hate that I memorized what your bf looks like and can definitely tell the resemblance is uncanny  :WTFthonk: I- https://tenor.com/view/kekw-kek-bttv-twitch-emote-gif-15123134 God bless his poor soul He just radiates with himbo energy cool :pleb: I have no clue The Japanese terms were confusing enough to begin with Someone really got duped into thinking this server was for anything BUT Choices Genius Inc Games :LMFAOdead: Gobit Entertainment sounds like a scam/troll account It is quite disturbing... The person came in here with the impression that this is a 100% heteronormative game Weve been bamboozled And so was that poor bystander :OOF: Shes a toxic slimy person who shouldnt get away with shitty behavior just because shes an attractive woman periodt No Chloe does Pls forgive us Father Furi :hawyee: owo Same but my moms hoarding antics are the ones that cause most of the yelling and fighting in my household The last she thing she wants is brand new expensive things. Shes the kind of person who picks junk off the streets just because theyre free and then shoves it somewhere in our home never to be used again They just take up so much space Youll get through this Furi xd Welcome @Nocturo Fav book and LI? Do you play Choices at all? Have you read anything yet? Ah I see The quality content has overall declined but you can be the judge for yourself in terms of the older books I strongly recommend the OG books TC&TF and MW Oh and lets not forget VOS and TH:M Lmao were just overwhelming this poor newbie with a bunch of suggestions :LMFAOdead: Ok but fr yall #choices-chat before the staff has to intervene again  dont wanna do this to poor Furi only BOLAS :caticon: You get used to masks  Its the new norm after all So long as youre not one of them anti-maskers, youre okay in my book LU NOOOOO Drake really decided to switch ethnicities Josh and Miranda need to be protected from tomfoolery tho Anyway weve been blessed once again with Vivs wisdom Oh yeah I remember reading about that Awie Jeanette has gone through stuff as well And Im pretty sure everyone knows this by now but I wanna emphasize it anyway. Nathan Kress is a father  WERE OLD Right? Sam & Cat had only one season Ravens Home is doing surprisingly well Victorious will always be god tier It deserved a proper conclusion YES I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE The two shared chemistry in the fricken pilot episode and I was rooting for them All those subtle times of Jade flirting with Tori were the best lmao Oh true Dan Schneider tends to incorporate a lot of creepy side characters Also correct Probably for that special holiday vibe. Since its the time between Christmas and New Year, it prolly would feel a lot more festive that way, like thats our gift from PB https://tenor.com/view/being-examined-rings-hospital-staring-glancing-gif-18751242 I found leaked footage of you Viv :LMFAOdead: Lu is out here trying to one-up me with gifs smh xd F Did you not have high expectations with WB? Ah ok I see now I forgot thats how you felt when we were discussing it yesterday indeed https://tenor.com/view/christmas-cheer-christmas-is-coming-excited-santa-dog-gif-12981674 hoo-rah furry party not that i can recall might have to ask around do it :pleb:  You mean this one? Np  Well a lot of alcoholic drinks do have fancy ass names lol I see Eh I actually dont do Christmas shopping Too much of a hassle and my family is on a tight budget, what with the pandemic and everything We dont believe in gift exchanges lol My family focuses more on the religious part of Christmas Ooh noice Merry Chrysler  Merry Christmas you filthy animal https://tenor.com/view/home-alone-macaulay-culkin-kevin-happy-new-year-greetings-gif-3617846 they're called synonyms for a reason  Merry Christmas! My state of California USA is still under strict lockdown orders because of our own covid surges but our police are too useless and defiant to fully enforce it Meanwhile more people dying, hurrah..... Idiots are still traveling for the holidays... Im an introvert and Im neither a goth nor a weeb Almost 2021  But yeah some things just need to die but still havent, like stereotypes and homophobia Merry Flumas https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/552192084455718913/791369906952208404/ConcernedFroge.png   Agreed. Its been way too long since we had a brand new book with a GOC MC Gender of choice yas i always thought they were just fun names to add a little spice to the color roles just pick one if u want lol #color-role-channel read the directions first honestly im just so used to your European Squad color by now same with Furi you both match uwu embrace the shadow side note: i am LOVING the server icon  the gay bois :lgbt_heart_sparkly: Lurker Squad people are the ones who want to stay on this server but just wanna watch, read, and witness And dont ping an entire group of people Youre not allowed to do that anyway  Idk, kicks, fun, etc. but its also disturbing and annoying for some people I dont blame you. Overall content went downhill except a few exceptions Nice HSS is a fun read ^ OG HSS is the best The pfp just makes it obvious who you stan Uh the first statement, you mean like first person shooter video games right? Oh you were referring to your irl career Maybe dont word it like that since it can be triggering for some people here Just spoiler tag that sentence or something https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/549230468084531202/793193015082483732/ConcernedFroge.png 2020 was a huge disappointment in terms of Choices content but it gets a pass due to the pandemic Everyone had to adjust to working from home after all Its nice to have a sense of community to share a common game app with It just do be like that How? See, I find the gender stereotypes of the video game world preposterous and outdated. Its perfectly fine for both guys and girls to play a game like Choices. Anyone who tells you otherwise is just insecure and backwards. Have no shame. If you like visual novel games, you like visual novel games. Simple as that Im just sorry you live in an area where thats apparently frowned upon Its just so dumb People need to grow up Theyre raised on the mentality of men should act and do anything tough and manly only women are allowed to show emotion and play those so-called girly games Smh Some people just should not be parents Thats just toxic Due to obvious reasons... Sorry Anyway Im just saying playing a game like Choices doesnt make you less of a man nor more of a woman. Whatever you like, you like. Dont let society get you down My parents dont question my hobbies so Im good Same. Its a nostalgic field trip back to PBs first game app HSS Prime You love the key limits? o_O Oh you mean in the context that it wont cause you to be addicted lmao That makes sense Had I been VIP and have unlimited keys, I too would be playing Choices nonstop until my battery dies  See ya its a joke he's an iconic character from a movie franchise he is simply here on a mission: to love and protect doggos the proof is in the pudding obviously some heartless soul-crushing demon god now im finding all the John Wick doggo memes  Yes Of course. iirc PM has a single option Mhm Exactly what it sounds like Yeah dont worry, its not some acronym lmao I promise you it doesnt stand for anything in this context  Bitch I aint a she Youre good Xd Yup in my timezone, its almost 1 AM Never (: See, there will be days where I feel like being a night owl and some where Im not :caticon: This just happens to be one of those nights Hoot  Yup Wdym calculations? Its my role LMFAO Americas squad Literally you can figure me out just by reading my roles lel No West coast Side note: I hate math with a passion NERD ALERT Jkjk Ive always been a C/D student in any math class whoops Social studies/history is my strongest subject It comes easy for me then any others World history is my best but I also love human geography. One of the few things I actually miss about high school, if you can believe it Next to my tight knit group of friends of course Bro same In general, it sucked ass I hated it there Oh god Hoe, I never said I was a perfect genius :LMFAOdead: I am so sorry Me too tho Shut up :YellingWoman: :eyez: The ones at my school cared way too much for school spirit and sports and that gross stuff XD I never cared for school spirit tbh. So pointless and would often force me to talk with people and engage in social gatherings and ugh The introvert in me says NO to all of that Thats what I have my tight knit group of friends for Eww rich kids Just a few and Im good with that. We shared a lot in common and they helped me through the hellscape that is high school I went to a somewhat conservative middle class neighborhood high school so like you can imagine the few kids sneaking in weed, Pride Club being hit with homophobic gestures, all that jazz Not me oops Exactly Not all of us have the same experience It was mostly the overwhelming classes and some shite teachers for me Just thank god, the peers I was surrounded by accepted me when I first came out of the closet. The one thing I was happy about Honestly if the subject should come up, Ill mention it without hesitation Im not ashamed and if people have a problem with it, then tough toenails  Hey no shame in being a straight ally. We could use more of those in todays society Oh I definitely claim that title as well, especially back in middle school. It got to the point where even one of my teachers *wished* I talked more in class xd Well oof Well for me, I went through school minding my own business, keeping quiet, focusing on schoolwork, not speaking unless spoken to and just watching all the drama unfold from the sidelines I can semi relate to that. Growing closer to certain people made me talk nonstop. Basically I became annoying with specific people and quiet with others I was a bit of a try-hard with some of my crushes tho oml I was a gay disaster Pretending to share things in common, laughing at their jokes, just trying to read the signs  Eh Im in college now and with the pandemic and everything, the only way I can meet new people for the time being is through an app :LMFAOdead: Im going for an animal science degree and possibly pre-vet in the near future Studying to become a veterinarian What can I say. I love animals :Bbay: Animals are always better than humans, period Especially dogs Im a simp for dogs I second that lol That way, youre able to find the injuries you never knew you had Yes I mean its suggested that you get roles so we get to know more about you but eh, thats up to the staff team to decide Oh wait you were referring to what Arthurian said lmao Im not talking about me personally but for the entire server in general I think its better off you dont assume our ethnicity or country of origin. You kinda come off as a bit rude. Just ask where were you from again? And youre good Im saying others might @Deleted User You do realize OG HSS MC didnt die right? MC just got injured, and therefore, you barely see them the rest of Book 1 https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/549230468084531202/793193015082483732/ConcernedFroge.png Yall are weird :ConfusedCat: Again Yall are weird :IDKher: lmao Whats happening...whats going on...who won the election  Lmao hi, hey And why do I need rescuing?  I hate that youre right  By pulling them out of their miserable existence and the depression they pretend to have, not to mention their own insecurities, stupidity, and self doubt  But hey, good for you Kyo! I wouldnt say deep, more like incessant whining but eh https://tenor.com/view/omg-yes-excited-yay-gif-9555834 Not fuck. Theyve used literally every other mainstream swear word except fuck I remember ass, shit, damn, and hell, but not fuck Yup Oh right I forgot about bitch Dunno why PB could do any other swear word except fuck Youll only ever see dialogue like Oh fu- but thats it Bastard is a good one Lmao same A Viv-made Choices book. I could not believe my eyes :aww: You fought well brave soldier https://tenor.com/view/respect-davis-boreanaz-salute-uniform-gif-11216021 Oh damn totally forgot Wait wtf They are? Viv dont scare me like that LMFAO Tumblr is a social media site. Its not short for anything Yeah pls dont do that The one in Croatia https://thehill.com/policy/international/europe/531993-croatia-earthquake-kills-at-least-six-injures-dozens I mean obviously Cleanup will take a while https://tenor.com/view/mr-bean-waiting-still-waiting-gif-13052487 Me a Californian waiting for the Big One https://tenor.com/view/chuckles-im-in-danger-ralph-wiggum-the-simpsons-gif-14149962 You dont have to have the app on your device just to stay in this server Its really not that serious ^ HSS played that huge of a role in your life huh? I wish my hs experience was tolerable so I cant relate I...just hated everyone and everything about my school Oop I hate that thats true Especially for most American high schools Lmao Anyway homophobes often got off scotch-free, even when tearing down our Pride Club posters in order to make a statement and it was just stupid Just the tip of the iceberg why I hated my high school ... ||noice|| Smh Kyo :caticon: Kool kid Kyo Btw whatever yall do, dont rewrite the acronym for Kool Kid Kyo :PinguDab: Lu Its 9:32 Pm 9:32 PM curfew is for old people  That was....extreme.... ^ Mom, you cant tell me what to do. IM REBELLIOUS! FIGHT THE POWER! REEE Maybe I should send YOU to bed @Arzaylea :mmYea: Lmao fine Mom said one more episode Nah I should actually get back to binging PM but i keep getting sidetracked lmao Oof I do not Have Hulu ITS NOT THAT  Man we need to VC again, that was fun tho REEE ILY ALL Yaaaas whatever we do in VC will be fun  Hell yeah REEEEEE basically minigames you can play watch Kyo's stream enter in the code first tho go to jackbox.tv just chillin over in VC its a set of minigames DPWY #voice-chat-lurkers Whats up? I may or may not be able to help You have to ask the staff there well the 2013 Toyota Camry Hybrid my dad and i share has never let us down so far so i'd personally suggest that. im not a huge car enthusiast but as far as im concerned, im a Toyota type of person ooo Its getting there lol Tho whether or not its gonna be happy is debatable :pleb: True true F Why you gotta do that? Thats the idea. We been knew. Choices is a means of escapism for us. A lot of visual apps are. In fact, video games in general. Lets not forget books, movies, tv shows, etc. Point is, its fiction. Of course its imaginary. Not rocket science lol How is escapism depressing? I mean idk how your brain works but for me, escapism actually helps me get *away* from depression And sure coming back is hard but all in all, thats life Eh I changed the topic to escapism so Im good Damn half Mexican/half Japanese? Thats a very diverse bloodline Thats actually really cool You did Night Kyo Good luck Have faith or else :eyez: Night What are you gonna do with a pencil? O_o Im afraid to ask Still not understanding the pencil reference but okay Its an uncommon thought but its out there. Racism exists even in the non white countries China treated its black residents/tourists like shit during the Ebola outbreak And even parts of the UK are not too happy about Meghan Markle Because shes biracial And people are apparently still throwing temper tantrums about the fact that a non white is married into an all white royal family Like really? Its the 21st century. Grow the fuck up Diversity is always good. Some people just need to get their heads out of their asses to see it Well that just happened.... Anyway morning I guess Happy New Years Eve! Hope everyone is still saying safe and healthy! Cant stress that enough haha Side note: you dont have to be a minority in order to sympathize with them, just like how you dont have be trans just to be upset with Rowlings statements. So if you kindly stop assuming our identities like that, I think that would be appreciated Jumping to conclusions, playing a million guessing games, it kinda gets old ITS NYE  Haha well see :pleb: Actually I would be 100% down for that New Years VC Instead of watching an empty Times Square on tv lmao Ya yeet! for some parts of the world, yes remember time zones exist XD did someone say purge day?  https://tenor.com/view/the-purge-wave-m-ask-god-gif-5636183 get some mental stability Lmao Furi, the DVD player has had enough  Yall, these muscle gifs :LMFAOdead: As a male homosexual, Im not  DVD actually stands for Doing Very Dirty Slick Rae, verae slick Kyo, why you always gotta diss your mother like that? :Bbay: NOOOO Dont go after me Leave me alone I beg of you  We been knew My bully in high school if I had one  Or maybe an extroverted friend who adopted me and treats me as a doormat https://tenor.com/view/hi-cute-cat-hello-there-gif-13930462 @ everyone here  @UB3R-B0T do you love me? Im being bullied Jordo Wheres the bully box? I gotta file a complaint AHJSLFFKSKSJSHSHSGDHDJS :LMFAOdead: Thats not the bully box. Thats my house Get the address right Smh Pfffft no Im the leftover takeout box at the very bottom With the food still inside Basically yeah Wrong You sure about that? You mistaken my house for a complaint box Im just that basic https://tenor.com/view/awkward-the-simpsons-weirdo-roll-gif-5331952 Anyway back into the ravine I crawled out of No I refuse That is a true fact Were three hours apart Arent they? Ass? You mean the thing of mine that doesnt exist? Why wont Miss Rona just piss off  Nobody likes that bitch Its a coronavirus nickname/meme XD True chiz Its ok, no one gets me anyway  Lel XD Im just that op I roast myself before anyone else does Good god lmao The only powers within me are fat and self-loathing :pleb: Gay powers ftw :lgbt_heart_sparkly: :Bbay:  No Im the clown   Mara is no longer special *insert anime kid scream*  How was it? Inch resting right? We all Google something we dont understand Like my existence Teehee Persona Mara? 13 upvotes and 13 comments....coincidence? I think NOT Thats basically what it is :mmYea: HA! :PinguDab: The name Mara gets such a bad rep in multimedia lmao Penis monster wagon https://tenor.com/view/persona4-yu-narukami-mara-persona-anime-gif-16545886 WHO EVEN DREW THIS IN THE FIRST PLACE Like who decided to draw a monster for Persona and thought hmm the head should be shaped like penis tip :LMFAOdead: But make it last long uwu I wanna savor every moment Aww ): Thats no fun :hawyee: Nothing much, just about to do the dishes while blasting music on the tv Ooo Lmao Admin of the year How many times do we have to tell you :redfield: YES VIVS PHLAT ASS SCFJDBB NB SHAKENSNSMENDHFSII Sleep  Madness Assssssssssssss Buns hun  ITS SPELLED THANOS XD Ass-tronomical BREAD IS BACK REEEEEE Braed  Because British accent PEPPAH ESSHOLE :ConfusedCat: Biskits BLACK LIVES MATTUH Id be down for a VC Its the innit for me :LMFAOdead: Doge has been exposed :bigmood: Because your phat ass is conversation worthy Im down if you are :eyez: Its most likely me uwu The UK doesnt have a ball drop Smh Thats NYC ... OMFG BENJI :LMFAOdead: Stop  Happy new year from pacific standard time!  Oof Adulting is stupid Gross https://tenor.com/view/disgusting-disgusteng-disgust-gif-5456694 Woot woot  Wack :hawyee: *boomer* :ConfusedCat: Omg its worse than we thought Viv is ooooold Rawr Only every day of my life since I first started high school From there on out, my energy functions the same way as my iPhone battery, going from 100 to 10% after an hour of being awake :pleb: :reverse: Wild For the last two years, ive been saying those damn teenagers :pleb: :bigmood: Combined with a dirty look and middle finger they say dogs can sense spirits and ghosts maybe she was sensing an entity lurking nearby ksjaldjklsahklj Your nephew sounds wise A wise 11 year old Wack :bigmood: True tho xd Ask that question over in #choices-chat Viv was asking Kyo You can but you gotta do that over in #desire-and-decorum spicy :pleb: i'd pay to see that https://tenor.com/view/cats-fight-cat-fight-gif-8482022 :LMFAOdead: you've been bamboozled :eyez: :caticon:  skjadjjlafhs you have OFFENDED Viv if y'all are feeling bad about your irl names, just be thankful your name isn't Karen wut  Viv Nye the Science Bi but can someone acknowledge my clever ass nickname? :hawyee: uwu That is so fucking accurate and Ive both played Roblox and watched Wolf Bride videos on YouTube so I can confirm :LMFAOdead: No, but Ive witnessed other people role playing as wolves and the bios they would put in as their characters are spot on, especially the dont pull on my tail parts  Like just why.... I havent played it in forever but the memories have been seared into my head :hoopla: Lmao that would be best No furries in your Christian household Nice of you to join the conversation when its just getting good lmao Valid  Also valid So when is your new show Lus Clues airing? :mmYea: jslfkfjskssk This and Lus Clues, Im on fire lately with the nicknames :pleb: BRING A BUCKET AND A MOP :Bbay: *laughs in Asian American* We love to see it king. Btw you dropped this ->  Its your greatest *ass*et, hands down :pleb: gg Good game God, keep up old timer  Dunno, I feel like if you were to walk in on something like *that*, Id applaud because Im weird lmao :PinguDab: eww imagine smoking, couldnt be me and on a moving public vehicle, of all places where im sure they've implemented a no smoking zone obvi i hate that smell Bad Lu :YellingWoman: lol right? for medical purposes, i completely understand. but i just want people to be responsible with it if its for recreational purposes what a queen opinion since never, people dont often abide by the rules, let alone use common sense and courtesy around others oh god i've dealt with too many of those people back in high school, carrying around their speakers, blasting their music, their newfangled rap and hip hop XD could you pls move this into #current-events-talk ? ye you can get the current events talk role in #roles I like how within the ping, with the yellow highlight and everything, the emote looks wack :Bbay: https://youtu.be/ZbQCXPlJDik Bruh LMFAO I like both  Eyyy vanilla gang :pleb: Vanilla top tier And yes I know Lu already said that but it bears repeating :mmYea: get em Kyo https://tenor.com/view/cutebiker-gravityfalls-gethim-get-em-gif-5937137 its the Simlish comparison for me LMFAO this is the equivalent to hearing a Texan cartoon talking like a whole ass hillbilly https://youtu.be/T1fDVUHZ44E eugh i see how it is Kyo not pinging me :eyez: i saw that Ernest lemme guess, Book 2? eh i dont blame you story does kinda go downhill same with PM-ish i highly suggest It Lives and ES endless summer good books with good sequels yup great CG art and everything especially ES artwork is *chef's kiss*  Wow surprisingly Ayna is not all that popular But Im Team Tatum :Bbay: lmao Hbd!! :lgbt_heart_sparkly: @BigHutchHO ||Happy Uterus Evacuation Day|| :LMFAOdead: Anything dog related is worth the money :OOF: same  100 days worth of chapters, minus the multiple hiatuses, haha never again PB dungoofed she's the admin dajkljlsafhlsdgfa https://tenor.com/view/wait-thats-illegal-halo-meme-gif-14048618 omg Viv vs Kyo everyone, place your bets now "YOU'RE CHEATING ON ME???!!!" *surprised Pikachu face* yes Mason and Noah obvi same hat Viv FA RPG type of stuff nice but also oof Virgo living in OH, im cool with that Kyo, do you not like VOS? you dont wanna chase down a vengeful murderer?  thats amazing i ship kataang fight me bitch no Kataang 4 Life i mean technically Zuko is a hero as well and he got Mai so  i know, ive skimmed the comics but in my imagination, they get back together yeah no Sokka and Suki forever Kataang 4 Life Yue was so fucking indecisive, she peeved me off a little IM SOWWY BUT IM MARRIED like bish, get it together thats rough buddy joke's on you, i dislike TNA and everything it stands for MC is such a hypocrite, its laughable like homie, YOU TRYNNA DO THE EXACT SAME THING :IDKher: TNA MC: I do not see it Sofia deserved better character development imo Sofia literally existed just to be hated on and i find it stupid the annoying female rivalry was bad enough yikes so basically the entire gaming community and anyone below the age of 14 my younger brother calls his friends "gay" so much while playing video games, its just dumb thats even worse because there's no need they can just be allies but its not necessary people become part of the LGBTQ+ community because at some point, they've felt oppressed in their lives. straight people have never been oppressed for being cishet eh i mean, theres no such thing as heterophobia but the endless bashing is pointless i agree no stop :WTFthonk: im confuzzled i mean if the cishets can stop acting like they're oppressed with their Straight Pride and everything, we wouldnt be in an awkward situation im happy to have them as allies, dont get me wrong but the minute they vibe with Straight Pride, imma head out power couple  a ridiculous notion that straight people be proud of being straight like there's really no reason to be you're mainstream clearly you havent seen what goes on in the Deep South to this day he doesnt have access to the channel and he can feel free to do so is this an arranged Asian marriage? a wild concept Viv is gonna put together the very first one :shifty: i smell a story  imagine being able to multitask like that, couldnt be me literally where i live, there's hella more straight people. it really just depends on your geographic location. i live in a conservative town so you'll find your straight people here im neither straight, nor white, nor a wahmen prolly a rectangular prism a people-mid hehe Kyo is being naughty with words  same tho literally anyone, gimme your freezing rain right? thats paradise for me fr id live up in the mountains if i could Viv no i wish Rocky Mountains look beautiful oh god id be a disaster who dat good luck honestly that book was forgettable to me oop different strokes for different folks  D&D just wasnt mine sdjkahlfdafdglksf 21st century ftw basically everything back then was just dangerous, period 1/10 would not wanna live in the Victorian era hey its fine if you like D&D and understand the references right off the bat. some of us just dont PTR had potential but eh ooh a striptease that bitch L.A. is okay-ish just full of fake people L.A. natives are actually genuine people. its all the influencers moving here making it all fake i should know, i live on the outskirts only visiting downtown from time to time i mean i have no choice, my family still lives here oops that is a true fact BABY KYODA https://tenor.com/view/mandalorian-baby-yoda-hello-gif-19013340 Kyo asking Rae for dinner GIMME YO PAYCHECK owo what a dedicated mother same hat couldnt be me i have a tv but no cable just the basic local news channels dunno, dont watch it ngl that show just had a bad concept behind it sexualizing children = NOPE agreed cursed WEH but thats about it sdklahdfjlafhd Virgo gang i got me a dragon, but zero qualities of one :LMFAOdead: yes i told you lmao i am baby oop yes ma'am i am August 24 Austin but personally, i liked all of them. mah childhood ;_; same f Viv was making a joke asdhldhhafhla but me too tho asshole to the max :pleb: you're the one wit the gun Viv :aww: indeed i do ~~why am i always attracted to assholes~~ they actually dont everyone dreams of dating someone respectful Himbo energy YouTube video timestamp XD Gn Kyo *frog heart* Recent as in world events/social issues? Because #current-events-talk Go to #roles to get access Oof Thats what #recent-chapter-spoilers is for Lu :YellingWoman: :PinguDab:  sjkl;adjk;shfa :OOF: bad girl Viv i never got arrested bc i was too wimpy and raised too well to do anything out of the ordinary XD i was a sheltered boi a frat?  owo Urban Dictionary nailed your name earlier today lmfao viv oml Spanish during ||sex|| hnggggggggggnhhhh sdglhdhl;ggopfh ||mind you, im still a virgin but i fantasize okay, so sue me|| STAWP :LMFAOdead: LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOT ESTEBAN NOT MY CHILDHOOD then why did you eat it y'all would risk sharting for the sweets smh haha good thing im not lactose intolerant :mmYea: im the ultimate Asian, fear my power yes oh same math is stupid im not lactose intolerant, i dont need glasses, and im shit at math. im a hella mixed Asian yo same letters and numbers should never go together Find the probability that when a couple has  four children, at least one of them is a girl. (Assume that boys and girls are equally likely.) nerd lol i will, i have laundry to do in the meantime anyway honestly same i copied and pasted it from my homework assignment and even it took me three tries to get the answer correctly nope hint: the answer is a fraction @azula Find the probability that when a couple has  four children, at least one of them is a girl. (Assume that boys and girls are equally likely.) nope nope nope no wait @Brookley Spark got it correct no 15/16 ah frick, i just realized i turned into @Strife giving y'all math questions  wack lmao gimme a break, just wanted an *actual* break from Discord today ? Oh yeah Viv revamped the color roles so I just stuck with Oakley Clan, despite it being a different shade of blue lol Dunno Im not a huge fan of it either. Maybe Ill change if Im in the mood Sir, this is a Wendys 
 lockdowns might be "pointless" to some but its necessary to slow the spread honestly we prolly could have less cases had everyone just got paid to stay home and not with those pathetic stimmys THICC you're just jealous of the thicc dino Kyo asdkdj;jaldfhdsh lmao server-wide manhunt for Benji now dont care i first met you as Benji and i shall always call you Benji :3 ily Ben uwu its ok, like Lu, i'll be living in your head rent free :pleb: she's always raeporting for duty kinky I SAW THAT BEN sdjajlfjhdsghkla someone who can never be king but first you gotta fix your tude :mmYea: Promise?  Kyo is growing up holy moly and seeing into the nsfw channel reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee NO!! its been pretty quiet most of the time anyway it wont load smh dont yell at me if its unable to load, i'll just delete it XD ree fine whatevs thats just how queen Lu is she is the Shadow Court after all British Meg? :LMFAOdead: https://tenor.com/view/familyguy-shutup-meg-shutupmeg-gif-7281798 i didnt realize i was still being built god the stereotypes in this pic :GAY: :GAY: nice one :OOF: i hate it when that happens i didnt even know it existed Kyo, even as a Californian before the pandemic, i dont get out a lot pls dont murder me in my sleep uwu uh hmm lmao i might be able to play if i can try to remember my old account XD i'll see what i can do rip timezones man i literally just got out of the shower myself but damn nice MC designs lol i will Holy Bread I love that :jebus: oh hell naw I only took the SAT. My dumb ass got a 950 :pleb: Oop everyone else was talking about the actual exam so Math was hell for me, English was a breeze tho Still hate the SAT with every fiber of my being The American education system in general is fucked. It helps the rich people get to the top without the hard work while the other social classes actually have to both work hard AND be able to pay for it. Eat the rich They turn to financial aid and/or scholarships if theyre eligible for them Scholarships obviously dont need to be paid back so theyre more reliable. Financial aid tho for the more desperate, require you to pay them back, which is why crippling student debt is still a thing and ONLY an American thing There have been programs created to forgive student debt altogether, no strings attached but corporate America hates it when common folk get the easy way out like they do im too poor and cheap for Nitro, sue me :elmofire:  Damn we gonna play mc today?  :pleb: Oh no, we must summon Doctor Lu once more @Arzaylea yo hoe, we have a medical emergency  Did you drink from the tap? Me neither It only ever tastes metallic for me if I drink from the tap because pipes Got to drive a Tesla for the first time today. Twas a cool experience  Eh anything futuristic-looking is pretty enough to me. The irony. Im terrible at tech but I love the way it looks sometime XD Deaf people dont let their disability stop them from enjoying life. They still go to concerts and stuff Driving for me gives me an element of freedom. It also serves as an escape. Where I can just tune the world out while jamming out to tunes, just as long as Im careful of those around me :PinguDab: No, diesel and fuel are the same @kyo ayo Kyo, happy birthday!  Oh no, he can look at and spread chaos now :dopeywhat: Christ, Viv :LMFAOdead:  Ree :LMFAOdead: Because Lmao @MaralinaSakura I still feel honored you mentioned me in your prompt :Bbay: I like how Anhiro and Boss are so inactive, barely anyone knows who they are so not a lot of people chose to fight them He drops in every once in a while Viv being the server owner, people are in the mood to go crazy so thats why shes the most popular option :pleb: :LMFAOdead: Viv for President Viv vs. Viv vov She cant be worse than the current world leaders we have at the moment :PinguDab: Aww Furi  I also just realized Mara already has nitro so nothing happens? She just gets a special shout out? XD Gotta take what you get Ooh I see Its the participation ribbon screenshot for me. I cant help but beam with pride :pleb: https://tenor.com/view/fail-gugudan-kpop-you-tried-gif-9271678 I guess you can call me the home-wrecker in Maras and Furis love life :elmofire: The timing Noice Birthday boba Obvi read FA to find out more! highly recommend it :OOF: i dont blame you tho PB really came through with the brand new faces for the LIs instead of the generic reused slightly altered ones from past books honestly its just FA atm thats gaining momentum University of California, Los Angeles Hello Dog That....doesnt sound good Thats ok. I had no experience myself with dogs before I adopted my first dog Rusty It takes a bit of practice and education but over time, youll get used to your new routines and responsibilities for your furry loved one They both provide companionship I just prefer one of a dog They definitely get you up and exercising along with them Cool Ping a staff member Whether an admin or moderator If I was, one of my roles would say Staff ^ Yeah its pretty self-explanatory. Thought it was obvious Huh, I dont notice any difference on my end Still looks the same Wack Im so sorry for your loss ayo welcome back Kyo lmao ooh damn gotta wait til she wakes up hehe Wrong channel lol #baby-bump Welcome! Yeah, considering the fact that her biggest platform targets children, this is a pretty big step. A lot of backlash from homophobic parents but nobody cares about them. All that matters is that children are taught to love and not hate We stan :heresthemf: Lu ily. We need more relatives like you in the world Choose love not hate :pleb: Damn good luck Lu Ye, my math class during fall semester provided me a free textbook pdf so I was chillin Were all in a crappy situation. We deserve that much Get that dough Zee i charge you with graend theft thank you, i'm always here 24/7, depending on the mood im in :pleb: perhaps 3 albums of what I mean I can name my top three Spotify albums  Ocean Eyes, My Head is an Animal, and Viva la Vida or Death and all his Friends There I win Nobody can say otherwise Im victorious Suck it :pleb: :ConfusedCat: F Sweet relief lol Yeah that was an inch resting challenge Wack No Its always been 2 for me Exception is when they put out that challenge of course :LMFAOdead: Lu i can teach you it really do must be fun to watch us die, but it'd be even more fun to watch you die along with us uwu all part of the gaming experience :pleb: Bet Dammit! It doesnt work if Ive previously deleted a message XD Big sad Im sorry @UB3R-B0T i hope he recovers fully   @azula do you know the cause yet? https://tenor.com/view/fuckyeah-yeah-ya-yes-yup-gif-5820940 Anyone who owns an emulator of some kind that allows them to mod Choices So that they never have to spend diamonds on diamond choices ever again Ye, if youre an android user or have an emulator on a PC, you can be modded Check the pinned messages over in #tech-channel for more info since when did we decide to become Kyomerica? PM deserves it :mmYea: :WTFthonk: i think you could be considered multiracial by that context, hence of more than one race defining race is really wack because genetics can also be factored in perhaps *gasp* hells yes lmao yes apparently i broke a rule whether server-related or like universal-related xd :LMFAOdead: honestly same, but i upset some members on this server so idk dont get me wrong, i really wanna watch it with y'all but i also wanna make sure im not caught doing crimes XD i cant argue with Viv's very official tits  aight if you guys say so thanks for reassuring me :uwu: i have no class Thursday-Sunday so y'all lemme know eeeee happy early birthday  lmao i do it just cause BUTT rest assured, i'll be there to remember the actual day right? its gorgeous Yeah it was just a mess Its just weird But romanticized book covers tend to entice the romance fans Basically Ive been missing M|M romances up until FA Last one I throughly enjoyed was BSC, ngl So unpopular with some, but I liked it anyway  And I.....just wasnt in the mood oops Leave me alone, I was falling asleep anyway :ConfusedCat: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Was it because of our movie marathon?  Haha I really enjoyed watching with you guys  Ayo happy birthday girlie!  ugggggggggghhhhh whaaaaaaaat noooooooooooooow sure :3 ye Ugh I can relate to that occasional incident Your whole body starts to tense up and cringe knowing your socks just bit the big one  No Kyo bad https://tenor.com/view/modern-family-spray-spray-bottle-water-wtf-gif-5334353 JSK;JKADKL;H Viv . .. ... .... Pero why? kyommiting war crimes https://tenor.com/view/gorilla-spinning-funny-war-crimes-gif-18253130 Welcome to college Kyo Your future group partner might already be a parent Heck even married  ikr ^that one's mine :bigmood: ah yes, the virtual icebreakers oh my hola i'll be on in a few minutes @CoolCCMystery even tho you wont ever see this ping, it just felt more special to deliver my mini-eulogy this way. Just thank you for being my Minecraft buddy, Choices buddy, and my one-time assistant for my environmental science class survey. Youll always be my fellow DaHomie. Rest easy my gay ass friend cherish-worthy memories indeed, all his minecraft creations were amazing His first ever words on this server  Thank you Hutch (Benji) for introducing us to this wonderful amazing person yeah i hope he understood that at the end of the day, they are just a bunch of pixels in a simulation we're not that invested. its all in good fun oh indeed all our loved ones are connected, one way or another Say hi to Rusty for me, you gay thotty angel Jordy she def did it was my first time playing mc with y'all as well we're def making a memorial for him outside his trading post oh yeah couldnt be more symbolizing indeed Right? indeed @Deleted User sorry for your loss @Arzaylea omg stay safe :ferretoblush: Im lovin it :this_is_fine: :pusheenheart: owo Its the backwards panda for me Oh damn I didnt know you had your own Oop Dont worry lol who do you think I am xd And if only I had nitro :hawyee: Yeah a long while back I have not played Dont Starve ye Someone definitely said Minecraft F hello how's it hanging same tbh my stats class is wrapping up with a final exam next week so prep my funeral for me its a more wordy version of math but yeah its stressful for me atm, mainly bc its virtual lol quarantine/lockdown really do be like that anti-maskers continue to clown cannot agree more Animal science Kyo shouldnt your ass be in class right now? Do I have to get out the dunce cap again? https://tenor.com/view/tom-and-jerry-dunce-gif-10694047 One or the other, ye Damn Viv is missing college *this* much Shes willing to go back somehow lol Anime and fireworks Woah wild Freakin Bambi :LMFAOdead: Painting but virtual Man I still remember taking graphic design back in high school We also worked with cameras, taking photos, and editing them Photoshop was so hard to work with but overtime I got used to it STOOOOP Never compare me to that indecisive bitch Pfffft I live far from the beach so like :hoopla:  Same Took it in college I actually liked my poli sci class because the professor was actually good at her job, she was ridiculously passionate about the subject, and I got an A so I miss it Ah thirsty arent we? XD Man now I want a pic  LMFAO @unforgivablespelling also happy birthday! Lol :this_is_fine: Im still waking up lmao dont yell at me Oof Man guess Im chopped liver once again smh Sure why not Gnarly Third place sums up my entire educational experience Actually no, more like participation ribbons Pfffft overachieving is overrated anyway Always aim for higher but not at the expense of your mental health Hola, how was the depths of the underworld? That bad huh? Get rest Or at least take something Welcome! lol noice Penis :pleb: forg Im light yellow. Drink at least 1-2 bottles of water a day Oof Weirdo :YellingWoman: :WTFthonk: Honestly peeing standing up is no picnic either The flow is so unpredictable One day it can go off like a fire hose and the next, its just a chillin garden hose Idk, maybe thats just me :hoopla: all we know is that its a cooking book also #choices-chat for book discussion TH:M good Viv wants to be a troll?  ~~It is what Im best at after all~~ Its the oversensitivity for me Its really not that serious :WTFthonk: So what if they want to leave Like wut Its their decision to make yaaaaaaas join us Lu :YellingWoman: "i should have been more clear" girl bye  throw your entire self into the nearest trash bin im avail XD oh god not that one anything but that one  TH:M god tier, Fabien my literal ride-or-die ftw :pleb: ngl, i wouldve been down for that Ryder from AME got one, why cant Fabien ): oml yes lol ye #choices-chat lets fly over there pizza would be bomb during cold weather ngl damn when you said you lived somewhere in NorCal, you really emphasized the Nor part not Voltra getting snow :hawyee: OH LMFAO HOW AM I WIDE AWAKE BUT STILL ACTING SLEEPY STUPID Snow good STOP  Not me getting haze and like a few seconds of rain Rae's in Colorado tho jkasdl;fh;ads true chiz you are in the Rockies after all oh yeah Lu has to dig out her car in the snow F i never paid attention to sports, period lmao stay safe It means six more weeks of wintery weather Groundhog Day tradition I guess some of us are *that* type of American if we know these things xd Mhm, animals have a more accurate perception of the environment than humans ever will Hence birds flocking south for the winter ahead of time and dogs sensing earthquakes :heresthemf: i wouldnt say its supposed to be entirely scientific anyhow. its more of an adorable and wholesome way to predict the weather, despite studies showing the Groundhog Day tradition is 40% accurate most of the time. but we do love to see animals react in their cute little ways so long as its harmless  no matter how much it pains people to know that winter might be longer https://tenor.com/view/-gif-5323316 im all for science but lets not be a complete buzzkill about a long cherished tradition :YellingWoman: https://tenor.com/view/chunk-the-groundhog-chunk-groundhog-groundhog-eating-eating-gif-16569064 besides look how cute they are  i know jksdkjdlahadfdahd tfw a groundhog is also one of the million things in the world that makes you feel fat :LMFAOdead: be fun now :mmYea: ewwww put that thing back where it came from, or so help me exactly :jebus: Statistics is kicking my dumb Asian ass so its fine bottom line: school sucks period not Lu acting all motherly still lmao sksksksksksksksksks my irl friend group also has a female friend who acts all motherly to us since high school: always bringing extra snacks to share, offering us hugs and love, its one of those fun roles we get to make fun of but also embrace as their personalities XD im the gay uncle of my friend group since my birthday is a few days after that one mother figure i was talking about so we just declared that we're siblings and im a carefree bachelor since im still single as hell  lmao instead of dad jokes, i tell uncle jokes ~~thats not even a thing but whatever~~ i bring gifts every Christmas covered in glitter  :pleb: :LMFAOdead: you're good Rae and Lu really said: "it puts food in its stomach, or else it gets the doordash again" :dopeyoop:  queen shit we got nothing to hide  XD id say a little bit of both  ASDFGHJKL Its a sign  Your alternative forg identity is living in your head rent free  Viv Maam Do we need to stage an intervention? https://tenor.com/view/jon-stewart-eat-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5102037 Gam Gam Viv https://tenor.com/view/beyonce-super-bowl-halftime-parody-gif-3535814 Viv as a grandma hmm lmao fuck you  I love to see it damn i didnt think sports had a deeper meaning to it, shit the only impression i got from it my entire life is how rowdy the crowds can be hence, fighting over resources that are scarce ah we as a society just love to make a competition out of everything explains the system of grades on report cards and awards given out in sports :uwu: Hola Smh HP, you broke my heart  Youre lucky I forgive easily ~~mainly because Im spineless~~ :this_is_fine: Indeed I should Mhm Will do Gn Sleep tight  :OOF: :uwu: lmao im sure she's fine prolly busy with work and life i DMed her this afternoon so lol classic Lu always asking the ***big*** questions XD ~~not me joining in on the roasting tho~~ Oh fax No printer https://tenor.com/view/asian-chinese-mimick-funny-gif-12989130 :boo: hdlelsnallfjflslslsjshsjaka @oge we are definitely gonna have an ES wave in Jordos honor Im the Sean stan of this server xd The lone Sean stan anyway God I love that server icon @azula a beautiful tribute to His Truly Ive used dating apps, just never succeeded in that area because lots of sleazebags Looking for a third pony :LMFAOdead: Commitment right there Wait didnt my reply count?  ~~Or am I useless in this scenario as per usual~~ Lmao  Because gay as hell ASDFGHJKL ~~Not me learning Tinder lore~~ Its bad enough I had to learn what FWB or DL means  Wack Tinder people are weird And mythical Where did you find a picture of Rae? Unicorns are natures greatest warriors Because Kyo is smol :jebus: all in honor of Jordo  ES was his favorite book so its 100% appropriate (: we all will did you not read this? hes an OG member back when this server was still young i mean if you bothered to make the effort, you wouldve gotten the answer so yeah there it is hes a beloved member he did go far back always in our hearts Hmm  Humans are sus so  :LMFAOdead: Yup Yes Thats how its always been with sequels Beats me Ive just come to accept it as it is: Book 1s receives two chapters and if theyre popular enough, theyll get a Book 2 or 3 but starting with one chapter Ask PB  Yeah PB never thinks these things far ahead anymore. I remember back then, they would instantly put in Book 1 in the title implicating that it was gonna be a whole series like for example ATV. Then after a long ass hiatus and negative feedback, the Book 1 part got removed and remained a stand-alone Yeah now they just wing it and wait for our feedback to determine whether or not it gets a franchise Yo I would love it if PB brought back the relationship status icons into the zombie book. It would make the most sense The people who hate you the most, their deaths are determinant and the people who like you a lot are your forever allies It Lives doesnt count That was a Nerve score. Not a relationship score I hope so. I want the book to do good He does have the Adrian bod lmao The Adrian bod is popular and I can see why hgggfffhhhhh Just a smidge Lmao Viv Both Adrian and Jax do indeed have their good qualities :LMFAOdead: Were talking about Vivs irl bf Lmao hfkdlslaldjajsggsjdkskakvddh :hoopla: LU MORNING We love to see it Same scenario Same protocol Idk Good vibes only Oof sleep well Kyo :pleb: And we love you for it Viv Im the fire That works too :bigmood: Just a little something something from my high school world history class (yes I still saved it all these years because the OCD in me loved how neat my notes were) My handwriting still looks like this to this day  Yeah I was one of the few kids in the class who actually paid attention to the lessons that were being taught because I friggin love world history Therefore neat and tidy notes :pleb: XD Thats valid god those are more bootyful than mine oh damn still legible-ish to me it looks like my handwriting when i start to fall asleep in class in the MIDDLE of taking notes  occasionally clutch it depends on the teacher i had. some wanted to force me to participate, others were perfectly fine with me sitting there with quiet good behavior, as long as i was paying attention three letters, so short. dont wear it out :mmYea: dghsdfhkl;ha ig thats one way to describe it lol and your surname is easily used in cheesy punny sentences xd lmao they cant be fitted with anything thats not too bad XD GAR-CYA LATER rip Doge is so secretive :/ FEED US A HINT smh lmao hmm imagine lmao Dimitri Alexei dfjkajpdfldjlf Bjorn the Doge says bork VLAD MAYBE grrrrrr lmao Boris Dogeson how's life Boris? whats the weather atm Boris? yeah Boris :eyez: now he's a robot XD  Drinking challenge: take a shot everytime Doge repeated the following phrase :LMFAOdead: cute thats the point lmao he left a blank message smh reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee i mean yeah LMFAO im actually Drew the Shrew :pleb: Viviass SAFDDHF;HGLHS;FGHF @Arzaylea  AHHHH SHES HERE XDDDDD LMAO REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  LU VIV FIGURED OUT WHAT YOUR NAME IS SHORT FOR Lu that name  damn Doge really was bluffing ): smh as do I but for the fun of it, i'll keep it to myself ~~for now~~ SDJPSDJKAODFHO SHE FIGURED IT OUT SO CLOSE *me wondering if Lu saw that* oooh more bootyful handwriting grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr just find some old notes like i did and take a pic lol hmm :eyez: XD i stopped using cursive after third grade hella useless imo lmao lmao baptized child here as well same iirc Catholicism is still strong in my family but with my parents, its a wee bit conflicted yup ugh no im not THAT diehard i dont let it run my entire life anyway i just do my own thing while still respecting others Catholicism is considered more liberal-ish compared to Christianity Catholics follow the New Testament while Christians follow the Old Testament i never really questioned those ceremonies when i was growing up i just went along with what my parents wanted truth be told, i just accept it as my religion but ive barely skimmed the Bible my entire life every Sunday my dad is big on religion, my mom is only religious when it comes to relatives passing away, and my brother is somewhat distant from it im a low effort Catholic if that makes any sense hshdhasdhdhasdkhf they could teach your dad a thing or two about open mindedness lmao id love to believe in reincarnations, its fun to think about yeah same lmao also spiders need to die :mmYea: have a good munch xd my experience was albeit similar except we were ALL in agreement to cut that toxic friend out because they were spiraling out of control. at first (before they changed their pronouns), she would drag at least one of us away from the main circle because tensions were running high. her mental health was deteriorating, being checked in and out of a mental hospital, and at school, it was just worse. she started using her mental health as an excuse to cut class, not do any amount of work, and just turned it into a privilege to get away with procrastination. mind you that some others in our main circle also suffer from mental health issues and have to take meds for it on the daily, but we actually suck it up and continue on with our high school careers, but SHE wasnt. needless to say, we did eventually cut them out of our lives and we never felt more freer. it sounds like we were horrible people but really we were just dealing with our very similiar situations in very different methods they wanted to run away from their problems and WE didnt tho i do hope your situation works out 2-D you do deserve better :mmYea: #choices-chat or #tech-channel for that convo. or just simply message PB no im just doing y'all's jobs bc clearly y'all arent up to the task :caticon: whore fight me hoe https://tenor.com/view/angry-mad-teddy-bear-bunny-rabbit-gif-7727804 https://tenor.com/view/bonk-gif-18805247 the world may never know  smh https://tenor.com/view/why-me-sibling-fight-pillow-fight-gif-15364604 lol https://tenor.com/view/fight-me-come-barney-dinosaur-punch-gif-16091889 https://tenor.com/view/spank-spanking-looneytunes-foghornleghorn-gif-7391212 ye  :caticon: :lgbt_heart_sparkly: well youd be surprised PB might not show it all the time but they do acknowledge their LGBTQ+ fans its just sad its mostly the cishets they cater to nowadays .ud cishet the books and their heteronormative arcs are becoming way too common. with the female genderlocked MCs and forced male LIs, its just boring L we do indeed and we're not going anywhere Kyo just said that XD ooh i made that suggestion back in #dream-books a long while back drag queens, pride parades, non binaries, the works wishful thinking tho :/ the straights would suddenly want to feel oppressed so badly but yeah, an LGBTQ+ culture book remains a fantasy :hawyee: unfortunately its pretty good for it to be diverse the problem is when it becomes too straight and generic and cheesy for our liking so what was it about our pfps? well mine is actually of me irl bc i dont mind people seeing what i look like xd its fine to have a pfp of something funny @Deleted User yours is just fine lol lol cute its the cat for me hey you always have the option to change it back freedom of Discord after all the beauty of the "change pfp" option errr "Change Avatar" according to Discord settings indeed we got a variety of bots here for example America good boy Sherlock LMAO RIGHT man, didnt realize bots came and went in this server ayyy oh wait ayy there we go  god i remember when i first joined, i was such an awkward underage boy, and now im friggin 20, where did the time go i literally just remembered im older than Voltra :caticon: dun dun dun indeed also tru haha i rhymed im so smort Lu, Lu, skip to my Lu. skip to my Lu my darling idk i have no life https://tenor.com/view/patpat-pat-comfort-pat-on-the-head-there-there-gif-10534102 :mmYea: ... we love to see Megamind https://tenor.com/view/megamind-villain-chair-spin-suave-cool-gif-4559758 huh? um are you trying to quote something? yeah.... :WTFthonk: https://tenor.com/view/trouble-call-police-maam-wendys-fast-food-gif-17367948 on Discord? oh now i see lol working 9 to 5 Man I would love to play MC with more of yall  You can never be too old to play MC Kyo, you hurt my feelings on a daily basis Taste your own medicine :mmYea: Debatable :dopeyangry: While Lu sleeps, Kyo cries And the system works Oh nvm She still awake  You can try but my ass is non existent so your stanky ass foot wouldnt be able to find it anyhow https://tenor.com/view/the-office-stanley-did-i-stutter-sarcasm-gif-3537210  https://tenor.com/view/sassy-squidward-spongebob-ohnoyoudidnt-gif-4672553 The gloves are coming off https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-squarepants-patrick-star-gloves-slap-gif-17514643  https://tenor.com/view/kick-cartoon-gif-11029651 https://images-ext-1.discordapp.net/external/j0nY-G2wRw5BZcM4YMn50KRe9JGnb_oT5rFXUqVkjvc/https/media.discordapp.net/attachments/607057643130978361/769423845853364224/women2.gif :hawyee: Ayo happy birthday Rae   oh indeed, Asian Americans have the most basic ass names the ones that actually have unique names had just recently moved to the country surprisingly none lol defo hahaha hooray for social constructs and making things easier for white people bc they're too dumb to learn god i got so pissed watching that news coverage it really got me thinking they'll give teaching credentials to ANYONE these days.... stfu punk ass bitch :ConfusedCat: :eyez: https://tenor.com/view/teletubbies-fuck-the-system-die-antwoord-gif-10625035 https://tenor.com/view/kid-vomit-gross-puke-gif-7896880 everytime Lu shows up oh please, i have  no heart joke's on you https://tenor.com/view/bite-me-gif-10202113 right? what a sore Lu-ser bite me bish im reading the trash's message rn, wym yeah its some animal thats still typing holy crap, dirty paws can type https://tenor.com/view/minions-king-mic-drop-drop-the-mic-goodbye-gif-5662478 all y'all are doomed lmao https://tenor.com/view/trash-kid-fury-laptop-internet-browse-gif-5348067 https://tenor.com/view/call-an-ambulance-callanambulance-butnotforme-gif-19487241 nah fam we just have too much time on our hands :mmYea: :pleb: lmfao that'd be a really useful class ngl  a dog's purpose being cute true im a dog person so   all thats missing is DopeyCat crying smh well yeah but itd be fair to have all his emote sprites, ya know? its the OCD in me lmao ~~not me becoming more like Sheldon Cooper every day~~ just without the gifted intelligence and eidetic memory ouchie holy shit kdljkl;fhsdgkgdfgdgsaf its the spiritual connection for me destined to be server mom oop Its the pettiness and bitchiness for me :caticon:  welcome! be sure to grab some #roles if you can :OOF: too late Alex got some roles :3 people listen to me hehe is there an Opposite Day celebration idk about? :WTFthonk: Arzaylea, kiss my ass thx, its my dumb personality :3 hmph LMFAO :heresthemf: not me stealing her job while im at it that can be arranged https://tenor.com/view/boxing-box-punch-hit-fight-gif-5393841 we have some Asians here no spamming not a mod breaking her own rules smfh where are the music note emojis then hmm?   Lu-ser  apparently i live in Lu's head rent-free  IM LIVING bc unlike you, i gots me a sense of humor and where did you pick that up, your local Chuck E Cheese? plastic doesnt count :OOF: :LMFAOdead: Our resident insomniac queen Queen Queen good bot ayy :LMFAOdead: nuggies when kyo almost got cancelled the would-be kyoancellation :hawyee: ~~impeachment trial~~ rawr  Just dont ping her lol She hates it Lmao shes barely active on here anymore now that shes back in Spoilerland She tolerates me :caticon: XD But with Mara  Ayo shes here Mission accomplished WE GOT HER BACK BUT YOU SAID YOU HATED IT WE JUST SIMPLY MISS YOU SO THATS IMPORTANT Idk why I still had caps on   LMFAO VIV Oh boy here we go Sounds pretty legit to me  :WTFthonk: Yeah Im hella introverted so that aint me Lucky Viv prolly visited a different area than where Mara lives lol .ud knobjockey Huh Sounds like Viv to me lmao Not Kyo bullying Viv again  I can type and eat at the same time Shhhhh lmao Oops Rip Indeed Inch resting Good luck Kyo and good night Wow you gotta wait a few days bc they're already stressed from the vaccination itself and a bath would just stress them out even more since dogs already dislike both getting shots and baths me too i'm always more than happy to share my advice and knowledge of course usually the day after the vaccination, they do perk up a little but ideally, you want to wait a few days when they're fully recovered before you bathe them, just to be safe and all that good luck Kyo, if there's one good thing about the pandemic is that the DMV isnt all claustrophobic af i had to wait an entire ass morning, surrounded by so many people for my driving test appointment and the fact that they were just keeping me waiting was making me feel all anxious and i just wanted to get it over it but you Kyo, you'll do fine if i can make three mistakes and still pass, so can you not even kidding, three mistakes is the minimum requirement to still be able to pass Not me still holding on to my evaluation sheet from years ago because Im sentimental like that passing that damn test on my first try is truly one of my greatest achievements and those are rare and thats why you dont leave your spot as long as there's still social distancing, cant complain and masks, duh oof gotta get some fuel in you and your car valid lmao same my dad owns two cars and my mom owns one atm and i get to borrow any of the three at any given time ok not any given time, but just when running errands bc as a homebody, ive really nowhere to be, pandemic or no pandemic haha adulting sounds so much fun every 8 years i think that applies to the whole country but it may vary by state not sure mhm same with America but like drinking is at 21 voting is at 18 tho hence why i mentioned drinking tho im surprised they allow voting at only 18 but Merica ig me not even planning on drinking ever oops *wasted couldnt help myself lmfao i had one bad experience with alcohol disguised as chocolate and i forbid myself from drinking sure bite me i hated it hahahaha it nearly ruined chocolate for me at first i thought it was shaped as a beer bottle for shits and giggles and then i tasted the inside, i was like NOPE never tried man thats the most random name for a drink ~~either that im an uncultured swine~~ even i can tell that thats beer at the top haha so funny i forgot to laugh :hypeforg: ooh new emote, i just realized lol forg  :forg: pffft we dont care about that in this server ~~yeah well i believe in anarchy~~ reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee https://tenor.com/view/gorilla-spinning-funny-war-crimes-gif-18253130 i was destined for war crimes 2-D said airplane ticket randomly and my dumb ass thought that was the name of a drink hey listen she said bye liver after that comment i thought "airplane ticket" had something to do with a drink 2-D was talking about @Andromeda CLEAR SOMETHING UP FOR ME, WHY DID YOU SAY AIRPLANE TICKET BEFORE THAT LIVER COMMENT LMAO NOW MY HEAD HURTS over my dead body im an innocent boi who shall remain sober until the end of time C: a concept cashmoney weird thats kinda weird ngl :PinguDab: ooh i like the new color Voltra it does hence vampire blood mine is just my favorite color and my favorite Choices family lol the Oakleys are chillin basically whatthefuckever look over your shoulder into the lane before making a lane change dont rely on the mirrors too often cause objects may appear closer and stuff and for god's sake, use your blinker and of course both hands, 10 and 2 on the wheel like a clock and be prepared if you have to do any freeway driving although im pretty sure they dont have you doing so you got dis Kyo and just stay calm and focused overall, no panicking. follow the instructor's directions, whatever their personality and attitude towards you is, just hang in there always make a complete stop at a stop sign intersection oh god just why?? oof yikes but yeah seatbelts are common sense by now when its yellow, you SLOW down LU shush lmfao Lu really turning into the bad influence mom LMAO we went from overwhelming Kyo with advice to lecturing Lu about her lack of seatbelt wearing :LMFAOdead: spitting facts NOT FAE JOINING IN XD BETTER SAFE THAN SORRY ~~wear your damn seatbelt or else im gonna have to get out my own belt~~ Voltra get in, we're going to teach Lu a lesson about safety i think 10 MPH is recommended 5 idk better safe than sorry yes Kyo is a Cali inhabitant hell yes i think i still have my old baby car seat for Kyo :LMFAOdead: hmm ~~not us luring Kyo into the car with chips~~ shortstack, wear a seatbelt adpjiphoafohsdjfj;lka lol https://tenor.com/view/seatbelt-grizzly-we-bare-bears-safety-first-airplane-gif-16699643 see? its that simple Lu wear the damn seatbelt they actually do lmfao :mmYea: hehe the law is the law bish GOOD LUCK KYO AND DONT LISTEN TO LU SHE A BAD INFLUENCE lmao its hungry to be wrapped around by a seatbelt https://tenor.com/view/seatbelt-on-conner-bobay-safety-first-safety-comes-first-wear-your-seatbelt-gif-19276844 it costs zero dollars and zero cents to do so :uwu: sup Viv Kyo has a driving test in progress and Lu doesnt wear her seatbelt *PETA has entered the chat* lmao sdfjkj;fhsdhfhsdhoafoa my zoom class is also in progress but we're just asking the professor questions about the virtual learning stuff ||trigonometry|| yeah :/ LMAO IM SORRY i actually did it XD math is disgustang indeed oof lsdaljlldjlksdajl im gonna start with something basic af @azula do you remember what a complement angle is? :LMFAOdead: nope YES DING DING DING :bigmood: ugh i hate those anyway lel lol my calculator is still on my desk bc im too lazy to put it away UGH THOSE WERE THE WORST stats was hellish enough as it is geometry for me depends on the teacher algebra is my strongest suit stats succ we really turning this server into a tutoring server djaddosfsdufo oh boy i actually love history the only psych class i took was developmental psychology (: its the anticipation for me oop bc religious people say "science baaaaad" yes your rank in Spoilerland says it all gl! not Viv taking yet more long ass time to find a question bruh my Zoom Breakout Room is so awkward rn oh damn Archduke Ferdinand Ayy deadass havent done Japanese history since middle school https://tenor.com/view/pepe-why-pepe-the-frog-sad-crying-gif-16026853 watergate yeah high school social studies was literally both world wars and US history not all that diverse but what can you do its funny tho, social studies was a lot more diverse in middle school silence non-seatbelt wearer, class is in session and Miss Viv is quizzing us jldsajhfhdhlls I HIGHKEY MISS RECESS the playground equipment was aight at my school we had no swings tho which sucked i love swings the most KYO HOW DID YOU DO oof hey, mine felt pretty short at the time so  rip ljsa;ldjlsahh F not us being schooled by Rae .ud Watergate Scandal ugh smh indeed but same tho itd just take me time to come up with stuff off the top of my head lol it was spying and breach of privacy i think? yeah that would indeed be scandalous to his campaign trying to sabotage the other rivaling political party just because they disagree with you opium defo when im trying to remember the Silk Road trade route, all i can think of is opium asdljhlfhldsh what drug is all of the above lol Lu contributing to the class with her own pop quiz question a coup d'tat that overthrew her husband and second cousin, Peter III. Henry i hate memorizing roman numerals lmao Henry Henry Henry, had so many, wives that had to die I STILL REMEMBER THE SONG FROM HIGH SCHOOL lol oop not me being an American and knowing more world history than US history ayo same it was hella darker high school and elementary school sugarcoated everything college history gave you some tough memories my experience in a nusthell 13 shit god the lifespan back in those days before modern medicine yup... https://tenor.com/view/real-bad-ashe-ashe-incest-wow-wincest-smile-gif-15989501 royalty at the time thought they were maintaining the royal bloodline by marrying their own relatives :jebus: that aint it chief hoo boy science good indeed back then people were literally dying by falling down poorly built stairs like :WTFthonk: *Salem flashbacks* its funny that science helped the world move forward while religion caused some cultures to go backwards wild reeeeeee congrats Kyo :pleb: https://tenor.com/view/baby-driver-movie-baby-driver-baby-driver-gi-fs-ansel-elgort-action-driving-gif-8501733 LMAO GREAT MINDS LU it was like Pardon me, sir, I did not do it on purpose Kyo better teach Lu about driver's safety now eat the rich Metta knows whats up we're all ganging up on Lu now LMAO hmm not Lu telling Kyo to wear a seatbelt but she doesnt do it herself. BAD MOM wear your seatbelt  hi Fae lol *sigh* NOT THE WHOLE FAMILY TURNING LU INTO THE BLACK SHEEP Viv? XD we're talking to Lu LMAO oh wait im dumb lol we want Viv to continue with the quiz at least i put on my seatbelt whore gn! those friends agree that you should put on your seatbelt so :caticon: lol i actually dont mind being the family chauffer bc i get to control the music jdsal;slhdlhdf my only grandfather is back in Vietnam and he cant move around as much anymore he spends his days on the second floor of his house on the plus side, he can still talk and understand me through video chat whenever my mom calls him on her phone at least he has family still taking care of him bc lord knows the smartphone is still foreign to him one of the cool things about technology is when it collides with the old, anything's possible indeedy mhm! i mean Viv left the classroom so we're excused for the rest of the day :Bbay: honestly same lol :pleb: i love it when Asian parents threaten their kids or each other about walking home when your kids inherit your qualities that you punish them for :pleb: https://tenor.com/view/pokemon-james-jessie-prepare-for-trouble-and-make-it-double-gif-5321435 your mom and you as Britney Spears once said You better work bitch lol :WTFthonk: that was literally it the conversation lol Lu take a chill pill kk do your thing i see how it is Kyo Oop Yeah those things happen Cuts or bruises or bites that you discover and have no recollection of receiving them Human body wack lmao nice j;asddhdfhhsdfl;sdda the roblox video nope I will always love this forever WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY :OOF: *yeet* lmfao you called it with quarantine and lockdown and all that jazz, time just simply had no meaning. i too forgot February is the shortest month of the year he left bc there was nothing in the Choices app left for him, no book that interests him anyway Hol up Kyo, awake before 7 AM AND walking his own dog for once? Did I wake up in the Twilight Zone? Gnarly Ugh I cant imagine being a long-hauler Yes she was Under a fake name too. An anonymous queen Clownery People who joke about covid like that are whats wrong with this world :LMFAOdead: :e_minor: That is a true fact Ah Assistance Oof Same thing happens to me sometimes. I cant tell if its because Im hungry for more or if its just telling me to stop eating Soup good We live in a society I mean theres me but Im not a parental figure Maybe Rae? Or is she still busy? Thank you for parroting me Oml stop  ~~Its the self-homophobia for me~~ Jkjk Mood Good luck And looks like Kyo is on his own How Lu helps patients feel better and make a speedy recovery Big F True Get the cash monies   working 9 to 5  Hey Viv Anytime works for me except Tuesdays and Thursdays Oof Im being left out :hawyee: I know Xd Lmao Buying/renting movies for homework :WTFthonk: i remember at least one or two of these from my own US History classes tru cant blame you for only remembering the iconic names :OOF: anything to do with nazism is disturbing tbh indeed The Boy in the Striped Pajamas for me im avail now @azula F us whiny Californians are so weak compared to a Northeaster like Lu lmao tru only in the mountains and NorCal :WTFthonk: What?  Not me having a quiz due tonight at 10 PM and I still have three hours to study  DM me  Lmao Wow even when her name isnt a ping, she just teleports at the sight of her name  Man I havent had AJ in years OJ in months All them Js Lol God I too had an apple juice addiction growing up. My parents tried desperately to switch me to water and milk lmao Nah Im also a milk addict ~~not me still drinking milk to this day~~ Indeedo That sounds....exotic?? Then again Ive always wanted to try coconut milk Gnarly ^^ #TeamTatum :Bbay: https://tenor.com/view/why-not-both-why-not-take-both-gif-11478682 nuuuuuuuu ;_; ^what they said  Hey, I added a cheering celebratory emoji. That took some scrolling Dawwww Dark sky go boom Oof Meanwhile my area is only receiving the leftover drizzles  Ah damn, and I had homework that I actually wanted to get over with :/ DAMMIT Oof What a coinci-dink precious aww hbd to her and yeah we should do a VC soon Cute Lmao my mom on her birthday as well Priorities :pleb: Asian moms are a whole other species If my mom ever found out I have online friends from around the world, shed go off on me about privacy and info sharing and the possibility that yall are hackers/predators/creepy strangers :LMFAOdead: And so lately everytime she wonders who Im VCing with, I tell her they go to my school :caticon: Its a good thing those old geezers dont pry and ask us where theyre from or where they live lel God my parents are the epitome of paranoid helicopter parents. Not as much when it comes to my online social life but when it comes to my social security and birth year, its all hands-on-deck Which is totally valid But like eh, I have friends across the USA and outside of it as well. I may be a dumb Gaysian but I aint dumb enough to reveal my extremely personal stuff Gimme some credit, parental units :pleb: Same hat Rae :LMFAOdead: Same  Get sleep Kyo It really took you that long to figure out?  :IDKher: Third world struggles Wait Im high I meant first lmao Man did I really accidentally make an insensitive joke without even knowing it Im gonna go crawl into a hole and die now Im of no use here :WTFthonk: a-a day? REEEEEEE ITS COMING OUT IN THE USA TODAY :pusheenheart: The fact that Rayas voice actress is Viet :ferretoblush: Nah its alright. You keep it. Ill watch it through my own sources C: Boss has come back from the dead, it would seem :elmofire: :hoopla: My country is still focusing on my parents age group so I have to continue to wait regardless owo they havent even sent them yet lol oh wait it might be different for timezones oop damn thats usually my job :hawyee:  the joy emoji is telling me different  lmao welp welp welp :WTFthonk: :jebus: Viv do we need to talk? guys lemme remind everyone that we're joking around atm, no accusations whatsoever lmao :LMFAOdead: "are you legal?" Kyo will forever keep the baby face i dont think ive ever been mistakened as a different age people just never asked me and let me about my own business im 5'9 im taller than you Viv sjlasdladhjodahdfhohoafh IM YOUNGER THAN VIV AND TALLER THAN HER HAHAHAHAHHAHAHA not this again lmfao and i oop my best friend towered over me but compared to my parents, im a giant graduations being organized by height? :WTFthonk: mine was alphabetical by our last names LMFAOOOOOOOOOO about half my cousins are also Nguyens jkdsaj;j;dsjj yeah Min without the H is Korean Minh is Viet wild SEAs are more connected than we give them credit for most people's gene pools usually are hmm lmao its the lack of emote for me there it is maybe oh wait i will the Soul stream was fun tho   a lot :hawyee: They shut down Blue Sky Studios, the people that created my childhood that consisted of the movies Robots and Ice Age :hawyee: Not to mention what they did to Storyscape :pleb: she's likely asleep by now :hawyee: forg Because on Discord, *anything in between two asterisks will look like this* Hmm ****** Yeah thats weird Lol Fae teleported :PinguDab: Its Aurelia yellow XD I cannot math nor inside joke atm :caticon: .img forg :mmYea: .img wizard forg hehe  flying on over i stan :forg: slee  Kyo https://tenor.com/view/thriller-michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5577709 https://tenor.com/view/feel-me-think-about-it-meme-gif-7715402 Punny ***FOG*** Forgs are cute Is this an Italian thing or do you live in the countryside of your area? :WTFthonk: LMFAO Welcome to the Forghouse Ooooooh ok coolio forgs forgs F https://tenor.com/view/smart-thinking-thoughts-think-ponder-gif-7713620 idiots frogs  "sit in the forg corner and think about what you've done" viv i swear, you possess the most inch resting of forg memes makes me wonder what part of the internet you spend most of your time also Kyo when Viv is being bad: https://tenor.com/view/peepo-weeb-smash-hammer-pepe-forg-mad-gif-16181072 yeah but you two are each other's punching bags so its fine whats up Hmm .ud ola jente fuck you uwu the perfect Valentine's Day card REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE yes teehee https://tenor.com/view/its-the-law-marion-moseby-mr-moseby-london-tipton-sweet-life-of-zack-and-cody-gif-14113324 its Kyo's Viet obligation he's either asleep or working lol calling all SEAs they wanted to do comparisons that badly? lol :OOF: lmao sounds about right Not Kyo live-streaming to nobody in VC In spirit Lmao Not the reaction I was expecting  :e_minor: Right before she muted her mic too ASDFGHJKL Exposed :LMFAOdead: Or just simply Lady I came out of  :ConfusedCat: :pleb:  its the final countdown  Sometimes, it truly do be like that Ffs doooo it Evening Done :LMFAOdead: Damn Kyo already told her lmao Welp guess the cats out of the bag :caticon: Weve basically concluded that Lu saying brb really means I wont come back until the next day :mmYea: Oof Loud noises ~~not Kyo turning this into a science fair project~~ Awww Im so flattered That is so friggin true lmao Even Rythmbot eventually left him alone in there  and read TH:M reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Hello :pleb: Kyo's an edgelord too bad brutally honest :pleb: you have your moments we stan an abrasive side Kyo fusing with two moms? The world is gonna end Same hat Viv but Im not forg ;_; :uwu: On all levels except physical, I am honorary forg  Forde rip @Priyudi AYO WELCOME BACK HBD i see how it is Pri ignoring me jkjk lmao Queen is back in PCF :aww: forg fax wear your seatbelts kids dont pull a Lu :pleb: its the irony for me Lu making up excuses because her mom's a hoe :hawyee: tru that is also a true fact a thousand years ago when i was forcibly put on this planet mayhaps she'll just reply with the same tired ass excuse :pleb: i love that we're turning it into a meme tho Lu giving Kyo driving advice and then randomly drops the fact that she doesnt wear a seatbelt i still cant get over it :YellingWoman: lmfao a PITA if you will watch her only target me XD :caticon: nah we just love and hate each other :uwu: esp since i kicked her ass at being #1 according to Tatsubot t!top teehee Bread is the missing mom Viv i think ok hol up hmm lol as you can see Pri, not much has changed since you left. we're still weirdos :mmYea: true chiz doggo tingz i got Rusty from one of my mom's nail clients at her nail salon nah he was already middle aged but still bursting with energy at the time he could run like the wind it was a great 8-9 years, i'll always cherish them :lgbt_heart_sparkly: indeed a good boi a greater angel  dammit but ugh it sucks dogs suffer from PTSD a firm but gentle hand i imagine oof lmao gn Voltra Rusty's background is still a mystery to me to this day. my mom's client just simply found him wandering around the street in her neighborhood and it didnt look like he suffered from anything in his previous life. she already had two dogs at home and couldnt keep a third so she advertised him on Facebook for a week. no one showed interest until my Mom met him and she fell in love with him first, then came me, then my brother, and a couple weeks later, my stubborn but softie dad also gl Kyo! indeedo. fate, destiny, all that jazz :uwu: he pretty much did i imagined he literally poofed out of thin air lmao yeah that XD the funny part is, growing up, both my parents were dead set on not getting me a dog ever. then my mom deadass brings him into our house with a leash, a collar, and a cute little bandanna and i just gave her a "I told you so" look lol good times, good times nah, too emotionally painful for them they just dont want to admit to it awie what a sweet gesture XD oh damn what a best life he's living, sounds like a swell guy Women belong in the kitchen.

*proceeds to prevent them from entering the professional culinary career* Omg yes lmfao glad you finally noticed XD nah i hear them elsewhere in multimedia, music, or my friends' social medias and i just put it as my custom status bc i think they're either entertaining or hilarious lol .ud paint me like one of your french girls uh ... https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/draw-me-like-one-of-your-french-girls here this explains it better lmao my statuses themselves are usually chaotic and i often have people DM me out of concern :LMFAOdead: which means they're working :mmYea: :caticon: and i oop yeah yeah ik, people cant stop talking about it :caticon: :pleb: You go girl :elmofire: Mornin This is so cute I thought drunk texting was funny but animals typing is also hilarious lmao *Jill went up the hill to type on Fae's keyboard* precious :dopeystarey: So close and yet so far Ayo welcome back! @L'Belle @azula your sister is chaotic and I love it Ye Huh? Pfffffft Im not that chaotic Shut up Auto correct hates me Indeed Chaotic hoe  Lmao And yes Homework is the Devils work :jebus: Yes because it wasnt clear that you didnt answer Raes concern for you, regarding your hunger click it or ticket With her seatbelt on -he said doubtfully Something came up or you just too tired? :WTFthonk:  F Lmao he sees it as a sign to procrastinate Fae, may I ask what 17 means? XD Ah ): Is that geoguessr? Man I used to be so addicted to that Underrated lil game :bigmood: :pleb: Were still on that?  BRUH NOW I CANT UNSEE IT .img Mr. Clean Thanks a lot Rae. These images will now be seared into tonights edition of my nightmares :LMFAOdead: time zones yo :pleb:  damn my class literally just started :hawyee: about 1:25 PM F Sushi the Sunbather deadass thought that was part of the ground lmao here's hoping Yeah Im just eating lunch. Then its dishes and Ill be back on :pleb: Hell yes If you want https://tenor.com/view/kermit-darkside-star-wars-evil-innerme-gif-13048146 Sir Is Rae gonna have to doordash you some mac and cheese? Hi Kevin Hola Kevin Como estas? Favorite book and LI? @kyo :redfield: LMFAOOOOOOO Bruh Viv is spreading chaos  @Priyudi theres a wave incoming and its the Kevin Nguyen wave No its a meme within the Vietnamese community where a lot of boys are named Kevin Nguyen by coincidence IM DYING RN @red hot silly pepper oh hello fellow Kevin Hi Kevin, Im Kevin Ok Kevin https://tenor.com/view/home-alone-catherine-o-hara-kate-mc-callister-pass-out-faint-gif-12025236 ): :WTFthonk:  Hi Kevin *meow* Hi Kevin!!!! Eww no one wants to be a Karen Kevins are better Maybe Jasmine HI KEVIN  My apologies k e v i n It was @kyo s idea according to @azula Yeah that :Bbay: https://tenor.com/view/hi-kevin-spongebob-notes-hello-hi-gif-5236142 I am 100% here for the Kevin Khaos Woo Kevins go brrrrrrrrr Wanna do some math homework together for fun? Fine lets just go get boba or sum Nerd :mmYea: :eyez: I dont understand whats so funny :Bbay: You got me there Kevin :uwu: He has awakened before noon :0 Ah yes Checking your notifs real quick before rolling over again in bed A little quiet but not bad Mind-blowing concept right? Have a good sleep Kyo lmao :WTFthonk: Kevin Nguyen Lick Kevin Nguyens ||pussy and crack|| Lmao Mhm! For the first time in forever, the gay men have been fed :lgbt_heart_sparkly: God I would love to see less heteronormative covers in the near future Oof Have yall had any success regarding a nationwide vaccination eligibility? I feel like countries have been opening up sooner the more people get their vaccines Or at least have civil order established But wow a curfew. Id say a little extreme but at the same time, necessary My dad got two doses iirc and my mom is well on her way to get vaccinated as well Im just waiting for my turn Not Kyo telling Viv she cant roast her own country :pleb: Hey you do you Lmao The mood of this channel changed real quick Ive always wanted to try a panini  XD Yay we love each other again XD Lol What kind? Not Kyo leaving us hanging like that smh Noice Indeed  now Im craving some F Ree Lmao I mean we do both like men exclusively :mmYea: :LMFAOdead: Mood Me driving and staying at a green light seeing some hot jogger doing stretches before crossing the street :this_is_fine: Yall are all my moods rn This pandemic was lowkey good for insecure introverts lmao I took a subway in Vancouver Canada but as a tourist Asian public transportation is beautiful American public transportation is musty as hell lmao Not me piggybacking on Kyos dumbassery Anyway Subway, Eat Fresh  XD poopoo peepee Then eat something Then call it breakfast I cant be the only one in this server who still eats breakfast ._. You could ask Pri Literally all meds in the states are hella expensive Because hooray capitalism Indeed :pleb: Did someone summon me? Nobody scared me btw, I just had chores I had to do lol Werent yall just talking about tampons, pads, and periods just now? :WTFthonk: What does this have to do with me pretending to be straight lmao I-  I SEE NO WRONG Wait whats the show called? Ah Yeah Ik what the show is Its funny Truth be told, I couldnt pretend if I tried anyway lmao Hey Bel is fruity Im just an average lump Stfu I just wanna be a sub to a man, thats all Im asking :Bbay: Ladies, if you have men in your lives that keep hassling you, just gimme their information and Ill take care of them :mmYea: Rae, how the hell did you figure out my overall complexion  ASDFGHJKL Submissive but you been knew Jade was the womens gay/bi awakening, meanwhile Beck was mine :PinguDab: Hmm  Its the way shes told Tori dont be shy for me When Tori was giving Jade a pat down Maybe :e_minor: If a man ever told me dont be shy Im just gonna :hoopla: That was more a Dan Schneider being a creep way to explain it Sigh XD I can totally see that Couldnt be me neither Jade was my sass inspo Sinjin: Im sorry I hit the wrong thing!
Jade: No! 15 years ago, your mother gave BIRTH to the wrong thing https://tenor.com/view/beck-oliver-jade-west-gif-10296612 Also Viv and Jax Lmao Like them, you and Jax take turns being versatile XD Mayhaps https://tenor.com/view/beck-oliver-jade-west-go-sit-on-the-steps-gif-10296555 Viv You just figured out why you get timeouts :LMFAOdead: THATS WHAT LU JUST SAID :e_minor: *sigh* Because Youre you Love can be expressed in many different ways YOU WOULD BE THAT TYPE OF GF ASDFGHJKL And Lu would ask that question lmao ~~maybe its a repressed toe fetish~~ No way really? I had not noticed :this_is_fine: https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 *slowly raises hand* um I do  Do not judge me They are  Lmao White people have Quaker Oats for breakfast Hell yeah :pleb: Not kyo voting for both lmao Lu is our honorary Asian :pleb: Hey Viv  Morning Lu! I mean L my crush from high school is named Marco :e_minor: Ye get well soon! Soup is good for the soul Sure :ConfusedCat: Who wouldve thought :WTFthonk: Nipplegate Uh I think so?? Wardrobe malfunction :ConfusedCat: Its the fact that theres a whole Wikipedia page about the incident for me ye tonight i hope to be online between 8-8:30 PM. the rest is up to Lu and Fae Wild *sigh* Ugh YES hnngggggggh I have no regrets romancing him. Hes just perfect :Bbay:  Lmao All the activity is in #nsfw-chat discussing our issues :LMFAOdead: She has been lmao I saw her react to at least one of our statements She always has a story time ready up her sleeve Aww but its fun tho :Bbay: Lmao And like a bunch of nsfw experiences teehee Not in my experience, Im still experiencing the innocent version of it :LMFAOdead: Because virtual learning :pleb: I mean duh :pleb: Omg good luck Fingers crossed everything goes your way Oh god i have not XD add it to the list @kyo you avail for tonight? yay XD anyway im good at 8-830 PM PST or like we could do it now if y'all dont have homework and would rather not stay up again???? idk im trynna cater to Lu and Fae, our resident east coasters XD that Asian daily routine i could work with that meta i can only eat 2-3 slices at a time lmao this again owo is fae not on the tree? reeeeeeeeeee do it your thighs wont do it for you we interrupted Bel's thigh workout when i tried to propose to him :LMFAOdead: sdfhdfjlhhjghf; Bel is already married to his thighs my mistake  Its not called a server. #deleted-channel is just a mere channel This whole thing, Playchoices Fans is the server Whether on mobile or computer, there should be an x on the right side of the DM. Just click that and itll close temporarily Nah youre good I was new to Discord once as well. You get used to it (: :OOF: Bish trust me, no one is stupider than me :e_minor: If it makes you feel better lmao :pleb: @azula wait scratch that. The x is only on computer. On mobile, you have to press on somebodys name until the option pops up where you can close the DM ugh girl good luck, again :hoopla: Indeed Rite-Aid sells anything Including needed meds Yup So communication skills are a definite yes I thought you were showing attitude Viv lmfao :eyez: :bigmood: Same School honestly became hella stressful for me when it became virtual It sure sounds like an introverts dream but I need to be in a classroom setting to learn, as much as I hate to admit to it Ngl that would be a fine career for me Ayo irl meetup :pleb: Yeah we definitely have one lol We are a coastal state after all, of course were gonna have marine centers Tho I would have to make a hefty drive as I live inland :this_is_fine: I think the personal squad role once let us have access to a past venting channel but it got deleted because of drama shit so the Personal Squad role is rendered useless Um YES On the way, we can hunt down and kidnap Kyo XD Kyo is smol so we can settle with a butterfly net No shes east coast lmao owo :pleb: Yes Water your dog Viv we gonna have to take drastic measures #current-events-talk Dw well put holes on the lid Oh dont be so dramatic hhh Because Viv wants to visit Cali one day and were totally planning on kidnapping him to the marine center with us :pleb:  XD Oh so now Kyo wants to willingly join us The penguins NO NOT WITHOUT A SEATBELT YOU WONT :jebus: LMAO Im driving bitches, yall will be forced to listen to my crappy music :Bbay: Correction Asians cant drive but Im doing it anyway :mmYea: *sigh* Then buckle up bitch Apparently her parental units But it is casually illegal :hoopla: Yall are wildin Me learning at 16 because Im a wee late bloomer My dad was fucking terrified LMAO Hdlfgnjdlsls No wait I was 17 Yup, my strict Asian dad made sure I was up to no funny business We practiced in a back parking lot behind my moms workplace BLANKETY BLANKETY BLANK Dont worry Kyo, well get you a toddler car seat After I pick up Viv at the airport Nope were taking you Bet Ive always wanted to say that LMAO Personally I love driving. It gives me some sense of freedom. Plus I get to control the music :pleb: Hi!  Pretty good, hbu? Night driving hits different especially with the right song playing ASDFGHJKL NOO :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: :e_minor: ): Get plenty of rest Dont let covid win. Make it your bitch Tatsu is everywhere wym In a bit Yes lmao :pleb: Omg yes :e_minor: Reality is a lovely place but I wouldnt want to live there :pleb: Animal science #music lol Thanks! Hbu? Whats yours? Indeed Oooo XD Get it girl Get those diplomacy points Well if the beginning of the book is accurate you could either be leaders, politicians, UN employees, etc. Girl get yourself a hot bodyguard  Lmao :hypeforg: And then theres me: London Tipton tier dumb Asian :pleb: Community college good Always valid Cs get degrees Ngl thats looking pretty good to me right now It can be... At times Just depends School be like:  you get to be with friends and just goof around in class and other times you just wanna run in front of a moving bus Ive been so quiet in class since middle school, always getting like the most average scores and grades. One of my teachers actually wanted me to talk more often but I said nah Kyo putting down Sims gameplay as his experience for interior design :LMFAOdead: Hell yeah :pleb: I dont like building too lmao I just prefer buying houses already furnished and ready to go :WTFthonk: Bruh lmao How can anyone be that stupid Smh Yike Dammit lmao XD :e_minor: Bruh Like Why Even Bother And then proceed to show up at the workplace anyway lmao Use two ~s @Andromeda  ~~like this~~ ~~smh~~ No like Yeah that Lmao ~~XD~~ What a prize A real winner Ayo congrats Kyo!!!! XD :LMFAOdead: Confusion :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: He hunted you down @azula we need his resources so we kidnap Kyo Viv Go sit in the corner Prolly not lmao American franchises do be like that Same :Bbay: Oof good luck Fae It do be like that sometimes  To crush our will to live :hoopla: Bruh Selfish reasons ITS THE SELFISH REASONING FOR ME NOT EVEN FOR THE BENEFIT OF HUMANITY :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: Basically :heresthemf: :mmNo: Ah DAMMIT FML That u? Pffft my parents are too conservative to cuss Same hat :hawyee: Imma be real. I dont mind burping or farting in public. But if I say stupid shit, then Ill be embarrassed because I dont usually think before speaking Hence why Im so quiet in public Id rather just observe and watch quietly while behaving and keeping to myself Thats just how I roll Trying not to look like a clown when I already know I am :pleb: Thank god for music, my phone, and my earbuds and face mask. I imagine it like an invisible shield Not me saying sorry constantly anyway Typing Makes sense Yeah aro has more to do with romanticism Or lack of it I mean Hence asexual Commitment issues stem from psychological childhood issues iirc, not sexuality. It could affect anyone Im a homo too Oop Exactly its the pressure and expectations Vertical licenses for the youngsters Straight up facts. Makes me ill thinking about parents encouraging their kids of having some on their own for the sake of continuing the bloodline, gene pool, or just having grandchildren who looks just like them. Its so stupid When parents make this half assed excuse oh but youll change your mind once you go through the process of pregnancy UwU uh no Especially with family health history Thats why Planned Parenthood is absolutely sacred and we need it, for the education Informing the public and what-have-you Its annoying My children will highly likely be four legged fur babies and people are gonna have to deal with it :pleb: My fricken parents with my younger brother as we speak When I came out of the closet, they lost hope of me giving them grandchildren :pleb: Im adopting mine I dont want MORE people looking like me  The saying goes: gay people adopt all the children straight people abandon Exactly. I wish we could just  abandon the social convention that family has to be blood related Yes ... @faede  welcome! video game therapy :pleb: 9 PM PST @kyo  God thats just awful Man :WTFthonk: Lmao Kyos status is currently Offline XD Uh huh :e_minor: Dog supremacy :pleb: Im definitely getting a Pit Bull They have such a bad rep but Im not gonna let it stop me No theyre not Theyve been stereotyped as violent for far too long and its because of shitty humans Some asshole really woke up one day and thought hmm Imma damage an entire breeds reputation today They were the OG nanny dogs The media blows everything out of proportion Dogs are sacred and theyre a lot smarter than we give them credit for Facts bruh same with my mom she always has a last item to buy when her memory decides to work and then i have to save our spot in the long checkout line (: BIG FACTS like mother, i didnt bring any money with me today, hurry your bitch ass up Meh wouldve been funnier had it been at the exact same time, not 6 minutes later :e_minor: Excuses :eyez: Nope I dont play console games, not anymore anyway  ugh kick that illness ass :pleb: :hoopla: :bigmood: And Im not even sick Nice one XD Maybe I can make yall as Sims and we just screw around  Nah Im gonna ask yall to pick and choose :LMFAOdead: REEE Its Kyos inner interior designer coming out for me ooo Wait was it the one where we had customizable dorm rooms and we could actually build walls and separate rooms and stuff? Ah A lot of people get inspirations and ideas from one another to create their own Roblox game lol Kind of? Im not entirely sure Im following Oh yes the Studio Yeah the Roblox Studio is where people can use their own assets and designs to create a whole game themselves and post it online for others to try out. Whether or not it reaches popularity depends on the content quality Its a similar concept to the Little Big Planet game-making and sharing if youve also heard of that game :pleb: God I miss my LBP days I had so much fun just messing around with making my own crappy games that I know will never be published and popular but it was fun to just mess around in my own little studio lol XD I just cant help but reply to people :this_is_fine: I like having Choices discussions :Bbay: I wanna find my fellow mindsets lol I think I lost my Little Big Planet game anyway. Its been too long since I even touched my PS3  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/LittleBigPlanet Like this and Roblox are basically sister games Sad yes she is and SHS was lit along with Cause of Death at that moment, my love for VN apps grew, well the ones with a decision-making feature anyway lol DBH is *chef's kiss* oh yes definitely. LiS is so good a little bit. i saw the outfit reveal and im pretty hyped  thats what venting is for and im so sorry you had to go through all that bullshit Kyo you deserved better than that i was lurking get sleep Kyo slee xd I visited Vancouver and the men there are hella attractive Oop Ngl Id be okay with that :LMFAOdead: Himbos can be precious Bel Istg Fuck a cactus He has to Indeed Id rather have a stupid nice person than a mean smart person I mean we bitch about men But some of us still love them anyway lol XD Hooker :pleb: Concubine Homewrecker Handmaiden Idek lmao Lmao Hmm Lmao same The most I ever did was walk my dog No Im not into bulking up tbh. Tho I do wanna lose my belly fat But uh no motivation :e_minor: Does it really? I thought it was exclusively muscle building Inch resting Goes to show I know nothing about exercise lmao I havent done major PE stuff since high school :e_minor: I usually took the stairs whenever Im in school Emphasis on the dumbass Pfffft Yeah Viv is a longhauler but she is a tough badass queen Lmao And then taking their money and running Obvs Oh boy Visual novel dating sim Yup Omg The resemblance  Tis a joke ASDFGHJKL Tiddies, were talking about tiddies lmao AHDKDLJSJDJD NOT BOBA Lmao Evening! Were talking about Vivs tiddies. Join in on the fun Oh true  Bel everyone has a fatter ass than you I never said I had an ass so nice try (: And I dont give a damn  Yes you are Bitch its 2 AM. I dont have the energy to come up with clever shit And yet youre still awake so thats unfortunate :pleb: Not me having an assignment due at 11 AM and I havent even started it yet :hoopla: I would but theyre all broken No  No Nah Bitch thats Lus Everyone is ganging up on me AGAIN  That was a mistake to begin with (: *sigh* m!punch @Belbercike HAHAHAHAHHAHA MarriageBot really said Not today Bel You cant stop Gaysianess Its just impossible Because Im the chaotic typer bard My keyboard hates me Stfu Do it Lmao Ahahahahah and also me having an exam tomorrow afternoon Kill me now Allergies are the worst Viv keeps wanting to disappear the more people wanna gang up on me ol NOT THE SERVER WAGING WAR ON ME But what if I want to be gaynged up on uwu NOOOOOOOOOO Nah Im the opposite I think.... Lmao What is even going on in general chat anymore :hawyee: Yes  It Lives in my Head Rent Free Jax wants free real estate in Vivs phat ass :mmYea: Maam you yell at him for everything And let it all out Great minds I mean she is grandma But I need to sleep first :hawyee: The assignment is actually really short I can get it done in like a minute lol Trigonometry Ugh I know Same hat Bai everyone Thank  Madness Fruit punch??!! :WTFthonk: Ah jeez Kyo, did you hit your head in the middle of the night? Ouchie, patch yourself up Oop Lmao XD :e_minor: Helfhjkslakdjdkd Roblox at 7:33 AM No judgement Ive gotten up earlier like that just to play video games as well Id be down. Either we just go around scavenging in peace but nothing interesting ever happens or we Hunger Games that shit lmao Hell yeah lol After I do my online exam this afternoon Nah ): Oh damn The Twerking Dead @Arzaylea back me up  :mmYea:  @Arzaylea were underrated and under-appreciated YAY!!!!!!! We love to see a healthy responsible queen  XD yeah Afjfkaaksjdksl The emoji may be default but its ridiculously wholesome Bless this frontline worker He was ALWAYS admin, what Viv is the server owner There can be more than one admin you know :pleb: oh no ye yes reeeeeee we love to see a successful anthology LiS franchise has been pretty good im also looking forward to new songs to listen to lmao the soundtracks Dontnod picks out is *chef's kiss* https://tenor.com/view/my-dudes-frog-its-wednesday-gif-15070546 https://tenor.com/view/fuku-frog-dancing-moves-colorful-gif-16800054 :OOF: some people are just uncultured like let us be excited lol Having a social life during the pandemic can be hard Thats why online friends are better :PinguDab: Yall? Lmao I love that video Oh no ): https://tenor.com/view/get-to-work-britney-spears-you-better-work-work-trendizisst-gif-17782998 Oh no Because men Ugh people pleasers need a fresh perspective because that aint it chief Literally who cares I mean Im an Apple user through and through and so is the rest of my family but were extremely careful with our devices because my parents worked hard to give all of us a comfortable life. Thank you frugal asian parents Damn I hope this is just a fluke Viv. Couples argue all the time, its normal. But you gotta works things out somehow. Like Kyo said, sit his ass down and talk it out Jfc It boggles my mind how anyone can be that careless with their electronics unless theyre like ridiculously rich Nobody can be that unlucky but Id be surprised Not Murphys Law affecting Jax but with expensive electronics :hoopla: hhhhhhhh Seriously just like give him tough love or sum Good lord.... A break can go a long way Fuck off Im trynna help  :e_minor: DAMMIT ~~casual couples counseling~~ :hoopla: Oop ~~not me being single for the past 20 years but still wanting to help Viv with her love life~~ What? VC? Omg ||Death|| is a heavy subject, no matter who it is Indeed And I thought my dummy mother locking her car key in her own damn car was the craziest thing thats happened tonight Not me and my dad having to drive 10-15 minutes with the spare to retrieve it :this_is_fine: Oof Jesus It makes everyone paranoid I dont blame you for worrying rashon Have fun Kyo Sims 3 will always be my Sims ASDFGHJKL All I can say is, tread lightly :e_minor: Yeah... :/ PB putting trigger warnings at the beginning of a chapter when it is most needed Not graphic per se, just descriptive-ish Slee Wtf spoiled and privileged people can like fuck off Same people whined about haircuts and getting their nails done at the height of the pandemic  Gross 2:15 PM I just finished eating Hmm Aight now your turn lol Ooh those sound nice Hmm the first things to come to my mind are Pluto and Bolt :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: oh boy The grind dont stop :pleb: Good luck :OOF: Toxic masculinity is still very real but also still very stupid i honestly find it pathetic we're gender labeling tv shows to begin with. its so childish and early 2000s, like let people enjoy what they watch? its not that hard i am not ashamed of my childhood consisting of Totally Spies they sound like half-wits Morning Viv Doing just fine. Woke up and made myself another croissant for breakfast. Hbu? Felt fancy this morning :pleb: It...really is Its so discombobulated Indeed I dislike them both equally tbh but eh TRH just gets pointlessly extra all the time :IDKher: Theyre essentially carbon copies of each other  TRH Book 3 shouldve been the series finale period Waste of resources and assets i hate that i recognize that emote from an anime Mirai Nikki the ultimate yandere it really is the concept and story is wild af hmm i dont watch anime a whole lot anymore tho but i'll see if i can get around to it :e_minor: i mean Mirai Nikki is fun to watch but at the same time, you'd have to be willing to pull through some of the triggers it contains fs  :pleb: Thank you for making me wake up to this He so smexy Ok but in all seriousness, I hope everything turns out okay for you and your family. Fuck, you dont deserve to go through this twice punny have a good slee yes but over in #choices-chat or #tech-channel whichever floats your boat  ^ Got nothing but time to kill Ooh nice hey i love your Shego pfp and the color role goes with it perfectly its so satisfying to look at lol  hey, opposites attract sometimes :Bbay: uh def not tf huh what when where why how gimme like 8 minutes We love to see it And Im so sorry to hear Viv My condolences And I told you, I dont play consoles anymore xd I just have no interest in anything outside PC games It doesnt seem like my thing tbh, sorry  But if you guys enjoy it, thats good! More power to you! Ill just stick with my PC games always and forever  F-forg :forg: Eh ? Forg oop the sudden passion from Viv   Kyo learning to do the dishes himself. I never thought Id see the day  Oop Inb4 Lu comes out of Idle status to yell at you to sleep lol My...my mother senses are tingling KYO DID YOU EAT AND DO YOUR HOMEWORK YET Gn Fae And good luck with the rest of your work Kyo Meow Lmao Viv ily. Kick its ass Nice Gn! Lmao Poopoo peepee Thanks I hate it NO STOP XD  Honestly fuck Miss Rona. Nobody likes that bitch anyway LMAO m!tree Its all here Metta lol Viv has been hoeing around obviously The world may never know Gn Kyo Slee Ah yes the Bering Strait Land Bridge I love me some human history Gene pools can still be wack tho Just Go To Sleep :e_minor: Do it for the bread The braed Fur pet insuraence Gn @Andromeda happy birthday girl! Have a great one! :forg: AC? ah oof hello welcome oop well there are many big Choices servers out there so i dont use Reddit :e_minor: not anymore anyway never had one to begin with. i tried it only once for a couple days-weeks, then i got bored plus it was lowkey toxic deadass found this Discord server through a Facebook messenger group chat oop well i got a glimpse of the Choices subreddit and i was like nah aint for me indeed so you're saying you're one of those British conservatives? oh no, not the forg ): :forg: 420 bby  wake me up when it reaches 69 zzzzzzzzzzzz :e_minor: and the joke just typed, still not sleeping funny how things turn out i been knew the story of my life is a joke, so sorry, i beat you to it :caticon: i know im gonna take Kyo's place for most miserable life  Fri-yay nah Lu said it herself i am the epitome of misery but you implied it :mmYea: HA! its neither big nor small its miniscule itty bitty https://tenor.com/view/itty-bitty-living-s-pace-alladin-cartoons-genie-gif-8518424 my brain atm slee dont make me summon Fae in here to tell YOU to sleep for a change oop i spoke her into existence im magic like that :Bbay: i lie in bed, thinking up fake scenarios that'll never ever happen and drift off to them :e_minor: lmao blame Voltra and Kioverity for that XD they been singing that in #future-spoilers welcome back :e_minor: felt that nice inch resting Fascinating exchange we got going here Truly and utterly fascinating Lmao My dreams can range from my Discord activity and online friends doing the weirdest things to Choices characters coming to life and lately, been dreaming a lot about my late Rusty ): its certainly *a* topic Its one of those tycoon games that can last forever xd Basically :LMFAOdead: Morning Have fun at work Kyo  i can 100% see that oh but wait Alex is more tomboyish who's very athletic and into sports defo LMAO y'all be having Clover as your spirit animals :LMFAOdead: Sam is the one brain cell keeping the group together its Mandy actually LMAOOOOO true she a bitch anyway with an annoying ass voice OMFG YES the campus bully lets be real: im boy crazy so i'm Clover and Viv is Mandy  Blossom Luigi Waluigi whore thats already been said :eyez: Mr. Red do be like that :redfield: pllllllaaaaaaayyyyyyyy togetherrrrrrrrr Tanisha get some bitches on your dick Fae must be protected i aint short 5'9 :Bbay: lies you're shorter than me IM Y'ALL'S FATHER K;SDFLJFJDFJSLJDFJ you know you love me :pleb:  owo how close were you to this person? ah lmao the friend from Facebook messenger?  food nice grind dont stop but neither does the appetite :IDKher: "Lu Evil" sounds about right have fun noice https://tenor.com/view/iloveyou-lilo-stich-lilo-and-stitch-pet-gif-5658710 The ultimate feet pics yummy :ping: Maybe at around 8-9. Gotta help prep for dinner We be having pho tonight even dogs have midnight snaccs Nice Yes Wren is a good name Same with Cameron I also like Ryan, Morgan, and Jesse as gender neutral names yeah thats a habit, the annoying kind like have some patience? at least wait a few minutes until the previous bathroom user gets all their shit together, both figuratively and literally sharing a bathroom is defo hard Borth I thought you said you had to leave Ok... https://tenor.com/view/sheldon-sheldon-cooper-jim-parsons-big-bang-theory-the-big-bang-theory-gif-5618307 College does that to you Youre so used to deadlines and due dates that you feel like you have something to do but really you dont Anyway *laughs in NOT having a spring break bc my school sucks* :hawyee: Oop https://tenor.com/view/bow-bowing-michael-scott-steve-carell-the-office-gif-5632990 :Bbay: its bc you *are* superior wym :ferretoblush: California at the moment :e_minor: 54F and climbing up :e_minor: im more invested in FA atm, limited as the perfections may be QB is overrated imho Suffering oh yes aight, Lu and Andromeda will be your new sleep paralysis demons XDXD :aww: MOTY 2: Beatdown on Ray https://tenor.com/view/wallee-bra-gif-7834542 :LMFAOdead: dont fight it just give in to it :caticon: i was 7 so like smol bruh i told you im 20  im bby compared to the rest of y'all *chef's kiss* a classic Himbo Jax is indeed Kronk defo https://youtu.be/8p3pM4giaDI @azula you and Himbo Jax she's not princess she's queen get your facts straight pretty much Tangled is a good one :Bbay: same tbh i like a clean shaven face on a man lol ooh another himbo yeah i can totally see it a les queen of music god Lemonade Mouth was my Disney Channel childhood Naomi Scott was amazing in that movie, pretty much all the actors were amazing i also love the diverse cast of Lemonade Mouth yeah Adam Hicks and his gf :e_minor: Selena Gomez was *chef's kiss* in WoWP i approve even tho i was never in Boy Scouts lmao all of that is indeed true hardworking older sister  mushu fae you totally got the sass tho when you laugh while drinking milk it goes up the wrong pipe same my friggin friends back when we were in high school and eating lunch making me laugh with dirty jokes as im drinking choco milk from a small carton  its an experience say hi to them in your sleep for me :mmYea: wait have we ever heard Fae laugh in VC? i mightve missed out ): no snorting?  XD likely i knew a Karissa from middle school  hahahahaha its still March 31st for us lowly Americans :e_minor: least offensive? were bbay bomp and The Hottest Doctor At Edenbrook that bad? yeah Kyo dont be shy yay hot bbay bomp deadass picked it bc of the doggo emoji like a personality next should be the lawyer book iirc yup i confirmed it. April is the lawyer book Laws of Passion :e_minor: yes indeed *sigh* hell yeah shouldnt be that bad depending on the game you're playing i can get my homework done quick and be available its so nice to see Lu fighting someone else for once instead of me :caticon: https://tenor.com/view/thriller-michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5577709 pq oo sol i can see why people stopped with the April Fools thing now that most of us are adults and making *those* jokes :IDKher: its just a shitty prank a classic love that movie Goob is a whole mood hello Im Drew, the one with good wifi. have we met? henlo Viv fo sho yeah i have class in an hour :/ :PinguDab: me :e_minor: my gay awakening :e_minor: Wilbur is indeed an old man's name lol yeah its really old iirc it was Van Luu Bui he died like months before i was born my parents said he was looking forward to my arrival i should think so. they can be pretty hefty not like Hispanic names tho Structure of a Vietnamese name

The first part of the Vietnamese name is the family name, in the West is known as surname.
According to tradition Vietnamese, then goes a particle to indicate whether it is male or female, although not all Vietnamese continue this tradition. Anh or Vn mens and Womens thi.
The third part of the name is the compound name, in the case that has it (in america the equivalent is the middle name or middle name).
The last part of a Vietnamese name is the given name. oh oops i said it wrong then lmao i mean Bui Van Luu mine is sorta kinda basic as well :e_minor: i have a Viet friend named Jasmine  Rapunzel, Jasmine, and Merida oh wait LMFAOOOOOO IM STILL WAKING UP LEAVE ME BE aight aight: Eric, Li Shang, and Aladdin it'd take him a lot longer to make a man out of me :e_minor: tall dark and handsome :Bbay: eh true but id take dirt poor and real over fake and rich, that mostly applies to irl tho himboooooooo lowkey im fine with being bossed around because i can be super indecisive :shyduck: ~~its why im a sub~~ ~~instead of a dom~~ ajdlkjljahfhsdhfla right? he lives in the wild raised by gorillas :LMFAOdead: i need his skincare routine with what exactly? its the jungle :e_minor: snek *sigh* uberbot makes me tired sometimes woo im satisfied now @UB3R-B0T you live in my head rent-free im an avid chocolate fan. i could eat a whole Hershey's bar if i wanted to but only one slice of chocolate cake at a time white chocolate good ladies ladies, i thought we settled this already over in #robo-lab-bots and #nsfw-chat i really just witnessed ||domestic violence|| -> ||make up sex|| -> then to playfully arguing in a span of minutes REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE chaos bootyful chaos piraete https://tenor.com/view/march-madness-dick-vitale-bill-walton-ncaa-awesome-gif-11363136 huh? whats happening, whats going on i dont recall im confuzzled WAIT IDEK LOL what y'all are talking about who had the phattest one? OOHOHHHHHH H NOW I REMEMBER XD my braen is so slow i submitted it to @QOTD Bot false its non existent the only thing fake is my ass :e_minor: i'd cramp up trying My Asian Gay Ass :pleb: nuuuuuuuuu over my dead body exercise aint for me :e_minor: "we do but we also want your money" :Bbay: "there's a newbie join fee" inch resting but sleep Gnarly No :jebus: 7:19 AM Unlike Kyo, Im usually always awake before noon Oop Sprite Yes Oop Wow so adulting Other countries dont even have to tip Haha unlike America, other countries actually raise the minimum wage :e_minor: But uh #1 USA You gotta do it yourself you worthless pieces of shit. Im saving my money for my next golf trip No We never declared anything Shut up I did not sign up for this Lmao @Andromeda Yo join us on Roblox so you can see Lu die multiple times Lord knows you two will be each others life preservers during the Antarctic expedition Computer Youre gonna need the WASD keys and a mouse to be able to play properly Lmao You just go through each other Because were all transparent :pleb: Not the transgender dad joke :LMFAOdead: Damn beat me to it But still Great minds Think alike :Bbay: Nah Roblox doesnt take up too much  of your storage Should be no problem Graphics are about average Hell yeah Andro voice raeveal Bo Appa tit andy44444444 Thats about eight 4s Dont judge. I made this account in middle school Ill be online after breakfast  Weve invited Andromeda to play Roblox with us Ye once were all done with our morning routines  fun Yes pls. Take a break from whatever youre doing and just relax. Take care of yourselves and just take it easy  Rigged triage !!!! ~~while leaving Fae and I behind on a deserted island~~ :ConfusedCat: :LMFAOdead: :e_minor: :boo: owa owa owa Barely Whats up? Happy Easter to you too  https://tenor.com/view/happy-easter-happy-easter-sunday-tom-and-jerry-duckling-cat-gif-16865243 Tom and Jerry has affected me so much to the point where every year when someone wishes me a happy Easter, I can hear the little baby ducks voice and I feel the need to drink some water :hoopla: Yeah its a pretty older one Oldie but a goodie Pffffffft Luckily for me, my parents appreciated the classics and let me watch a lot of old timey childrens cartoons. Although my dad judged me whenever I watched Spongebob :e_minor: In my case, it doesnt exist Although they obviously acknowledged Down syndrome I feel like your mom sounds like one of those parents that wouldnt let their daughters ride bikes because they were afraid theyd hit a bump and lose their virginity :e_minor: :e_minor: Its fun being an Asian in general :ConfusedCat: Nah go ahead ASDFGHJKL Dark humor at its finest :pleb: i see no wrong LMAO awesome Oop Shame O Oof REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE SPILL THE TEA Oop :e_minor: :bigmood:  Lmao not Viv the Matchmaker Yes :Bbay: Truth be told I am into guys more dom and bigger than me but Ill prolly give him a shot regardless :e_minor: *prolly* He does sound more like Bels speed tho  ASDFGHJKL Lol its fine @Belbercike wake your Gaysian ass up XD THE TEMPTATIONS ~~Slide into his DMs~~ F :e_minor: Ooo owo Oh wow, she already saw it lmao https://tenor.com/view/coincidence-i-think-not-coincidence-i-think-not-the-incredibles-gif-5096707 His hair deadass reminds me of a straight Latino whom I used to have a crush on in high school. He was slim as hell Im good in the hood lmao  Ooh nice For you He is indeed Owo HAHAHA Does he even play Choices? Oop Lmao Now that Viv has tempted us all with an attractive dude, were all invested now hhhhhh Gay office gossip lmao Over my dead body There can only be one Drew :elmofire: Huh Where What O There Gaysian energy   sorta kinda :mmYea: we're mostly scaring him at best lmao wowie oml i wouldve walked out of that classroom crying wondering what has my life come to :e_minor: :ConfusedCat: a concept Simpsons will predict the fall of capitalism soon enough And the prediction will be fulfilled :PinguDab: morning Oop Yay Rinse and repeat :pleb: The more you know Ffs, again Kyo? Accident prone and familiar prone A day in the life Clearly she's an actress and singer i will be in an hour :/ uh she *is* an American singer, born and raised in California she just has Filipino roots from her father's side no California bby Yeesh wow ^ LMAOOOOOO ~~wish i can ground my parents~~ oop that was bad https://tenor.com/view/spock-dazzling-display-logic-star-trek-gif-16343803 congrats! a lot of vaccines and meds tend to have weird names but we just roll with it im still not eligible in my area :e_minor: indeed ha ha ha ha :Bbay: stfu you dont know me :eyez: also bc i wanna procrastinate from classwork atm great fucking idea Kyo i have not thought of that wow what a concept https://tenor.com/view/patrick-star-spongebob-squarepants-wow-mindblown-gif-13169052 woot woot woot get them needles bitch there are like so many topics going on at once, i can barely keep up no Kyo is younger than me that i remember much bc you are i mean eh im 20 JFC LMFAO im already a little bitch wym do it bitch literally knock me into oblivion so that i dont have to do this trignometry shit :e_minor: :jebus: one of my dumbass white neighbors thought my mom was my wife when she saw us walking together one morning :IDKher: BITCH THIS AINT ALABAMA FUCK OFF I ALMOST VOMITED HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I HATE IT HERE listen, like its one thing to say my mom looks like my sister, but to call her my wife??? :jebus: meh i just look like a radioactive accident eugh lmao we knew this was gonna come once we found out she doesnt wear her seatbelt DJKLADJKLLFGHKDGHKL the closest ive been to a cigarette was accidentally walking into a designated smoking area at my school also my damn uncle who still lived with my grandma at the time every time i walked into my grandma's garage, my eyes stung NEW NICKNAME HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA ^ https://tenor.com/view/oh-my-george-takei-wink-gif-5296452 @Andromeda beautiful HLSDAAHJIODHJIDFSW KEVIN NGUYEN IS BACK https://tenor.com/view/drizzy-kev-kev-kevin-hollywood-kev-gif-19598602 @Andromeda perfecto haha nope :mmYea: oop viv you stole that idea from a facebook group :LMFAOdead: i'll be Donkey bc im an ass i already said im donkey smfh https://tenor.com/view/donkey-shrek-mom-shrek2-smile-gif-15028111 STAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWP it shouldve been Assaylea *sigh* Assaylea and Assomeda power couple shizz asstronomical .ud andromeda yup owo @Andromeda your story is absolutely mesmerizing y'all are gonna have to join VC to make it happen lmao .ud DaHomieDrew oop stfu bitch kyo homework now oh damn you have something to do too? L-eh but it usually depends on the accents being used meh the times ive heard it, you have to raise your voice a bit bc one of my dad's brothers is named Le sorry i meant like raised your voice tone my bad lmao .ud sable uh https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sable so cute lmao ok but Tim Scam is hot https://tenor.com/view/merida-disneyprincess-horse-gif-5843465 the reason why you say Kyo is Merida/Elsa is bc they both dont need men  same Viv like crush me with those arms biceps hngggggggggghhhhhhh deal yes i'd love to be carried :shyduck: jkfjklsdfhlsdfhsdfa sitting on apps :pleb: did you put on the wrong shoes? have fun dont die dont drown you seem...awfully chipper about it Its tomorrow for everyone But some timezones have already reached the next day so Dont forget BaBu2  Valid I chose the perfect time to start re-binging old books. Got all the time and surplus of diamonds in the world to thoroughly enjoy them Firework already said that  @azula I LOVE THE WHITE CHICKS REFERENCES :LMFAOdead: "OH WHAT A BEAUTIFUL CHOCOLATE MAN" ***ahahahahahaha*** FREAKIN SHREK god tier movie gross ... literally any white is wrong when discussing non white culture they can try but they'll get something wrong ha pets can see the paranormal everyone knows that :caticon: :Bbay: our pets see all i have a similar situation. except the older i get, the more i can easily get away with swearing under my breath, and my parents wont bat an eye they still act like Satan is present whenever i swear out loud like bruh, they're just a way for me to express my emotions. swearing is fun but it also helps me vent (: lmao isnt even that bad its why we created the acronym so that we're not technically saying ass :hoopla: hypocrisy is a viscious circle lmao Yes definitely get it checked out Yeah I was about to say lmao I said it in the individual channels uwu Fae is just being a good admin/mod, obviously #FaeForStaffMember :mmYea: And we love to see it :bigmood: Its already been done anyway Good job Rae :pleb: I was about to say  I know the feeling all too well :hoopla: :LMFAOdead: https://twitter.com/gorfxd/status/1379898847208603653?s=21 I love this   :e_minor: cool :mmYea: L Lu is a nurse Yes You cant spell klutz without lu :mmYea: Yes thats unfair jeez and highway robbery :e_minor: gnarly wild :hawyee: rip Wild The resemblance was truly uncanny Truly Its chik fil a The chicken restaurant known for donating to anti lgbt organizations Fae and I were witnesses  Were honored to have been there by your side I did :pleb: I was literally telling her what to do and where to go but she was so hesitant to listen to me  Pffffft Now why would I ever want to do that to you? uwu I know you havent even gotten one expedition under your belt. The least I could do is make your night :Bbay: uwu Damn Fae didnt get the tackling bear hug :hawyee: :PinguDab: Its Penguin time oop Thats rough buddy Mood I dont play AC, just love to see Uberbot come out :forg: Yay Do it Viv Lmao Great minds yay! Artwork of my son  hence my discord pfp as well gl Cool Best boi Its the mlem  for me Hes simply contemplating shit  Pero why :WTFthonk: Wow all my parents are plotting against me  As you should be  Facebook Indeed I have LMAO Listen Mark Zuccerberg is so stupid Ive talked shit about cishet white men so many times on there and my account gets penalized for it. Meanwhile the actually problematic users get away with calling black people gorillas or apes  It was this one Lu. Pay attention smh Mmm true When it comes to Viv, theres always more to the story  But yeah I know exactly what Viv is going through. Were bad kids :pleb: :e_minor: Facebook is dumb lmao Yeah were just waiting to trap Kyo in it so we can ruin his innocence even further I still havent watched 50 Shades myself :shyduck: Terms and conditions :e_minor: :boo: :pleb: Have fun Dont drown I mean Im a bitch but I wouldnt say Im lucky Lmao autocorrect :elmofire: Eh you get used to it Oop Just some casual grand theft auto Wait was lu referring to sharing cars with strangers or her family? Im confused :e_minor: :e_minor: When I said I was used to it, Im referring to the fact that my family is a 3-car household  Oop My b EGGS BLAIN Sure why not Ah gotcha But yeah Ive been used to it but youre struggling :e_minor: Yes my parents arent getting younger so they're good with me being their chauffer and im fine with it so long as i get to control the music up front :caticon: :LMFAOdead: wassup whats the anime oop LMAO not this again Lu word your sentences more correctly smh whatevs joke's on you, my butt doesnt exist gross get that away from me that mental abuse to humans :jebus: sure why not, i'll give it a whirl just ping me when its time Oop Hi HP! Hope youre still safe and healthy :forg: Average. Just existing We got some new ones No biggie :PinguDab: ~~daddy~~ :e_minor: Gavin Newsom is constantly living in California Republicans' heads rent-free its likely because you had it on too tight. its happened to me before. nothing but a harmless skin thingy Oof then likely an allergic reaction then. Might wanna ask Lu just in case MC did not have siblings so that doesnt count Lmao ATV was just bad The siblings were grown ass adults and fought like children Lmao skskskskskskskksksksks Itd be a lot to list in the poll Oop not everyone giving Viv suggestions but she manages to find just the right excuse for every one of them ASDFGHJKL Alexis was annoying Elliot is a king Hes wholesome and must be protected He was basically me as a teen-ish :ConfusedCat: Honestly idrc. It is what it is  Kyo we never had to do that before so its not needed REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE :e_minor: I have OCD too but you dont see me voting for all the options :eyez: :pleb: Speaking of which, I just realized the servers old uno reverse emotes are gone :hawyee: Oh wait Dumb bitch disease :reverse: :nou: :uwu: Can you like be silent, worm? Gracias I self diagnosed it but my parents judging me for my organizing and ordering habits says it all They think me washing bigger dishes before the smaller ones is just ridiculous and get mini angry at me for whatever reason :e_minor: Same with the laundry. I fold bigger items before the smaller ones . Goddammit . I hate you all You all disgust me Losers :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: OWA OWA *sigh* You all are useless OWA OWA DUCKLKKLK Go to sleep Child OWA OWA FINALLY I love you all again Tbf Kyo pulls the passive aggressive act on me all the time just for the fun of it Id rather not Anyway Change of subject again I like that the option is shown twice Either way hes the server BaBu *baby Wow I shit on BaBu so much and my phone reminds me of that Predictive text ftw :e_minor: The fact that my phone recognizes all my Choices books acronyms :hoopla: Im just rereading ES currently to save my sanity It is. It reminded me of a simpler time when everything in the world was right Im 20 and I hate it here Who tf let me live 2 decades Im suing Im suing her ass Mood rn I- ASDFGHJKL I wish I had the ambition :hawyee: I WOULDVE CONSENTED TO THE ||ABORTION||, IM JUST SAYING Jkjk :pleb: My edginess is actually a pathetic charade :pleb: Who tf Drew me Yes Drew Drew also happens to be one of my nicknames Yeah Laughter is always the cure https://tenor.com/view/gorilla-spinning-funny-war-crimes-gif-18253130 https://tenor.com/view/okay-smile-ok-happy-gif-14150032 You shall only get +Desire points :elmofire: That gif is literally a nightmare for people prone to seizures I forgot the correct term for them Youre good Rashon https://tenor.com/view/report-gif-17984982 Its more about the profession we wish we could have But we wont be getting that irl in this lifetime Like the world would be so much better if the cops were all run by gay black people who could probably set things right https://tenor.com/view/captain-ray-holt-yas-queen-brooklyn-nine-nine-b99-gif-12390515 Me but without the demonically deep voice Yes It was iconic Me because gay but without the badassery Terry can step on me :e_minor: Gn Mountain of a man, Id scale that mountain :aww: Huh O Sure Why not Omg yes I approve Sock Puppet Dipper is a mood Yes I wouldnt say crush but more like shed be my big sister Wendy is just a teenage mood Says things logically and smart like but is still smol at the end of the day https://tenor.com/view/amazing-world-of-gumball-mad-angry-anaise-no-gif-11657763 Exactly :pleb: LMAO YES https://tenor.com/view/gumball-gumball-watterson-banana-banana-joe-banana-skin-gif-11836279 Lu is Nicole Watterson because shes the mom everyone fears but also adores https://tenor.com/view/angry-spray-paint-bottle-nicole-watterson-gumball-watterson-the-amazing-world-of-gumball-gif-16703012 He does get caught watching nsfw :e_minor: Youre also Sokka from ATLA because of this Hell yes and Ill stream it because I love Gumball https://tenor.com/view/avatar-cabbages-gif-5990800 Cabbage Man will always be iconic And Gumball is really goodz. Its wholesome https://tenor.com/view/gumball-flossing-the-amazing-world-of-gumball-tawog-dancing-gif-19781413 Hes the same dad tier as Homer Simpson and Peter Griffin I personally like their opposites attract relationship between Nicole and Richard but thats just me Family Guy was always about the dark humor The show makes fun of literally everything Whenever Stewie has his gay moments, I felt them Ikr a wild concept Yes The way he thirsts over muscular men constantly on the show is basically me Gn :forg: It would appear I technically took Kyos place tonight Temporarily ofc And yet you do it anyway Viv is forg queen Im the joke, shut up Veggies Heres to never growing up Avril Lavignes lyrics become more relatable every day Bread is alive  Oops Im sorry :hawyee: Croissants are good Bread I saw that The only thing flat here is my personality Hell to the frickin yes Gn No, I still need to finish ES :e_minor: Sure Jan LMAO ~~Leo and Liam~~ :pleb: Fuck this is too accurate :LMFAOdead: https://tenor.com/view/bb17-bb18-bbcan4-gif-5659339 yeah same. this server has just been all mixed messages lately Never mind. Lets just drop it Well I mean, emotions were running the night before and Idek things got sorta kinda out of hand Thats all I can really say People are never clear on the tone of their message and I feel either torn or guilty when receiving the wrong idea Yeah. I say Im observant but Im not THAT observant @Arzaylea bitch respond Sad hours :hawyee: indeed i love you too hoe bish you're already cute they deadass look like they're having seizures sdjklajkljkdghk https://youtu.be/fCWrxcPvtoE its the being folded up like origami for me the miracle of life tets ||ass|| Lu you do have the ability to scroll up right? :mmYea: as semi bad as the entire plot of Korra was, the social issues portrayed in that show were pretty spot on. civil unrest, terrorism, politics, sexuality, discrimination, and yeah even gender roles. me remembering the time Mako's grandmother was so bewildered at how muscular Korra was compared to Asami Asami is so underrated she's Toph and Sokka all rolled up into one  after seeing Mako fail with two women, i lowkey wanted to see him end up with a guy at that point ngl :e_minor: i mean ofc it is what it is rashon has all the emotes under his belt like Fae does :Bbay: all prepped and ready to use at any given moment do it owo fae is kyo's sugar human what are you insinuating with this sentence :caticon: .ud shart oop i had to double check :shyduck: i esp love your Pepe emotes they're a classic Nitro and joining a bunch of other servers that provide said emotes i mean its a good deal money talks is rashon about to be ray's sugar daddy?  i had a sugar mommy in another server November 2020 was a wonderful time :hawyee: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/747001255372521495/775467920108814346/MARIO-1.gif Congrats Ray Join in on the chaos I can still encourage people to join in Let me live my life :e_minor: I wouldnt want to trouble you Kyo I only trouble you because you make it so easy Now that is very cashmoney No thanks Im broke as well Same  ASDFGHJKL :Thanks: REEEEEEEEE https://tenor.com/view/its-been84years-titanic-rose-dawson-gif-5372593 thank you :bingus_blush: @rashon24 XD the line is almost finished :edance: ayo!!! LMAO LU IS MISSING OUT bread is alive again another one of kyo's server moms what a lovely family reunion we just need Lu here but she sleeb :Sleepy: she is indeed for once :rainbow_vibe_cat: ~~i hope this is safe enough~~ nice! :cat_hop: bby :judgeyfroge: Wait why are you pinging me again? I know nothing about Mandarin  Am I missing something? :hmm: Lucky :dogewink: Its usually the cologne for me :MunchlaxMunch: ASDFGHJKL Oh the Asian thing :kek: Ive been spending too much time around my parents whenever theyre in pain so now I say aiiiiyaaahhhh as well whenever Im in pain or just simply stretching :flushedfisheye: Luzilla is chaotic fun :yike: Yay! Nitro Newbies :chickheart: lmao i hated everyone at my high school. i'd personally skip the reunion UNLESS my close group of friends were going my close knit friends were the ones keeping me sane throughout high school. the rest of the student body, i can do without. most of them grew up to become hardcore America-loving conservative weirdos anyhow so i'd stay miles away from them yeah college does that i kid you not, one of my former classmates looks like a whole ass neckbeard now. grew out his facial hair and it hurts just to look at anyway politics aside, friends and classmates tend to grow apart and unfortunately, its part of life even the people we formed tolerance with grow distant from one another people come, people go :sadcatto: :judgeyfroge: shouldnt they be doing a drive-thru graduation like most schools are? you know for the sake of covid restrictions? oof yeah, better safe than sorry .img Elliot Vance Oop then someone else is gonna have to go and get it Reeeee its not loading :kek: Ooh that works @kyo Must protect :uwuu: Fae you are an angel It perfectly fits Elliots moody teenager vibe Love the icon You could ask Bel to put in a background mayhaps Or yeah Rae Were here for you Viv  continue staying strong We need all the hugs and love we can get Not much. There was that sudden migration of Reddit users joining PCF but thats about it Oh yeah and Choices is still dry as hell, as per usual Oh yeah that too Indeed Eww are their lives that boring? :reallybitch: :appalledpepe: my class has yet to begin :samsungfrown: .ud niblings :hmm: i mean Lu has niblings in this context Kyo has literally only said the word "niblings" twice before today well i have the attention span of a gnat so :GWcmeisterPeepoShrug: half the time, i ignore y'all anyway :Bbay: meh i reject your hypothesis :smugdoge: oooo the more you know :judgeyfroge: Ayo Just be sure my body is loaded into a cannon and shot through the Trump casino and were Gucci :pleb: No A hoodie and jeans is fine Anyway Ill probably join after class lmao gm Ayo got my first dose of Pfizer today :peepoYay: Oh really Oop I already have an appointment for next month so No Im pretty sure its for the same one, Pfizer I mean I mightve gotten my info wrong My bad Yes I know Voltra already informed me ASDFGHJKL Imagine :Ravynthink: :elmofire: Yay! Well Ill just be sitting back and watching since Im too lazy to do mods C: Ugh sounds like a lot of work :TiredCat: Modless classic MC for me pls :Bbay: :reallybitch: ^nah this is me :judgeyfroge: oh gross anti-vaxxers people can be dumb i got my vaccine today because its a duty to fulfill, to literally finish this pandemic quicker. im glad i did my part and i feel proud of it exactly. all those anti-vaxxers literally blocking vaccination sites from people who want to get it is just ridiculous. after all, personal choice and all that. just dont shove your own choice down someone else's throats that dont share your sentiments or agenda :eyes_zoom: ayo Lu gonna join the mc family yuh jksladjsdhjsdka we'll have to see what time is good for everyone, stupid timezones :e_minor: :sunglasso: look at fae being humble bitch thats my job gotta pick one or the other kyo kyo's life is the Choices app, you know, back when we were actually given choices except kyo secretly hopes there's a third option that either says "i abstain" or "both" :UmbraEyes: i mean you do you i, as part of mainstream society, had to go through all four years of high school like a wee normal person :e_minor: it was hell i hated every minute of it guess so :Bbay: my high school diploma still sits on my desk so i have that to remind me how far i've come pretty much, i put Rusty's ash box right in front of it so i barely touch it yeah its stupid anti-science people are always sad deep down i have but i havent gotten around to it yet. i really want to tho its a really cool concept. ive seen enough of it on social media to make me cry just one of those things that restore faith in humanity. the ones that cherish their pets are the real OGs cherish Sushi, every single day i wanna keep seeing you two happy (: yes a dog can literally breathe and its enough to make a grown man cry LET HIM LIVE HIS LIFE awie ;sdklaljlfhslajfhlgfl lmao :peepoPopcorn: its the all caps comments for me "mom pick me up, im scared. yeah that family over there are screaming at each other again" :peepoScaredblankie: cool literacy it truly do be like that sometimes ~~Percy Jackson~~ ~~Hunger Games~~ tis a good series ooh ooh ooh Maze Runner series ~~Harry Potter~~ i give up lmao i mean spring here in SoCal is both summer and winter hybird one week it'll be scorching and the next, its all moisture in the air and albeit rainy idk Cali weather can be super wack yeah yeah yeah you get snow LMAO funsies truly, every few months we get at least one deadly and destructive fire or two bc this place is drier than my sense of humor :e_minor: never forget last fall when i would wake up to a morning algebra zoom class while the house is filled with bright orange light due to all the smoke in the sky BASICALLY LDASKLJSDJKDAHKDH and most of the time its caused by human error too and that kiddies, is when the reputation of gender reveal parties got damaged Miss San Andreas just get it over with teehee we gonna sink into the pacific yeah no, always get your pets to safety first and foremost just out of curiosity and this might sound stupid, but has Sushi ever acted out before an earthquake? they say some dogs can detect a quake before it hits o i see Rusty was old but he was non responsive before and during ground shaking he was so unfazed so it got me thinking is all Rusty prolly experienced two earth shakes but thats about it i myself, 3 or 4 ngl i wish i had that energy i mean look at Japan, they're so calm, cool, and collected and they experience way more quakes its the norm for them indeed and Cali's buildings have yet to be quake proofed :e_minor: our infrastructure suuuuuuuucks Coloraedo baby i only went to Mt. Baldy once and it was to go sledding. twas fun i can only ever experience true winter through Sims 3 Seasons :e_minor: at least there i can build snowmen, igloos, snow angels, and have snowball fights oop i've come to like the cold for whatever reason. even as a Californian, i prefer rain over a sunny day :hoopla: mountains over beach tbh we can switch places so you can be closer to kyo dmasdjklasdnasdalsd damn they hate both a blue and red state? wild :WTFthonk: i mean granted, we both do have countless flaws :PES_Think: we do, but our blue counties are more populated gn Kyo ah that makes sense migration gn Rae! enjoy the noms kyo :FrogVroom: ~~Rashon was my sugar daddy~~ :AmongusShy: :petthefrog: Its what we do to Kyo when he rejects our love :PES_LMAO: Nah I had no interest it But I like watching My best friend got me into drag But just watching it lol Yeah Im the type of person who says they like to view something for entertainment but can never do it irl :hoopla: Mood LMAO ASDFGHJKL :forg: :owo: nah its fine Viv its perfectly symmetrical i only have a few ): :petthefrog: :FrogVroom: :judgeyfroge: teehee no its gonna be public no VIP books apart from SB afaik esp if it allows me a GOC MC :pepeCry: mood Voltra expensive :pain: ye be smart with your bread cant be spending them on mobile games willy nilly :e_minor: probably Viv's biological clock is at it again this reminds me of the dream you talked about sksksksksk giving birth to frog children djklakdjkswhkghfgf :aPES_Laugh: gl lu Woof :MunchlaxMunch: Not the server owner being lectured by her own staff :hoopla: Oh god not the TNA icon :NiaPanic: For Android users :e_minor: Apple users got this :laugh: Not sexy Its heteronormative :jebus: Too late for that. I came out to them years ago LMAO So no point in hiding  Could never be me :judgeyfroge: Maam Youre a married woman Mood Youre married to Lu and you have a child with her Smh Im still single as pringles because Im too ugly and no one loves me :e_minor: M!tree But at least I have siblings :this_is_fine: Huh Oop Anybody but Poppy https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-patrick-star-wash-your-hands-dont-touch-me-im-sterile-gif-16795341 Lu as a nurse Poppy hell nah  Sure Jan @Andromeda pick me up Im scared Poppy can kick rocks Made him see Jesus :kek: Accurate :kek: We argue like an old married couple constantly :this_is_fine: Question is which ones which :hmm: Oop :e_minor: You didnt order anything? :judgeyfroge: Oh boy, call the FBI Scammers :e_minor: Ive never gotten anything like that luckily gl *casually pings Kyo* Oh hush And take your quiz Maggot Bite me bitch :ferretoblush: Same with my brother but hes in a different room and the walls are thin :hoopla: Aww I was happy be called queen for once :hawyee: Big Bad Drew :kek: You see peasant Because I am one Stfu WAIT WAIT WAIT I STILL HAVE THE SCREENSHOT ASDFGHJKL :judgeyfroge: :kek: :kek: Ok but Wet? O God Lu you were making me think it was actually dunked into water :hoopla: :eeveeconcern: Wet like that Oop :aPES_Think: I havent had a burrito since 5th grade Lmao Yes its usually only the odd numbered problems in the answer key Goodbye Kyo Go do your work America can learn a thing or two from this character  Dis u? Jkjk Oh then we definitely stan :peepoCoronaMask: Not me Ill tell it over in DMs lol why is Rhoda talking to me Oop Smh Viv  *sigh* man y'all are something :e_minor: :Facepalm: lmao the plot thickens nah we just found out that a few of us are gonna be busy the next day so no vc bc early bedtimes and such and work era school, jobs, all that jazz :e_minor: valid oop uwu capitalism :smiledoge: :peepoCirclespin: *sigh* i just assumed it was cancelled bc y'all have to sleep for work tomorrow :e_minor: oh wait wrong person sdlkaqfklshfsfjl :e_minor: yeah yeah yeah bite me gnarly https://tenor.com/view/back-to-school-countdown-countdown-final-gif-12314738 Lu just had a braen blast Colonel Sanders approves this message wood  that would be incest according to the family tree :eyez: m!tree :judgeyfroge: hmm :judgeyfroge: sad sleepy o i can never have that much photo storage :e_minor: @azula Tony wanna catch up bish uh you mean Viv? :WTFthonk: oooo  :bigmood: oop nope not until Tuesday in an hour or so, i gtg eat dinner :pleb: Shes very passionate about food And whenever shes talking about SB itself, its to rant about the fusion stuff Personally I was raised in a middle class setting so I really couldnt care less about how food looks or is presented in a formal manner. Gimme homemade pho, rice or even fast food from a local In-N-Out burger and im a happy camper what is it? i love it Viv you have to get Danny DeVito this outfit the yellow really just screams :bestinshow: ***best in show*** we're all taller than Danny LOL im even taller than you Viv :davidsmirk: what fae said. we're not sure when its coming exactly but its a possibility its coming the same month as LoA :e_minor: Viv, just straight up aspire to be like the cabbage man from ATLA and scream MY FORGS every time someone destroys your cart that you use to travel the world :forg: YES :e_minor: I see no wrong  You can do it Lu :aPES_PooPooCheer: Cheer emote :pleb: Who says I cant be Lus cheerleader from the toilet :dogewink: You shouldve been there when Rashon was becoming everyones sugar daddy :MunchlaxMunch: :kek: Yes? Nah sorry Ooh theyre all forms of indie and pop tho so it might be my thing oh no Viv has nitro now its officially all over for us hoes :vibe_cat: btw ive forgotten what today is you guys. happy 4/20  :roblox_dance: :judgeyfroge: :HuH: indeed lets stop before Kyo yeets us https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/747001255372521495/775467920108814346/MARIO-1.gif yeah Viv GAWD because it is 4/20 Weed Day slee https://tenor.com/view/no-promises-avatar-the-legend-of-korra-tlok-jinora-gif-17438805 :Bbay: :emotes: :pUwu: :PES_GayFlag: :peepoHoodieShrek: :peepoHappyhug: hang in there Lu :blobhuglove: :KnifeKirby: oop server outage wishful thinking https://tenor.com/view/why-not-both-why-not-take-both-gif-11478682 did you step on the pressure plate thus igniting all the TNT? oop i got my temples mixed up i found some foxes in my solo world and they're so friggin cute gnarly cool Philly cheesesteaks are good :DogeLick: :pAyoo: :hmm: @Andromeda ayo confirm *sigh* Viv sdjkajlsahkfsghdk my brain was never meant to be bilingual :e_minor: COLONIZER I'M- only the winners write history :hawyee: not yet :kek: :9283_babyyodapod: my love language is looking down at my feet raunchy shit can be good shit nah im just shy :judgeyfroge: :e_minor: dflslafhsdfhslj fight fight fight :MunchlaxMunch: go fuck a cactus uwu its a cactus Lu :peepoFatBonk: fuck off :eyez: Viv, you're gonna take that? tit battle Battle of the Boobs :kek: Lu said you dont have tits :e_minor: the image hasnt even loaded for me sad Ruby and Max square up Lu its not even bad pathetic imagine not wanting an image of Ruby, couldnt be me :e_minor: how about no  now sit down, and let me live my life :Bbay: ~~sitting on that pp~~ but whats wrong with 3D cats ): KEVIN NGUYEN I SAW THAT @Priyudi COME ON OUT BISH @Priyudi jkjk ily i'll let you get back to your lurking bc PB wants us to buy keys :e_minor: UGH I PINGED THE WRONG PERSON JK;LJSKLFKLSDJLFJSDF PB WANTS US TO BUY KEYS there BITCH I AM THE MISTAKE  yeah yeah i hate you too BSC then why bother listing that suggestion? :e_minor: *sigh* fine do what you want its just my guilty pleasure is all :shyduck: tis my Brokeback Mountain fantasy oop yeehaw :hawyee: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/442871529592717323/794482759195951104/image0.gif there is a wedding book Book 3 is literally a wedding book nope and i was fine with it, BSC not getting a wedding book ye its an epilogue no wedding was shown ye Sawyer bc white men are also my guilty pleasure :e_minor: Dallas actually isnt *that* sidelined just a smidge that is a true fact wahmen :womanly_smile: PB only cares for their straight female fans go ahead have fun feel free lol :peepoPoggers: coming in clutch queen shit ily :hug: rip i swear Kyo, you die at least once from falling into lava in any mc server https://tenor.com/view/lava-minecraft-gaming-gamer-cat-gif-19690390 oh look i found kyo lsdahdhkasfg :kek: :macandcheese: how about mac n cheese viv can live vivcariously through kyo since she misses school hurrah that depends, do you have pores? are you transparent? can people see right through you?  tiny and blue emotionally all the time, sounds about right that too when you get bamboozled by the amusing sounding title really be having them sweet dreams @Andromeda pls say this over VC, thank you @rashon24 i was really hoping to see the philly cheesesteak too :sadbear: its been 84 years since i last had one when is she NOT drinking :e_minor: :NM_SkeletonDance: Fork Occasionally a spoon Lu cant handle the fact that me and her wife are besties :Bbay: *sigh* Fuck you and all your live laugh love crap And youre an annoying ass skank. What of it? Yours does not Fuck the law The law is a suggestion :Bbay: She started it Kiss my ass whore :reee: Imagine being white Couldnt be me ASDFGHJKL Shes always out and about, its an atrocity Facts Lu go back to the lu-ny bin from which you crawled out of :jebus: ~~Man Im the only morning person here~~ Eww Im unique Its night for me oof Tbf my class doesnt start until 10:30 on Tuesdays LMFAO Noon on Thursdays I actually have :e_minor: Its kinda awful Especially with the bright ass California sun Its only 7 AM for me thats early Used to be 6 AM back when I was in high school Because the bitch ass school bus comes to my neighborhood just before 7 AM :e_minor: I didnt mind the school bus but Im glad I dont have to wake up early for it anymore The most satisfying thing is whenever you do sleep early and on time and you end up waking at 1 or 2 AM, youre so relieved you can lie back down You know because of a dream or sum Fear me hoe With the strength from the lord Also because I have asian parents The minute they see me awake, they gimme a pile ass of laundry to do And Im guessing youre on your hundredth bed at this point? IKEA must love you Oof Fair I havent been to an ikea in so long Not since me and my brother used to have a bunk bed I miss the bunk bed ): Did I not tell you guys??? REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Well I have a younger brother Three years younger than me Vincent Hes the one my parents are pinning all their hopes on now :kek: Im the disappointment child theyve given up on :Bbay: L Wassup Shes aight Wildest Dreams is occasionally in my head  Gn! STANDING IN A NICE DRESS STARING AT THE SUNSET BABE SAY YOULL SEE ME AGAIN EVEN IF ITS JUST IN YOUR WILDEST DREAMS Love love love it :NM_DogDance: Samesies lucky :sadness: ~~guess that means im immune~~ :aPES_Party: :laugh: what a great way to shorten a class name obviously the school knew what they were doing when designing that website yikes Morning Metta Hell yes :DogeLick: :Bbay: Ayo PCF irl meetup Were hunting down Kyos address so we can kidnap him and force him to accept Lus motherly love Spiritually, Lu will extract the address from Raes memory And Ill drive down there You forget Kyo, I know your irl full name. I can easily track you down with the right resources :smart: Its only a matter of time :angelbutevil: That depends Singling me out again I see how it is Listen Lus threats are more physical than mine Im just offering the technological pieces to the puzzle Yes but with our braens combined, we can accomplish anything :5134_Cursed_Cat: Lu and I can bury the hatchet if we wanted to. All we need is one common goal to be an unstoppable duo :spongebob: :kittyblushe: Truth be told, I could go either way :MunchlaxMunch: Bold of you to assume that would scare me. I would kindly allow you to yeet me from existence :this_is_fine: Psssh its only 10:11 on the west coast. Its still early :pleb: Your doom and gloom is rubbing off on me Nah midnight for the Midwest maybe Its a cycle Parents keep telling me were lucky to be here but then I grow up and I realize nah were not THAT lucky I love that kid Bitch college doesnt deserve the kid :kek: Kids say the darndest things Are you and mom related? You have the same last name so Im assuming :hoopla: Hoo boy :MunchlaxMunch: Oh goodie https://tenor.com/view/sweet-home-alabama-memes-gif-17259207 Lmao I thought I was the only one whose life is so boring enough to search for old childhood friends on the internet ~~I mean I found two of them but their accounts have been inactive for the last few years~~ :this_is_fine: Free real estate This sounds great without context :hmm: :dogeheart: Rip Maybe later Also gn Lu I so wanna be there when it happens :MunchlaxMunch: Watch Lu pull a Kyo and die in lava before night even approaches That is a true fact Me remembering Kyo would murder Bel just for tea bagging him ASDFGHJKL The lava death is a rite of passage :kek: :Belt: :uwuclown: :reee: :pandapopcorn: Modernly Chaotic Family gn fae! i already have a parent tho :shyduck: gn kyo for sure esp looking forward to seeing Lu for the first time Lu joining in on the chaotic fray with Fae possibly tagging along indeed gn is it serious? ooh so hopefully no need for a vet visit ye keep the bad germs/bacteria out of there any foreign objects, really it would appear so; bandages just for dogs https://www.petco.com/shop/en/petcostore/category/dog/dog-health-and-wellness/dog-first-aid/dog-bandages PetCo stuff prolly best to use doggo friendly bandages just to be safe but eh maybe human bandages work just as well? "You should never attempt to use bandages marketed for human use (often called Band-Aids), Neosporin, or any type of liquid bandage on a pets injury. Scrapes, cuts, lacerations, broken nails, and bites are often the most common types of injuries your pet will struggle with, especially if you own a dog thats prone to getting in fights." o nvm :PES_Hmmm: indeedo gn for the hundreth time now lmao meh later :pAyoo: I always thought she put it there herself LMAO OH LU Use the :this: emote and show Viv the funny coincidence @azula its pointing at her ass :dogewink: :aPES_HuggingEggplant: ASDFGHJKL ? today dammit :hawyee: no more vibe checks from Kyo's wee fee :pray: yay just tell your dad to ask your brother since he's the one controlling the weefee and all :e_minor: oop gotta get that homework done asap so that we can watch Lu die in lava the millisecond we land in the server :dogdance: Same tho Lmao I dont speak sports either :kek: :frogishocked: Was it that loud? Hoo boy A poop story Spoilerland as an introduction channel Why hasnt PCF gotten one :e_minor: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Womp womp Welcome @FraternalGemini Love the username When does the police come into play? :e_minor: Ah there it is Was his name-o I like how Kyo is more concerned about the phone than the dog Fantabulous story Understandable too. Id scream too if my dogs poop was spreading throughout the house Lmao Nice! Lol its fine New members usually dont type up an essay of an intro We did used to ask favorite book and LI. Short sweet and to the point Olivia and Sienna :e_minor: :e_minor: Oooo Im indecisive and Im a Virgo :hoopla: https://tenor.com/view/key-and-peele-comedy-central-keegan-aaron-skit-gif-4842542 O P T I O N S Favorite VOS
Least favorite: HSS:CA Im Virgo vermin LMAO WRONG PING :hoopla: NOT THE LONG NECK ETHAN EMOTE :kek: Yup! Just ask for the 18+ role Astrology is a valid subject :e_minor: :e_minor: Ayo good luck with your studies Merica LU IS SO SHORT ASDFGHJKL I always feel like if I ever met you guys irl, I would probably likely tower over you :e_minor: even tho Im not even that tall JAX Hes got the arms and the height Yes Ngl Understandable :Bbay: Hes a himbo I most certainly am Like big armed himbos can pls crush me with them :e_minor: Mood I mean hes attractive. Not much else to it sksksksksksksks Aww Cute! Uh that kinda does the opposite of what you intended to do LMAO Long Legs :aPES_WowLegs: Same energy Nah :pleb: The day we meet irl is the day all hell will break loose :CharmanderHi: :hannahgay: yes hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :peepoMinecraft: same lmao k;dsfajldfahsklfs Lu you're slower than me today :kek: its the pettiness for me https://tenor.com/view/a-little-bit-bitchy-you-bitch-bitch-little-bitch-teased-gif-15854935 way too far bitch kk :NM_DoggyDance: i mean you do you should be inch resting inb4 drunk texting i actually heard the song in this comment sdjklajjdflj and i'll be drinking......water LITERALLY THAT ayo welcome back from the stone age kk :02shrug: Always Viv :PepeHug: :HappyBoi: If its whining, its most likely dreaming. At least from my experience Nightmares I mean usually i wake them up just to reassure them that they'll be okay and then he'll just go back to sleep. im THAT kind of dog parent what a considerate doggo could just be a funny feeling but yeah the vaccine feels like that you barely feel it i got to do mine at a drive-thru vaccine site hella convenient which one did you get again Kyo? Heres a thing I got after the Pfizer vaccine. Follow it word for word and hopefully you can manage side affects should they exist or occur. I think it applies to all vaccines regardless of the brand name Some close ups if dont feel like zooming in its not embarrassing, its a valid fear but it is necessary i used to scream and cry like a demon when getting shots growing up but for me, i grew out of that fear ik not everyone's the same but you'll manage its understandable if you're more comfortable with someone you're so familar with and a "thank you" can go a long way. frontline workers do what they do for a reason indeed ;askdlfhsadkjgfsdklaf Kyo dont you want your walls to be cultured? its Momo for me ayo we're the one with Hollywood lmao :frogishocked: :MunchlaxMunch: :peepoEatpopcorn: l;sdalkdjwkeljhsd damn this new episode of Modern Family is hella lit yes and it stars Lu, Andromeda, and their lovely child Fae :MunchlaxMunch: B99 is a good one :sunglasses_cat: its just for fun Kyo no longer undeclared pretty soon soon :EYES: what? a word oooo medicine hey, im not THAT clingy to Uberbot LMAO ~~all the time~~ besides y'all been knew im the dumbest Asian to walk the earth it just amazes me how you're still so surprised about it my attention span is shorter than Viv's height :e_minor: maybe on Jupiter :Bbay: fax, no printer aww damn dont do Viv dirty like that she and Lu will start locking horns :PensivePeach: Ayo thats me :uwuclown: but without the star athlete and job THE DRAFTS Shes a nurse I mean all nurses have medical knowledge Thats the idea lol Having an e-child ASDFGHJKL yum Its the motherly instincts for me :drum_xd: Trade with meeeeeeeeeeeee Aww cute! :heheboy: Speaking of course :kek: :kek: ASDFGHJKL Rae has thoughts but is too shy to share :hawyee: Yes the one where Wendy had a daughter That was teary eye worthy, yes Personally I thought the sequel lived up to the first movie The music was modern but pretty Good shit, good shit Oh lawd I forgot there was a second movie for that one Idk who that is  .img Kovu Oooohhhhhh New lion character Noice Pro tip: Uberbot is fun to play around with. So expect in the near future that when three different people say the exact same word or phrase, hell come out to repeat it a fourth time  Not me I have to travel by freeway just to get there OWO Yo Metta, both of those are lit Eugh Capitalism baby Yo can I just say, they really didnt need to revamp the Hollywood Horror tower to turn it into that legend of the guardian thing or whatever ASDFGHJKL YES I APPROVE TADASHI CAN GET IT ITS HIS HUSKY VOICE FOR ME k;sdflahkfssfjlsd .img Tadashi Hamada love him ma'am you good? is u a furry :hmm: LMAO well then by that logic it would take her an entire Antarctic Expedition just to mount that man nbsdal;hdflh;sfsld oh my Asian men can get it good bot MANS HE CONFIRMED MY HOMO .img Beck Oliver Beck was so hot even the men throughout the show were simping for his luscious locks TRULY lol we been knew yup deadass their couple tendencies were more genuine on The Slap than on the show i personally shipped Tori with Andre eh true but best friend romance trope whats sadder was when Cat and Robbie werent given a chance on the show there were flirts but that was it yeah i can see that ugh Victorious deserved a proper conclusion literally in a way but not by much they were both so incompatible the one thing they had in common is that they usually always wore black djk;sahlfhls;dj he was whipped bc he was afraid of Jade idk sometimes opposites attract lets just agree that the two actually deserved each other BECAUSE they were toxic in their own ways LITERALLY not to mention daddy issues truth be told Dan Schneider does NOT know how to write romance arcs. both iCarly and Victorious romance stories were just bad ^^ im glad Nickelodean dropped his ass eugh the teens in his show were just written weird, barely even human Jade doesnt admit it but she truly had a soft spot for Cat AND JOSH BECOME HOT facts old Disney had no filter i just have that feeling the reboot wont last more than one season yikes Dan Schneider loves to write problematic characters and we were too young and easily amused to see it Selena Gomez should do more acting. she's so great at it her earlier stuff was good imho ive never heard her live, maybe thats why yeah i can already hear the problem and it hasnt even been a minute into the video b dasl;FHJODA;FDLA yes indeed if given a chance, she should do more acting https://tenor.com/view/wizards-of-waverly-place-selena-gomez-alex-russo-be-queen-i-should-be-queen-gif-6238509 Taylor Swift? i can see your point im not a diehard stan but Wildest Dreams still gets to me and occasionally Style ljjHDJFK;JJSDFL;AJSFD;SDJA all these singers have that one good thing but missing a puzzle piece :yay: happy for you Fae! average, hbu? nice! hey, watch what you want with all the stay-at-home orders, you got all the time in the world oop its her inner Jade West O honestly im surrounded by idiots most of the time, at home and on the internet the fact that my internal anger is higher than my external :e_minor: :hmm: considering how much you insult people on here, im surprised it isnt higher LMAO IM PETTY AND BITTER AF true Rae achieving inner peace FAE OML YOU'RE TOO PRECIOUS sdjklfahnfsdfhsdfnjl I'm Po but without the badass karate my internal anger is high bc while i try and suppress my emotions, my resting bitch face clearly shows and my parents take note of it. they know when they piss me off its the fact that i inherited my hotheadedness from MY PARENTS you need a hug  the hostility checks out ;sdjkadflfsd hey if y'all are neighbors, you're bound to share something in common like neighbors from across a white picket slightly damaged fence my lowest is my external anger oop god my high school self YOU BETTER MOVE YOU BETTER DANCE Anyways dammit ldjkaJFSAF im laughing at "have a small treat" you usually demand ALL the food hahahahhahahahhaa "ABG Nearby Who Wants to Meet You" JESUS ANDRO i must officially fear your wrath its why we're besties we bitch about our problems through DMs kasjdL;FHSDLKJFS :kek: when me and Lu are not arguing like an old hetero married couple, Andro takes the turn for the old lesbian married couple i ship both dragon here, but i dont feel like one  true chiz Appa Protection Squad :elmofire: wrong episode k;dfslk;jafsdhdfldsfd ay the one on the street corner offering her services in mystical arts lucky! :NM_DogDance: lmao People born under the dragon today are best characterized by their intellect. They are capable and charismatic, confident and intelligent, and are always dreaming about the next thing they want to do, but also about completing what is right in front of them. The dominance dragon personality exerts in their personal lives gives them a unique view of the world and helps them find their own path in life unrestricted by barriers of culture and knowledge. Dragons dream big and execute their goals, but sometimes they can fall prey to the charm of their own personality and become aggressive, overconfident, and fail to accept criticism from their peers and life partners. Without a doubt, the biggest enemy a dragon can have among Chinese Zodiac signs is his own self, as the overuse of their qualities can make them incapable of following a straight path in pursuit of their dreams. -LMAO NOTHING ABOUT THIS IS ME its ok, its all wrong about me anyway lmao shouldve just copied and pasted the first few sentences fanboy in my case but thats accurate enough for me me with Sims and Minecraft :e_minor: Madness my friend Is that a threat or a promise I see no wrong with this statement :jebus: Im taking that as a promise I dont use Reddit anymore :e_minor: CANT YALL SEE THAT YOUR FIGHTING IS TEARING THIS ALREADY DYSFUNCTIONAL FAMILY APART Nah thanks Ill let you take the wheel I AM A WHITE WOMAN VC?  O Ugh I hate myself lmao Kk Have some good fries owo #multimedia-shabang for that discussion evening heyo fine nice :pleb: sometimes if i get in the habit of scratching them repeatedly yes that or first thing in the morning prolly getting ready for bed as we speak indeed is precious boi yeah makes sense the pain will be there for a couple more days or so might depend on the vaccine receiver :e_minor: my pain lasted only a day or two. somehow my immune system is that resilient? :hmm: it took me a while to figure out you were referencing to our illustrious wildfires :kek: :dogdance: Bing Bong all im hearing is "Rae, doordash Kyo" i dont have work yet :PES_Clown: yikes thats dumb men need to get their heads out of their asses and realize that cooking is not a gendered role. its a basic life skill :NM_HardDance: fuck toxic masculinity :flushBlush: probably but they're not common in the average household at least in the homes i've visited my dad had installed two toilets in our house that sorta kinda doubles as a bidet there's a feature that sprays water right up into our bootyholes my preschool aged cousin refers to it as the "magic toilet" whenever she comes to visit and wants to use it k;sdjajLDHD yes mhm effective and achieves peak hygiene oop :THANOS_BREAD: no :HibikiSmile: hey, Cs get degrees :02shrug: gn Kyo gl Kyo :NM_HenryDance: WHY MUST YOU GIMME A NOSEBLEED AT 9:40 IN THE MORNING https://tenor.com/view/nosebleed-thumbsup-gif-8882037 the Gaysian in me is SCREAMING rn OWO ~~i mean look at Jax?~~ jklsdaHDHFKSDHKLFJ oh yeah true lmao im turning 21 later this year, he's older than me still :e_minor: im the middle aged baby of this server Kyo is like baby baby .ud waipipo reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee JKL;SDFAJLKJKLSDFHA oh shit i forgot LMAO skskskskskskskskskskskskksksksks guess it depends on the gene pool of someone https://tenor.com/view/dorito-crisp-shine-chip-gif-12818097 i like America's ass bubble butt energy he could easily rest his chin on top of your head romantic lmao oop i want a mountain bf :shyduck: i just like owning up to my submissive ass self lmao i so want that someday :e_minor: :pleading_taco: bdkas;kfjjf;afklgf;sgjk;f oop no Jax is what we call Viv's irl bf lmao :kek: men the himbo is strong with that one :e_minor: :NM_peepoWTF: young grasshopper ye i watched a behind-the-scenes for ATLA. very professional of the show creators to bring in experts for the sake of animation accuracy the fight scenes are more authentic oooooo defo inch resting i see myself as either earth or water lmao fuck my zoom class for being at the same time as LOA :e_minor: THM male faces and ILB female faces well yeah QB faces were the ILB faces XD anyway have fun y'all it'll be on the list probably Laws of Attraction, a lawyer book And hey God, long time no talk *sigh* fine Long time no see Happy? :Bbay: Ily more :uwu: Yes Lame :NoU: Cool as a cu*cum*ber ~~harder daddy~~ :flushBlush: I defy your custom status :aPES_HuggingEggplant: Aww how kind and courteous of you But it still wont stop my wrath :angelbutevil: uwu loyalty at its finest Throwback to Rusty era yes stan him or else ye i miss him so much and i wanna remember the happy times i've had with him :Duffyevil: https://tenor.com/view/evil-spongebob-gif-6081957 wow the more you know no silly, November is OBVIOUSLY the name of a small town consisting of hovels on the small island nation of My AssLandia :Bbay: knowledge hurts with great power comes great responsibility responsibility is gross :judgeyfroge: indeed im just watching youtube videos atm sleep good luck Bots are people too Good bot Good bot Probably not tbh Might depend on how much chemistry I have with them :hoopla: Lord grant me the strength if I ever crush on a guy named Peter or Vincent :e_minor: True Even so Im used to those names being related to me Its funny tho because Andrew is a common name and I met an Andrew on a dating app :kek: My name is Andrew so we just laughed about it My parents claimed it was just simply easier to remember Nah not anymore, not as much anyways So many weirdos out there :e_minor: Ah yes I had that as my custom status at one point. GTA: San Andreas is a classic Characters and story and all F Honestly with the pandemic and quarantine and stay-at-home orders, time is meaningless to me for a while now That is true My dog passed away a few months into the pandemic so maybe thats why I stopped caring about time Way back when the world was as normal as it could be, I definitely cherished every moment I had with my son Car rides with him, music, binge watching, taking him to visit relatives, all that jazz Ofc, I wont be replacing him. Just making more room in my heart and in my life for another kind and loving furry soul They dont like to admit it but they were emotionally distraught after that day. They dont want to be emotionally attached to a dog ever again. Its why I prefer waiting to become independent to get another dog No theyve made it very clear, no more Like said to my face with a serious expression, no more dogs Yeah they just process grief way different than me They dont usually want to go anywhere I wanna go anyway. So I doubt theyd ever want to fall in love with another dog ever again. Stubborn Viet parents, always and forever Truth be told, if I cant even change their opinion on gay people, then whats even the point. It was my coming out when I realized theyre just stuck in their old ways. I just have to live with it. Its honestly exhausting trying to convince them of something I think is good but theyve been raised way differently than what I learned for myself I know I should feel obligated to try a bit harder to change their minds but if they still refuse to acknowledge my mindset, I just cant be bothered and leave them alone I wanna believe its that easy, to just up and open their eyes to the world from my POV Man the struggles are absolutely real :e_minor: Amazing name :bongocat: OMG SMOL BABY :bestinshow: ahhhh they're so cute Oop Anyway have some Rusty since i missed out on pet multimedia sharing  Fox fur baby Indeed :dogeheart: Viv would rather have men simp for her all the while simp for women. Its a cycle :Bbay:  Anyway if yall eventually get tired of men, just throw them my way :pleb: Men honestly need a whole reset button. Like spam the refresh That way, we can fix everything thats wrong with them :e_minor: Its why fictional characters will always be better than people Men hate bidets because the very idea of their hands or someone elses hands going near that area damages their fragile ego Not to mention. Water Manly men need a whole ass repair kit because theres something seriously wrong with them My dad is actually one of the few that actually cares about proper hygiene, thank god Its a mystery Fellas is it gay to be clean Im already uncomfortable around people to begin with and the very idea of rooming with someone whos not a close friend of mine frightens me Probably to save space and money wdym? what arrow? on someone's post or their story? well i never had to deal with an arrow, i just simply swipe and it lets me ayo the ES doctor oh yeah defo. the Sean drama was lowkey annoying but as the story progresses and if you get her to like you, she's just an amazing person oop save money, live better *Walmart* :pleb: rood LMAOOOOOO i love that emote rashon sure why the hell not :Bbay: :sneakyhug: i spy a forg and sushi CUTE :peepoCute: ooh those are good  Whats up REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Bitch I aint Flynn Ryder About this? LMAO I mean :hmm: I just dont have anything to add on to that soap comment XD :aPES_Think: *rashon coming to the front of the weather map purposely wearing green* Ok now I think Rashon is sleeping lol Which means I should be too :Bbay: Gn all whats up morning :NM_Wave: croissant  its my go-to breakfast food and im not ashamed nah just plain old regular croissant, i dont put anything too fancy in it im boring like that :comfycat: sakskskskskskskkskskssksksksksk ngl tho, a choco croissant sounds lit sounds very rich people food but still good hell yes Costco croissants are *chef's kiss* Sushi committed a photobomb :smugdoge: Sushi slick Peep :aPES_GoldShine: :kek: @azula pls change Kyo's name to Kyhoe dont care. its still relevant to this day :pepesmug: Yes :PES_HyperReee: Its fine. Hey Tony! We all have something going in our lives What happened? Wtf And no reason given Thats dumb :hawyee: Get it Do it :aPES_Cheering: Aww .img Will Ferrell O I can kinda see it :hmm: Idek anymore Im tired :e_minor: LMAO :NM_Panik: :belt: Like Fae and Rashon, I must provide the proper emote :Bbay: Oh wtf LMFAOOOOOOO I JUST NOTICED IT :kek: Imma bet this was Kyos revenge for me trying to convince Viv to change HIS name to Kyhoe ASDFGHJKL I aint mad tho Its punny Nah I just have the attention span of a doorknob Lmao April Fools over in Spoilerland was the best Spoilerland switched the first letter of their names while PCF did upside down text Oh yeah all the missing channels. I remember it well It took nearly a week to figure out there were like five more channels missing that yall forgot XD :hmm: Welp Aww thank you :bestinshow: :Bbay: lakers are basketball even as a non sports person, i know that xd huh? oh i actually dont keep up with RuPaul *that* much XD RuPaul's Drag Race i just know that it exists, i dont keep up with it LMAO :dogeheart: love the message how about you both sleep also hi Lu :Wave: :YellingWoman: Ayo Rusty had to get shaved too His fur was matted when I first got him he kept shivering every day until it all grew back  yeah xd Rashon bringing Christmas early LMAO lucky ass oh wait not hers im dumb i thought you said *her* number im sleepy like i'd want your number :jebus: ikr what a concept im good thanks you can go first tho :smugdoge: that'll show that leech :smiledoge: major interest gn slee God not again. Please take care of yourself! Ily  :PES_SadHug: girl good luck. fingers crossed for a negative result :thinked: owa owa :Welcome: owa sup Vivs :EYES: lmao they do look pretty tho you WOULD see that Andro JKLAD;DF;HSFLAJH :NM_PepeDick: sometimes my mom still thinks an owl landing on top of our house will bring bad luck jkl;sdajfjdjfhasfjhgjf one of few Viet superstitions i know of here are some more wack ones: No haircuts before exams otherwise "memory loss" and Bike Helmets prevent childrens brains from growing :NM_WTF: kinda creepy tho when imaginary friends are considered "taboo" :e_minor: :NM_PepeFeelsWeirdMan: :eyeshake: :prayjesus: i mean its a bit overly dramatic ish but otherwise kinda? it is still cool to learn what other people and their cultures believe in, regarding tall tales and urban legends ~~my favorite number happens to be 4~~ :thinkspin: god when humans try to control their birth due dates :concernedStare: HOE TELL US AMERICA EGGS BLAIN d;kasjfldfhgsdfjlS aww thats sentimental lmao your aunt would hate me since my birthday is on a 24th :kek: well not rn LMAO ugh clout chasers.... FUCK OFF the day i record a video for all of the internet to hear my disgustang ass voice is the day Hell will freeze over yeah but then i become self aware and i hear myself talk and i cringe and die on the inside :hoopla: i havent completely accepted it yet, but i 98% sound like James Charles and i wanna rip out my own vocal cords :pepehandsup: sad @faede skank but back to this, yes indeed. kids are not objects to be put on display for their looks i mean they arent wrong it honestly bewilders my mind whenever people have kids just because they're cute but wont go the full way to make them happy on their own terms this is true, my dad still keeps my home videos of me when i was a toddler but they're on our VCR (yes we still have one) and we can just watch them at home instead of needlessly sharing them on the interwebs casual child exploitation wait what? LINK PLS what the actual fuck gross ugh thats just awful the double standards i literally have never heard of the name Huxley since the video game Call of Duty 3, some character was named Huxley some people just dont deserve to be parents i wonder if all these irresponsible parents are the reason adoption is expensive or it has always been expensive ugh why arent we cancelling the people that actually deserve it petri dish baby :e_minor: im wondering which is more traumatic tho, leaving the kids to stay in foster homes, or adopting them to begin with when family outings become scripted. what a concept aww thats good, be one of the few good ones that exist in the world awie yeah even then, people still feel the need to have their kids look exactly like them "for the sake of a pure and continuous bloodline" i see i see The fact that a logical and responsible person understands it is hard being a parent and takes it seriously is just a sign they would be a good parent.  It is those people that say they want 10 kids and have no plan on how to take of them that you have to watch out for. like cool, big family achieved, but are you willing to go through the long haul? yes sex education is seriously seriously important it boggles my mind how some educators are so hesitant and overly sensitive to teach all that very *essential* info to the youth. like no time is perfect. might as well do it ahead of time exactly truly. like we already have limited resources as it is thats shit reasoning why cant men also learn this stuff so they can actually learn and be morally sensitive and knowledgable then its up to the dad to do some hard research put in all the effort absolutely nothing wrong with men learning about women's hygeine yeah its usually the fault of the parents and/or the educators themselves school district truly ugh and it always stems back to the lack of assistance from the parents. its their responsibility to teach whats right and wrong. now we have men dumbing down their own boys and like Kyo said, schools should also play a role in that area parents and schools working together to teach both boys and girls about the full extent of health can go a long way usually clashing, yeah :this_is_fine: so laziness then   like back and forth "no you do it" my parents never gave me the sex talk either. instead they had to sign a permission slip just for me to watch a "Miracle of Birth" video in 7th grade science class :e_minor: it was uh informative to say the least :this_is_fine: it was at that moment im glad im gay lmao wusses i like to stay far away from the ||va-jay-jay|| as much as possible :pleb: we'd love to see it brave soldier tis a joke Kyo its a fun way of saying it (: like ||peen|| ;sdlakljDFHSDJK Its me Im the joke Wait is this the civil war one?  Oh wait youre not Rashon :kek: :kek: Both your names are Shadow Court ASDFGHJKL Its me but not drunk Ok now I get it LMAO  Theres the hint :kek: ASDFGHJKL Oop :judgeyfroge: America yo :pleb: Lemme check me shedule :e_minor: Its woke Twitter and TikTok :kek: Yeah no To me Hmm I switch between the two every now and then personally Lmao Not kyo getting it wrong the first time Gray Christian Gray will see you now :Bbay: Mood simple as that huh? 40 minutes past midnight tis time for bed :peepoSleepBed: im literally just waiting for my brother to turn off the light in the bedroom bc we have to share a room :e_minor: yup :this_is_fine: lol its fine really. he'll be off to college soon so who knows three years younger than me mhm same its funny, we used to be at each other throats growing up but now we just simply tolerate each other. i let him do his own thing and he lets me do my own thing. we simply coexist without being neither distant nor close as siblings. its kinda weird but im ok with it. im genuinely happy for him about college not to mention the fact that my parents are pinning all their hopes on him now so i also feel bad for him lol truly, we have our ups and downs lol thats valid i got along with my younger cousins until a few of them grew distant. now i only talk to like four of them left bc we just get along so well there used to be more than four but their political affiliation did not align with mine or the fact that they grew up to be selfish and spoiled my older cousins are all academics so i feel so out of place just standing next to them hence why im the cousin that never shows up to family reunions anymore LMAO even before the pandemic, i just didnt bother anymore the fun times are now in the past also valid, we're all different yikes but yeah i still love the idea of having cousins i can still talk to, even tho the number had steadily decreased over the years ayo same @Asian Squad ayo you guys happy first day! This month is all about us. Please continue staying safe and healthy during these troubled times and never ever feel ashamed about where you and your family came from :rainbowhearts: :peepoYay: when Kyo forgets to nom, it upsets his mom when sonny hasnt eaten, mommy ends up screechin when a child forgets lunch, mother gets sad a bunch :Bbay: Henlo Tony Average as per usual, hbu? Maintaining a fandom will do that to you, I can imagine xd Noted :PES_Think: hahahahahahaha i have jury duty ugh adulting :e_minor:  biiiiiiiish, adulting milestones for the *both* of us :e_minor: :mild_panic: yessir i have. my first time voting was during the midterm elections back in 2019 and i also voted during the 2020 presidential election :confuseddog: :e_minor: :NM_SpongeBob: :evilpatrick: anyway i just looked it up. apparently its a common jury duty myth. some other factors actually contribute to the likeliness of you being randomly selected for jury duty Myth: You wont be called if you arent registered to vote
Nope, this one is not true. In addition to voter registration records, names are also added to the jury duty list based on having a drivers license, paying taxes, or owning a home. So definitely do not use avoiding jury duty as an excuse not to register to vote. Go do that now. ive done none of the last two but i do have a driver's license so :pleb: fruity, yus sounds about right only a matter of time :EYES: Oof thatll be the day  Hoe it was 6 AM when that conversation happened :kek: Imagine me waking up at 6 AM Also damn Silver does not want to stay in one place for very long huh Lmao valid :kek: PST yes Oh oop ITS STILL THE TOE ENTHUSIAST FOR ME :kek: cant get over it lmao Vivs forg toes are a sight :bestinshow: Love to see it hhhh Mood :peepoSignSimp: :owo: Ok Im judging you less now :Bbay: Muscular Asian men are :dogeheart: Pics or else Viv :gun: :PES_WeebsOut: That is a true fact Fae Yes I do see :Bbay: Ooh dub voice Still seeing no pics Viv :PES_GunL: See what this bitch is doing to us Fae? Fucking fishing pole  Aww its also his baby face for me And my thirst Jax does indeed look appealing without facial hair last I saw :hmm: :e_minor: Hey if it aint broke Viv is the kind of paparazzo who would write about a famous persons morning routine omg he just took a deep breath Wait are they used? O Fae :kek: :stare: Hi Andro! Also me :patrickdab: Smexy Delish Oh god i do I wake up to myself talking ASDFGHJKL Sometimes Im usually saying something about Rusty or my high school crushes War flashbacks must be a bitch Surprisingly no Hes completely moved on from the Vietnam War Nah my parents are never interested in that stuff, believe it or not lol I mean my mom can get passionate at cooking but eh Oh wow Oh shit ): hey Lu! depends on the daily routine how much fluids they've been drinking how active they are sdjklasdfhk but yeah my own bladder is usually on its own "imma wing it" mode ayo same except my mom is in her very late 50s and my dad in his very late 60s oh god yes, and their clashing personalities show bc Viv brings up weird shit in general from time to time :kek: yeah that too i myself have the urge after drinking a bottle of water or two @kaitoo AHHHHH WELCOME BACK LOVE IMY :PES_Heart: Bitch happy birthday! @kaitoo we just acknowledge both! yeah ayo hbd Arthurian! aww happy for you!  you deserve it you can do it Lu  :peepoHappyhug: So Im filling out my jury duty summons and uh my computers saved info is both concerning and amusing :kek: Side note: this aged well. Not that well but eh Funny how things turn out :e_minor: Apparently I talk about her a lot lmao My own PC knows I always have Choices phrases in my brain  I have no clue actually. No recollection of that memory :judgeyfroge: Its the Drew the Failure for me :this_is_fine: :kek: Man and here I thought the married couple had the same brain ~~why not both tho~~ A true fact indeed Oop Henlo Viv L Are you in control of your sleep schedule? Or does it just put itself together and you just roll with it? Oof I used to get a preferable  amount of sleep back in high school, because I gave myself a bedtime otherwise I end up sluggish throughout the entire day. Then college and pandemic happened and I ended up not even caring much :hoopla: Sleep is wack Your body is always sending you mixed signals. It just decides for you whether or not youve slept enough Adulting happened Bitmoji finally made a story about me and you @azula :forg: So swag :forg: Youre not wrong lol My dad also used to wake up at 5 before he retired Now its just my workaholic mom 1-2 years, it depends on how old you are actually If you were still in high school, itd kinda be awkward Yes In your 20s maybe 30s its normal Its only not normal and unhealthy if you both rushed into it without a proper discussion or a second glance. This kind of topic, its a serious thing to have to sit down and talk about first Communication is key. A lot of older people I know rushed into having kids out of sheer pressure to give their parents grandkids or because theyre so cute Hey I think thats appropriate, the 8 years I mean Thats a very long time It means yall are in this for the long haul And that takes dedication Im happy for you Viv Ilyt :dogeheart: Wednesday my dude I still love Asian Gabe :bestinshow: Oop Hilda is more active over in Spoilerland, a link you can find in #ads-and-partners and Altair is taking a break for school :flushedmonkey: honestly i just do oh *that* part i dont maintain my desk is a mess yet somehow i can play "Spot the Item" easily it truly do be that way oop have fun at work :poof: :peepoYay: same hither Roomba ftw most dogs are lol their reaction to a Roomba on internet videos are hilarious Rusty used to not react too much to the Roomba, he avoided it like the plague whenever it came near him but he never freaked out aww https://youtu.be/y9BM1M2C3Iw @azula and @kyo when they have their fights on this server Because forg :forg: i love social studies my best subject throughout middle school and high school everything else i more or less sucked at but history is where i thrive the most Yes :MunchlaxMunch: Id definitely tell my children like it is, no sugarcoating Its so cute when dogs snore :bestinshow: owo and then there's me, im the one doing the awkward staring from behind a windshield but they never notice me and i lowkey prefer it that way confidence, whats that? dunno her name :IDKher: y'all find people? i usually avoid them like the plague https://tenor.com/view/i-hate-people-loner-introvert-be-like-gif-9786836 :pleb: man whatever happened to just admiration from afar im too introverted for that scene havent even been to a gay bar yet let alone a club :e_minor: hhhhhhhhhhhh jesus everyone's gaynging up on me LMAOOOO US men are a.....species entitled is def the word i'd use esp after watching Straight TikTok is it tho? :e_minor: their little knees must be sore from jumping to conclusions hetero men they come up with all sorts of crazy excuses, they have a whole ass checklist before they even think about giving up on a girl insulting is funny to watch nowadays everyone has a smartphone so they whip out the camera after the man doesnt take no for an answer all these viral videos are surfacing of men relentlessly following women and its blood-curdling eugh i literally join whenever i feel like it wholesome there's a bedrock edition? :hmm: prolly 13 14 is normal it varies for everyone "i hate modern society" mood my favorite quote wise beyond their years anyway it wasnt until i was like what 15 or 16 before i towered above my parents maybe 14 my facial hair came in early and i hated it LMAO i looked like an ugly man as a teen but with a disfigured baby face i really dont like facial hair on me so my mom waxes them off every few weeks (: waxing slows the process of it growing back and i prefer that way, but yeah its painful after i came out, they literally just told me get school done first before even thinking about "that kind of life" OOP as for my brother and his gf, my parents made it VERY clear that nothing more should happen until after college surprisingly, i dont think my brother is that kind of guy and neither is his gf. he kept going on and on about waiting until after marriage yeah he's more hardcore catholic compared to me watch me become an uncle before i get my first kiss :kek: no way really LMAO LU aww i used to do this sort of thing when i was nitroless when mara got mad i stole her frog emote lmao :judgeyfroge: all my homies have nitro and flaunt it Virginianity mood mister papa, thats actually really cute in viet culture, i call my mom and dad Me and Ba :Bbay: you mean British? :kek: hmm LMAO i wish my parents were that free spirited. they act like i was possessed by Satan when i said the word "tampon" nope ^ yeah my household is male dominated so :hoopla: its literally just me and my brother but my parents still wished for a daughter ;daskjkl;dfklfjsdhaj saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaame bestie :kek: KSDFLADFLKSDFGJSJFDKSDFGLASJKAF VIV U HAVE NO FILTER TODAY a titorial god im loving this discussion :MunchlaxMunch: well when we talk about women's biology, it never stops yes lmao WRONG PERSON PINGED LMAOOOOO https://tenor.com/view/bettemidler-bette-midler-hoochiecoochie-hellodolly-gif-9275452 :PES_HyperReee: i https://tenor.com/view/iron-man-tony-stark-mark50-foot-thruster-flying-gif-19216524 :elmoburn: https://tenor.com/view/salttruck-gif-8448136 SAME TIME same braen :cat_twerk: LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO Kyo deleted it, not me :kek: :concernedStare: :frogishocked: :petthefrog: :frograte: :WorryFrog: :frogspinny: :4994_FrogVroom: :NM_peepoTansformWorry: Yes lmao :e_minor: Is that a threat or a promise? Welp he gone now Weird :MunchlaxMunch: It was probably an alt account or sum A problematic member from the past had joined and is now yeeted Youve seen him in other servers? oop I can imagine. He was just as bad on here in PCF Inch resting Oop I like how he doesnt even bother changing his name LMAO DONT GET ME STARTED FAE And thats the one. Julie :jebus: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Deadass he pretended that she was his bestie I DONT THINK SO Oh boy And get the popcorn ready :MunchlaxMunch: wtf Thats :judgeyfroge: She doesnt deserve this bullshit Eugh gross People seem to forget that high school students are UNDERAGE :DoD_PeepoCross: Oh god It actually is tho oml :e_minor: :e_minor: I just did. Was not disappointed Hes extremely problematic :patrickfbi: :hyper_eyes: @gerik_sinovercos hello welcome Ah a friend of Vivs :Wave: Ah is something I say when I have a moment of realization :eyez: LMAO me Ayo are you Viet? The surname sounds vaguely Viet  Ah ok coolio Yeah maybe idk all my Vietnamese surnames oop Maam this aint a hospital LMAO :hmm: Hmm I can neither confirm nor deny :squidwarddance: Id probably be intimidated at first ASDFGHJKL Extroverts indeed adopt introverts :e_minor: :NM_PolarBear: :sadbear: aww man they're different sad bear emotes :coolpolarbear: in all seriousness, uberbot only comes out when its three of the same messages from three different people lol rice is always a valid dinner bruh exact same combo i had growing up wtf soy sauce and everything usually i get different brands of sausages but i do remember Vienna Sausages at one point I remember the mobile app demo. But that was it Nice Brings me back to high school anatomy Ouch It defo couldve been worse Ouchie Gn Inch resting Afternoon Teehee :sPoNgEbOb: Tired hbu? Ugh I also have homework thats all due tomorrow :e_minor: After I eat lunch :Bbay: Its because Im never accurate about how long it takes for me to get on VC :kek: I do :e_minor:  oop A journey of self-discovery Oop Not Kyo pulling a Viv and diving in too deep into a topic to move channels sooner @Arzaylea Happy National Nurses Day girl! Please keep doing what youre doing! We value our frontline workers so much and you deserve all the thank yous love and praise! We appreciate everything that you do during these troubled times! Love you! :Hearts: forgtastic learning experience Viv im much more enlightened now :forg: not food sdjklakhdjksag now bask in its beauty im genuinely curious tho as to whether or not there's a David frog, a smaller frog rivaling the Goliath frog :hmm: the world may never know owo https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paedophryne_amauensis#:~:text=Paedophryne%20amauensis%20is%20a%20species%20of%20microhylid%20frog,for%20Species%20Exploration%20for%20discoveries%20made%20during%202012. wild :forg: :pleb: aww its so smol :SmolExcite: gnarly oh yeah i been knew came out of nowhere he been hoeing up with another pig iirc hell yeah, a valid song to play at your wedding corporate wanted me to tell the difference between a Viv and forg and then i said, they're the same picture :e_minor: :forg: aww PETA would be proud hsdaldjghkfjga rip :sadge: i played a trombone when i was a smol fifth grader shit was heavy af boobies happy birth to kyo's nephew may the cyanide succeed only during Tet festivals when there's a costume and everything Tet is Lunar New Year oh god not those childhood flashbacks gimme your best shot :Bbay: :aPES_Cheering: :kek: just some chaos that had happened in VC nbd sadge :sadge: :kek: Oh yeah the flight to Hawaii. That was a wild story Wack indeed :kek: Lmao https://tenor.com/view/nursesday-nursejackie-national-nurse-day-gif-4119535 owo Literally. I dont want to jinx anything but the US is turning a corner when it comes to covid cases rising so things are slightly looking up Dont let the few bad apples portray the entire group :DoD_CattoSadAppleRun: A well oiled machine :MunchlaxMunch: ASDFGHJKL Requesting a nurse by name: Dump Truck Hey some dogs like to improvise and use the nearest object as their pillow :Bbay: The tablet probably has your strong odor :hmm: Inch resting Man, dogs and their strong senses of smell, always get themselves and everyone around them in funny situations. Its precious :bestinshow: Visiting another house, Rusty would take about a half an hour to investigate and sniff the area before finally lying down to realize its not his house. He liked to be thorough (: Also not him using my stanky ass shoes for pillows Cats and dogs relying on the odors of their owners as a sense of comfort and security is just too wholesome Truly Sometimes if hes like really *really* cold. Hell I would go to my DOG first for body warmth whenever IM cold lmao Ooh Rustys name origin was the same. My moms nail salon client named him first before giving him to us. Plus he looked like a Rusty so I thought it was perfect anyway The sound of being grateful af Lmao Wuh Why the kneecap?  :judgeyfroge: Well whats the most useless bone in the body Im prolly that In what scenario? Im confused, am I being beaten up or requiring surgery?  O ~~Not Lu and Fae participating in anti-Asian hate crimes~~ Jkjk ~~internalized racism~~ Bet Aight yall, just call me coccyx instead. It has cocc in it :smugdoge: Indeed Its me. Im the appendix I like how Kyo just wanted help in anatomy then suddenly I become the punching bag of the server again :kek: Listen. I was just lurking minding my own business. And then you called me a patella That was right after she called me a patella lmao Besides Im the coccyx/appendix (: Id rather not Lemme suffer :DogsOfDiscord_2_RunningDogBall: Love the white pom emote Theyre basically marshmallows with legs What a beautiful sight Hes 12 right? Ah yes amazing Love that for him Nitro brings out the chaos in all of us at any age Its a wonderful sight Shes out here living her best life FORG! ah so he pulled a kyo https://tenor.com/view/lava-minecraft-gaming-gamer-cat-gif-19690390 all mc players have those moments at one point (: myself included but thats also a mood :uwuclown: henlo red then starts to peel like actual paper, i shit you not then just goes back to normal for me i sunburned once while visiting Vietnam and my cousin had way too much fun peeling off my skin during a family gathering dkl;asjdjhafklsfkl it was "satisfying" mhm dont be like me lmao wearing a tank top with exposed arms and having your cousin poking and peeling the dead skin off even as an Asian, i just dont spend a lot of time in the sun, maybe thats why i burn easily glowie oop after the peeling is done, your skin is so overly sensitive that when anything touches it, it stings mhm cold can be your best friend yah i mean i could try but only if i used a spray tan we cant all have good skin genes :e_minor: my family is neutral if that makes any sense, they have never burned nor tanned in a long time prolly bc we're not an outdoorsy family LMAO RIGHT, I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE ;sdklaJFHJKLSDAJSDK;FK thats what purebloods want you to think. you could belong if you choose to do so. if not, then be your own damn person. start your own race/religion for all we care klsd;alkkdhjadh i wanna subscribe to the forgism faith :forg: owa owa DAMMIT Y'ALL :PensivePeach: some people just wanna feel special and unique by saying "oh only full blood *insert ethnicity here* can truly form a community" but like there's really nothing wrong with being mixed and you shouldnt feel pressured to choosing one over the other you are what you are yuh maybe its her trademark k;dsaljjhfghsfl MARA check your pings girlie oh wait, Mara mightve turned off the @ pffffffffft i believe in anarchy i do what i want mood smexy mood the funny thing is Anhiro posted that already in #memes dk;ladjkksjsdf :Bbay: i woke up and chose violence :elmoshake: :bonk: Gaysian with teleportation, ooh that rhymed nah thats mine Forg Femme Fatale idk discord outage :e_minor: @azula ayo we back in business can your superpower be to conjure up french fries? this was mine LMAO bootyful hi bestie!! :DogsOfDiscord_2_DogsHug: yes what our names and powers would be ofc Shego idk what hero i'd want to be.... typical alien from another planet or just born with powers here on Earth jsdalsdfhkl yes, to protect the ones i love. i aint letting my dog get napped on my watch because there will be hell to pay  jkla;sddfhgaGla;asdh mood be like the powerpuff girls and have a bedtime superheroes who are still in kindergarten and have curfews bruh even Townsville villains need sleep so thats pretty ideal can we really see Viv meeting Jax/Joker in an insane asylum and instantly fall madly in love with him? ;sdjkakljjh yup iirc :uwuclown: bad boys can be hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh true :kek: Boomer Viv Smart Boomer Viv LUUUUUUUUUUU bc capitalism lmao wouldve loved to see that grand exit me in any public space body odors combining, smexy storytime :MunchlaxMunch: after the honeymoon phase, it could go either way from there dkjajkl;shksdfd not the homewrecking mc :kek: yes Lu is smarter than that obvs she aint no hypocrite :EYES: moola hey, half-assed effort is still effort :pleb: its like you said yolo omg another uberbot command i just discovered noice what was it? ooo sure why not on Mars ? :hmm: THE ELON MUSK REFERENCE DKLAJSFHFSLPHIOPDHFOsdo hope you get better soon Lu :GWcmeisterPeepoHug: i both hated and missed mine ~~plus two of my first crushes were there~~ I remember reuniting with an old elementary school friend in college. We ended up in the same public speaking class. It was super awkward mainly because she called me out first and said she remembers me :e_minor: Oop a Minecraft server Not this discord server @azula :e_minor: Relatable grind never stops   working 9 to 5  they sell pet safe ant killers, so you're gonna have to use those instead of regular ones just to be safe https://pestkill.org/ants/pet-safe-killer/ perhaps these should do the trick  :PES_HyperReee: Pero why Oh thank god The shell be made out of titanium skskskeksksksksksk :kek: :turtleroll: He better be. Otherwise wed be concerned :judgeyfroge: :Derp: ***forg***iveness oop whoops panic mode engaged typos here and there  lmao its the soon emoji but on discord it appears as dark as the background LMFAO oop :bigmood: why not both but it does depend on the due date cool Awie Love to see dogs living their lives and then its automatic grounds for declaring dying happy :DogsOfDiscord_3_SimbaLOVE: Blue again :NM_BlobRGB: Smh Oop Bold of you to assume Kyo would reveal any part of his face on camera Iirc it was just his hair Dont remember an eyebrow tho :hmm: He was too busy showing off his Kpop merch lol Ooh btw Fae, Ive been meaning to ask, is your pfp from the anime Black Bullet? Tina Sprout was so badass Omg she is so adorable with her cat ears :pleading_taco: Not yet, its way too early lmao Prolly working or homework, or both Night routine, cleaning up the kitchen, wiping down the table, taking out the garbage. Busy bee tingz :pleb: :sadge: we love a politically correct copypasta :NM_ThanosDance: i think so yeah, particularly anything that criticizes the Vietnamese communist government "Internet censorship in Vietnam prevents access to websites critical of the Vietnamese government, expatriate political parties, and international human rights organizations, among others or anything the Vietnamese government doesn't agree with. Online police reportedly monitor Internet cafes and cyber dissidents have been imprisoned." Nov 3 2019 fight the power :NM_PogFish: but yeah, you know a government is insecure and gets their ego hurt easily when they dont like "big fat meanies" bullying them and calling them out online ): @azula dis u? BIG FAT MEANIE bsdkjlsdjhksda i dont listen to it a lot but i can defo try oop :hmm: oh my goodness woof "but dad, i just wanted to play around. i wasnt rough-housing i swear" :e_minor: LMAO best Disney mom figure ? lol cute :a_02pat: one of the funniest moments lmao everytime i say something stupid and then correct myself over in Spoilerland, Mara always uses that emote on me uwu she's a saint :cysp_angel_wings: another Choices server partnered with this one ;ksdlsjafhsjfd;fsfhsdilf fine i suppose, just chillin to Rusty's playlist in honor of his one year anniversary Also Nani: I threaten my little sister with violence because I love her :uwu: oh shit really? :dontfeelsoblob: :THANOS_BREAD: David delicious https://tenor.com/view/david-fire-breathing-lilo-and-stitch-fire-gif-11658516 ;dksajflsdjfsdfhjlsd\ VOLTRA SAME BRAIN David gang rise up aww Sushi really tried to square up this morning chose violence but then retracted :peepoCozy: pit bull pitty is a common nickname for pit bulls pitties are precious tho :dogeheart:  when raised right from the get-go love that they were the OG nanny dogs and tbh, i can totally see it awie dw me neither same boat while playing Roblox for four hours straight? dayum could never be me :DoD_Pensive: im saying i can never multitask like that lmao oooo Bee simulator  the world may never know :02shrug: lmao Kyo's new drag name: Miss Communication :Bbay: either that or Miss Read Miss Shapen ^me Thats me Thats why weve earned our reputation as obese country :e_minor: Were a rich and fat society and its awful Instead they hoard Eat the rich Literally just keep it show it off Rich peoples mindsets are so weird They think enough is never enough They dont have the down-to-earth mindset like most of us Ill never understand it Because capitalism loves the poor and fat here in California, its mostly produce and stuff, veggies as well Grain is mostly in the Midwest Yes Every rural area is different What happened Rashon? Ooh exercise LMAO Hbd to your ma regardless She really said, son treat me :kek: LMAO God its the giant ass forehead for me His head really said, aight Imma put the hair in Reverse oof so many things happening at once https://tenor.com/view/testing-new-deez-nuts-ha-teeth-gif-15758045 Lu acting like she didnt make a joke with two random emojis with a CD and a peanut? doesnt compute lame :ahegaopeach: Drew can never find love like Lu and Andro does :Bbay: ayo me being accurate for once in my life :pepe_sunglasses_cool: whatever you want ig yup, dont lie down just yet pizza at 9 PM sounds litty oooo those are good too :PES_ThumbsUp: @Arzaylea youre up Oh wait, she might be sleeping ASDFGHJKL :Bbay: blue like the ocean and sky oh god no lmao :NM_PeepoHoodieBlue: i want a blue hoodie like this one ): noice mine are colors of the friggin rainbow but mainly bc my mom buys half my wardrobe without even asking me smh "accident" they are, esp of the leather variety cliche but smexy LMAO NOOOOOOOOOOO my usual look in public on colder days is my burgundy Oxford Uni hoodie that my dad got me during his trip to the UK and like tight jeans lmao i saw a meme where if you wear the same hoodie over and over again, its a sign of depression aww thats good blue is good :NM_VerifiedDarkBlue: teehee LMAO blue chaos love to see it :crewmateBlue: hoodies and jeans nothing new my dad rarely gets me stuff thats not electronics but im glad to make him happy the more i wear my Oxford University hoodie he got from the UK during the colder season OOPS didnt mean to respond to you Voltra LMAO but yay! happy for you regardless jklasdjdsjkgsf strong Donkey energy from Shrek :kek: :smart: man before i got my first iPad, i used to do that all the time calling me out like that, no lie tho lmao there's like a slight hill at the park near my house and that one day there was a power outage during the day, i would go there with my dog to sky-watch, good times. Wi-Fi hated me that day lol LMAO Sushi was feeling daring that day https://tenor.com/view/daring-today-gif-20627961 oop hola Hi :kek: do it fae i should be included :Bbay: Grandpa is sensitive around the nose average jldjlajjsd same with my trig class im in a zoom meeting rn the tables have turned oh im always muted and off camera :e_minor: ooop DAMMIT LMAO I WANTED TO PISS OFF FAE EVEN MORE :kek: lame chez burger yes fuck bat bot DJJKLSA ive tried everything at costco except the chicken bake hhhhhhhhhhhhh i used to share membership with my dad until we decided to go the cheap way and get those $100 cash cards every time we visit hi angela bruh free samples are returning to Costco, we really said fuck you pandemic, we're slowly returning to normal love to see it aww really? that is true Sam's Club is the sister company to Costco iirc i've never been to a BJ's wack oh i've seen them, i just never been in one dkslajjkfsd confusion lmao its the Lord Faarquad hair lmao youtube keeps recommending me that video and im not even mad its the fact that this guy also played Kim Jong Un in the movie "The Interview" i've never even heard of deepfakes until i entered the Choices Twitter fandom comment sections horrifying yikes if humans still have weapons, its a bad place :e_minor: animal kingdom tho :MunchlaxMunch: well duh its me sounds like something Viv would do too since she's also a boomer with Discord LMAO :kek: legendary better late than never lame In-N-Out?  sadge but also ooh Costco cheeseburger, ive never tried those so simplistic, yet sounds so good true chiz im on do not disturb while class is still in session just so i dont get pings lmao :Bbay: wassup which one and good luck Rae! ah ok hehe :PES_WeebsOut: big mood lmao Americans are so paranoid. even gas experts are telling consumers there's no need for hoarding but people are doing it anyway in my house, we stan electric cars ayo same actually, i mostly drive my dad's old 2015 Toyota Camry Hybrid. my dad mostly prefers the Tesla and i get to borrow it occasionally Pak idge Truly a bootyful name yeah man it really does take me back to those weird days where everyone was beating each other up for toilet paper at our local Costco oh wait i think the same thing happened over gas too https://youtu.be/2iAA-FXv5K0 https://youtu.be/9B3ah4jFiFM god this pandemic is really bringing out people's inner animalistic instincts lmao :MunchlaxMunch: Oop Tis a fun way of saying it lol Pack age Lmao :sadge: Still got mine for a little while longer I shall enjoy it while it lasts :sadbear: Jaz might be referring to how the emotes and reactions appear on the PC Discord and how they appear more highlighted with a border Like when youre reacting to someones photo or comment Pretty much I dont think its weird Still looks the same to me Oop Oh right I havent updated it on my phone yet lmao :THANOS_BREAD: Thats perfectly fine. Most of this server has a basic understanding of pronouns so youre Gucci :nonbinaryhearts: Gl Lu! same why not :GWcmeisterPeepoShrug: i mean if we're gonna be naming laws after missing children when America failed to locate/keep them safe, then what difference does Jojo make? thats just me anyway i literally wish her nothing but happiness she did a brave thing and is an inspiration to many young LGBTs truly we have no choice but to stan :stan: Yeah what everyone else has been saying. Its not too confusing if you really think about it. Being bi simply means youre attracted to the two main genders, male and female. Hence why bi means two. Like a bicycle has two wheels. Pansexual means you can be attracted to any age consenting human being regardless of gender. So like you can find yourself attracted to a non binary peep, non conformer, etc. Yeah trans is not a gender. It just means that you are NOT the gender you were assigned at birth since it doesnt match with your gender identity that you feel deep down inside and are in the middle of transitioning Bisexualattracted both to people of their own binary gender and to those of the other binary gender. I would think so, yes?? Np even tho Fae did a better job at explaining it than me ~~Not Viv thanking everyone else with hearts and not me~~ Jkjk Im an over thinker and I still have a lot to learn Im sorry okay? I really mean it As Ive said, I still have a lot to learn Truth be told Fae, Ive gotten crapped on in this server so much, I cant tell the difference between people genuinely being mad at me or just poking fun at me for the fun of it :kek: Like Im okay with being bullied for uh fun, but it does get a little too much from time to time Idek maybe Im just overly sensitive :hoopla: Better late than never I suppose lmao But thank you (: Oh damn Two decades old gang :e_minor: Ugh ikr It almost doesnt feel real No its fine really. Im okay Ayo hey strife, long time no talk! Oh no get well soon! Seriously, get all the rest good luck kyo morning I was so confused until I realized you were trying to say Nitro :kek: nice rhyme also have fun but also have some me time Lu :pAyoo: happy for you fae :aPES_PooPooCheer: good bot Gnarly indeed Aww youre just like the sinning Catholics! I knew you and I had something in common religiously ASDFGHJKL It do be like that sometimes But yes Conversion time :forg: Viv your role is to walk up to peoples doors, knock on them, and then ask the residents, excuse me, have you heard the forg news?  Yes Viv here is our lovely founder You gotta Pet The Forg :forg: Beautiful Welcome to the faith, fellow brethren :forg: morning Lu! girl good luck  you can do it f Yes Slee LMAO my nitro expired last night :e_minor: :hawyee: Rip Sugar Daddy Rashon coming through :pleb: Yes it is It was never just for staff members @kyo America explain Oops :smugdoge: :e_minor: lmao aww clumsy Sushi Rusty did that once but only because he didnt know what a screen door was at first its always funny to watch dogs run into doors :smart: nah i think Rashon was referring to how you view it when you're not looking at my profile itself picking a gif without a background is the smortest thing i've ever done its so aesthetically pleasing to look at in general chat :DogsOfDiscord_1_DanceDoggo: hehe i literally just search the internet lmao Google Images and such Its actually called a plumbob haha Good morning and good sleep Lu! Ayo thank you! :dogeheart: Sims 3 supremacy :plumbob: nah you're good! hehe the Tim color role is too perfect :PES_Ping: Tim the OG Forg :judgeyfroge: Gnarly as hell tho :NM_SkeletonDance: Welcome back :wave: Kyo showed us an X-Ray of his foot (aka feetpics reveal) from that incident he had with the dishwasher at work Hes ok tho An eventful night he had last night Mhm np @kyo please stay off your feet @Andromeda were just that kind of dynamic duo Im used to it but it still stings :e_minor: Mood Also what timing of different unrelated events :e_minor: And I.drop in whenever I feel like it LMAO SHONNY Oggi Italian tingz Lmao @rashon24 just felt like pinging you Lol Slee i wish i was that talented at writing :sadge: :catblush: :sadge: :frogspinny: :dogDance: guess it just depends on the server the emotes came from holy moly y'all told me he disappeared without a trace bizarre where was he the whole time?? lksdjajkfjsdlfhsdhag was he far away from the portal or close to it? holy shit lol what luck :kek: beautiful i completely forgot wolves could just wander into nether portals if they wanted to :e_minor: sure in a bit, just finishing up some homework This aint a dream, this a nightmare :/ The hesitation at the beginning YAY! :DogsOfDiscord_2_DoggiesClaps: Heres my rescue, from the streets and into my home and heart and now currently watching over me :dogeheart: :thinking_eyes: hmm inch resting This one because Appa Hey rice is good :Bbay: Im probably having some with cooked pork chop tonight. Yeet Ye I know Chicken sounds good rn But I gotta finish the leftover pork chop I have in the fridge :e_minor: Kyo was so devastated and it actually hurt to listen :cryingcat: We want it to resemble your ass Ah yea LMAO Same mind with you two Anyway it was a home burglary gone wrong :e_minor: The wolf survived but the sheep and parrot didnt :RIP: hey long time eh nah you're just unoriginal :smugdoge: :6712_ferretoblush: :Bbay: :dogewink: Kyo did the same thing to me LMAO Now I cant help but say WHAT UP SHONNY Good luck Lu! Dude, as we were discussing this just days ago, I literally woke up from a nightmare similar to this, only more intense and terrifying. Something straight out of a horror movie. For whatever reason, I landed myself back on the first day of senior year in high school. I had just finished reuniting with my friends and everything and once we got back to class, random students starting pulling knives out and started ||stabbing each other to death, almost indiscriminately|| turned out there was a much more darker story behind it. It was like some sort of cult uprising taking over my hometown because when I escaped campus, everything around me was destroyed or set on fire. It got to the point where I got trapped in a corner by the leaders of the knife wielding cult when I woke up, actually breathing heavily like I was having an ||anxiety attack|| I dont think Ive ever had a dream that intense to the point where I woke up nearly out of breath. I hated every minute of it and never want to experience anything like that again. Dreams truly be weird and a theme Yeah truly chilling Well I did recently wrap up a reread of ILB AND Lu and Fae got me to binge the Saw movie franchise in my spare time so my brain is probably slowly getting used to the horror genre than ever before LOL Now its entering my dream world :e_minor: Anyway yeah I woke up genuinely terrified and it was just a horrifying experience. Everything was so vivid too ASDFGHJKL It was :/ The most recent one, where you got chased I think so? You didnt give much detail than that xd ASDFGHJKL Creepy and bizarre me same the best life dangly Money for skool Bread :takemymoney: inch resting also josadjkskghfhisdhfsa well thats just rude :aPES_Sob: tease us why dontcha reminding us how poor in Robux we are wait, does that imply there are NSFW stuff in that game? o i see i see yeesh sure lemme close Sims first LMAO people are always dragging me im used to it (: Uh What Does he have a Catchphrase of the Day calendar or something? Anyway just like use a spray bottle on him or something like hes a dog :cooldown: No Jax. Bad. Bad boyfriend. Who? O Singer this is news to me :patrickshocked: for legal reasons, im kidding. i literally called him Jax not so long ago ~~i even located his twitter account via Viv's follower suggestions~~ you didnt see anything :smugdoge: :dogDance: bundle up with layers and blankets, wherever and whenever possible Lu :pepeblanket: would it be a bad thing to take one? ah i see patient use only nurses need comfort and care too :e_minor: truly yay! good luck! yeah the side effects are gonna be a bitch but the end result will be worth it full inoculation is always worth it yes comfort dog emotional support funnily enough, i had soreness both after the first and second dose dogs can sense the good in humans and we all know the frontline workers are all good oop welp flight or fight instincc :hoopla: she protecc, she attacc, but most importantly, its just a vacc lmao perfection ;kdjjlfjljfsdhj;j spoil her and turn her against Kyo nappy buddies partners in mooching :dogewink: :catblep: oof godspeed to the max Lu Did I really just wake up to some half wit who thought Choices is a misandrist game? Thats equivalent to accusing Choices of being homophobic :kek: Sure the rep isnt perfect but at least it exists. Frankly I count my blessings and am thankful for the MLM content I actually do get so like :02shrug: Besides imo, the GOC content is improving slightly nowadays. BaBu is realistically the only genderlocked thing in the release schedule these last few weeks and OH and LOA outnumber it And SB for the VIPs But Jesus imagine throwing around that word not even knowing what it means :NM_PensiveSad: Ok Im done now lmao People are just weird Bottom line, just dont jump to conclusions without doing your diligent research and education :micdrop: Yes maam :PES_Salute: it uh was wild i woke up to it myself lol after skimming it was kinda :yike: :when_u_find_the_good_booty: :aPES_PooPooCheer: oof in the meantime hang in there Mad thats valid i mean when it comes to the second dose, gotta let your prior engagements know, whether its someone in person or your work wack sad Oop Just put a muzzle on the kid Problem solved :e_minor: eh im ok with the default size the way it is doesnt really matter to me the way it looks  :aSweat: gn literally the one thing i hate about it is the heat esp here in Cali we dumb lmao but yeah anyway the high for my area is about nearly 80 F casual global warming :e_minor: ^ id much rather freeze than melt any day :4828_ChrisEvansPeriodt: personally i'd take any excuse to bundle up with a hoodie and tight jeans hoodies are goodies bitch i could never sdaljslhfklsgk i'd die mood layers are used for hiding and protection :Bbay: 68 in Cali is actually cool af lmao anything below 70 is cool for me oooh kimonos thats something i dont hear about every day truly Japanese knows whats up hmm i've only ever experienced silk but as a mattress covering xd you mixed it with some other material. you might be thinking of leather hoe trade with me i can only ever see snow in the mountains ;_; which is funny enough since my hometown is situated right up against some foothills so i get gorgeous views of the snowy mountains in the winter *laughs in me waiting for the Big One to hit California* catch me unwillingly swimming in the Pacific when i have no choice kids, imma sink yes runs right through California San Francisco lies right on top of it but i prolly live a couple hundred miles away from it its me watching the movie San Andreas and being like "yeah i aint surviving that" but truly the educational stuff is fascinating one of my favorite things about earth science hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh literally it could just strike out of nowhere and i'd perk up my head like :HuH: eh actually thats more Japan Cali its rare but occasional the last major thingy we had was with Ridgecrest and i was able to feel that from far away our infrastructure just aint prepped for it so like :e_minor: teehee my house gonna turn into a pancake no not possible here in Cali our weather is weird, like iirc, the big ass mountains prevent any major stuff from occuring. which includes major storms and stuff we basically have a shield ugh its been ages since i took earth science the worse things we can get are mudslides jkdklskhfsdkfs fuck the alarm imma head out idc LMAOOOOOO EA WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO SAY Electronic Arts really said "fuck them kids" i just love it so much, the goofiest most illogical thing can occur and im like :MunchlaxMunch: bahahahahahahahahhaa uh not with that caption lmao much better, no politics oh no, their behavior is definitely the fault of the parenting usually i hate both (: exactly hating children is becoming a large part of being an adult :smugdoge: i mean its the truth, all human babies are ugly as fuck but not everyone is ready for that conversation :kek: literally same, i couldnt hold my baby cousin a few weeks after she was born bc i couldnt trust myself :frogspinny: Shonny munchkins that'll be the day oh shit really?  the odds of having twins are so interesting to me. we really just accept the fact that its randomized jsdjlsadhfjlsdfjjl Shonny gonna spoil them rotten like he does with us yeah my family doesnt have that type of fertility either no twins or triplets afaik jesus fucking christ no, i just looked it up. its just nine individual babies they all survived iirc but god the odds of that many surviving is just beyond.... omg ooooo wild I have none  I just wait it out and it goes away on its own :e_minor: ^ Oh yeah I forgot about water Ooh I like the hats! The art is cute! :MunchlaxMunch: truly do it :forg: its Viv's amazing forg pfp for me love that the bg blends in with the Discord gray just like my sims plumbob (: mint chocolate actually aint that bad, its not my favorite but its good i can actually hear this jingle lmao :MunchlaxMunch: man Pride Month is already almost here gnarly :DJBlob: well the economy and the country is reopening to its max, soooooo expect normalcy to its fullest extent wack guess people just have so many dining options now that pre-pandemic era is returning they just wanna try out new things lol if only you can control customers' feelings and decisions :Ravynthink: oop Thank you for helping me wake up to this :bestinshow: we live in a society well damn, the internet knows me too well LMAO i fit in all the Cali stereotypes apparently :shyduck: its me laughing at the fact that was exactly me a year ago when doing streaks on SC LMAO now i actually put in effort with my captions to describe my boring ass life Lu, when we first met, you thought i was around your age JKSDJKLSLASDFK :catblushhy: :smiledoge: i added you btw, pls add me back   GET OUT THE ANT SPRAY BISH dsljk you'd feel a lot differently, had they invaded your entire food storage that should only be reserved for spiders :smugdoge: valid i only have to deal with ants when the weather gets rainy and wet since they're trynna seek shelter indoors but like my food is out and about and i dont want nasty ass ants all over my noms so its hello spray in the summer, i worry about the damn pesky flies :e_minor: i shit you not, i go ballistic with the fly swatter throughout the summer sdfjkljdfjjf that would be so fucking terrifying :jebus: LMAO my dad actually was smart enough to install some sort of heat-related fly trap just above our stove. they somehow get sucked into this little vent and you can hear them buzzing around up there, struggling to find a way out but not before they die of heat exhaustion. so then every time my dad cleans it out, he's basically carrying a tray of dead fly corpses and its so disgusting to look at nah they dont fall into the pots and pans below he made sure of that KLSDJKLDASJK honestly for me, if it has more than four legs, it must die :kek: exceptions are ladybugs and roly polies for some reason thats why i said they're the exception dk;jklkdkdsa i find them cute ~~which makes me a hypocrite~~ :e_minor: owo Raid is really reliable works every time :e_minor: its me letting my dog drown the ants in his pee whenever i took him for walks :kek: :Bbay: :sigh: Ah my ultimate summer footwear Minecraft is truly an inspiration for creativity indeed Aww cute lol I have dishes to do first tho so I gotta get to that first Kyo was playing in creative mode lmao he named the wolves in different groups too: K-pop stars, PCF members, etc. there's even a Rae with a pink collar dooooo it Kyoooooo :DogsOfDiscord_1_DanceDoggo: rip *sigh* Sushi's Shenanigans tune in for the next episode :kek: ayo finally a time that works for me jkldsajkklahk anyway just dropped my brother off at school today since everything is reopening again and can i just say, its always such a good/bad feeling to drive to your old high school but also being able to leave right after because i do NOT miss that hellhole LMAO the "sweet" part is missing my friends and getting to hang out with them on campus. the "bitter" portion however is remembering all the shit i've have to put up with, whether it was annoying teachers or toxic classmates ugh all that school spirit nonsense and forced participation in activities i wanted no part of, i dont ever want to experience again the themes they came up with were just cringe ~~my high school was prolly the only one in the entire world to have a Fortnite themed spirit rally~~ ugh dont even get me started on the forced Pledge of Alleigance bullshit i had only one friend who actually defied it and got in trouble with the school her parents were able to defend her and her record is clean iirc bc literally, people shouldnt be forced to "pledge alleigance" esp if the words dont align with your beliefs "one nation under God" whoever changed that line really did not stop to think that not everyone believes in a God wild to think that line was never even a part of the pledge it used to go like "One nation" then skipped straight to "indivisible" ayooooo as long as everyone is fully inoculated meh im done anyway ngl im still gonna be wearing my mask for as long as i feel comfortable doing so i dont trust other humans if i ever get the chance to reunite with my friend group, then maskless we shall be bc i can rely on them to believe in science (: literally same :jebus: im okay with anything below 80 oh you just described my lovely state of California LMAO glad i dont have to deal with that stuff anymore. deadass i had days where im too lazy to stand up and would much rather just stay seated at my desk lmao im the same way at church too damn i wanted the tea party to start now ): and i'll...be in the other room :hmmm: Hey Viv :forg: Sure Bring it on She stole Olivia Turned out to be a girl :oliviastab: Should send her this What? I was literally here  listening to Vivs story and I get attacked for nothing :hoopla: Eww since when I do like being dramatic let alone fun or boring Its the fact that you somehow misspelled my misspelling :kek: Whatever floats your boat Miss Maam *sigh* Jig-jigsaw? :shy_duck: Shronk :DoD_RedShrek: :NM_Sus: Sadge Aww OMG were definitely doing a shrek marathon when Kyo and Shonny are available Since theyve never seen it Shame You dont like 3 and 4? I thought they were ok tbh Yeah true. Plus theyre the ones most of the memes came from lol Shrek is love Shrek is life Lmao Gasp :ban: Shaming Shonny about Shrek This is too good Kyo and Shonny are legally classified as uncultured swine Shronk Meow Sounds like a plan Ouchie Its me Im the peasant Me Lmao People whove never watched Shrek are not deemed worthy ASDFGHJKL FAE :kek: Iconic quote Aww Viv ): Seek comfort in the arms of Shronk Me picking fights in roblox high school :kek: Beautiful eulogy Lu Fae can carve their iconic quote into Shonnys headstone Feedback Lmao the incentive to join VC I dont *sigh* why do people keep being surprised at how young I am Its from a movie? Lizzie Maguire. Rings a bell Tv show Dont remember if it was Nickelodeon or Disney :hmm: Oh well Thank you Viv Its the heavy Italian accent for me Its the fact that were BOTH suddenly being attacked :kek: Kyo is still legally classified as baby it really do be like that :GWcmeisterPeepoShrug: :oof: gene pool :Bbay: NOT FORG LEGS like father, like son (: Im already inheriting my dads snorting laugh. Youre well on your way to becoming just like your Viet dad Yeah, staff members dont mind being pinged if theres an emergency or important question Brave soldier boy Nah Im her victim. Youre safe LMAO :stan: Literally We dont claim antivaxxers as part of this planet Theyre strange looking aliens who have no humanity (: Antivaxxers are barely identifiable as humans LMAO the mental gymnastics they perform to justify not having important medicine injected inside of them Imagine the clownery True chiz @leitgo65 welcome back! Oop :kek: Mood Having fun all by our lonesome Oh yeah I think those were only for people who were able to have faceclaims with Choices characters. Then we stopped doing those iirc WHAY WHAT I NEVER CALLED YOU BRYCE STERLING :judgeyfroge: No I didnt Did I? :hmm: From VOS Lies Flynn is babe Will always be I simp for Flynn The only valid VOS LI (jkjk) Eww theyre the Conservative party Got promoted months ago Altair He had to leave for school reasons Nah Viv is still here Alive and kicking Currently worshipping the almighty forg :forg: Bread is just inactive because life Im actually available all day today so I can make it whenever lemme take a wild guess and say one of his main genres is rap? or even hip hop? ah im not trying to crap on the genre or anything but the stereotypes are all too common, esp with lyrics like those LMAO @azula our chance to get him to watch Shronk gtg eat lunch soon oop cya in three hours Shronk time???  petition to have Lu legally adopt Fae on paperwork Andro, im kidnapping you and taking you to the states to reunite with your family also welcome back Firework we'd love to see it vent all you need, we'll be here waiting gotchu free like a bee welcome to all the new peeps yay! congrats to your sister! Oh no @Arzaylea quick, we need your medical advice! Oop Time to turn to the internet Well fingers crossed its nbd. Drink plenty of fluids tho Idk Im not an expert Oh :e_minor: Did the pain start before or after the tendies? Ah you woke up this morning with it Peculiar i dont think adrenaline contributes anything to getting a shot. its literally just a thing that goes into your body real quick with a side of minor pain, unless you're me with a layer of fat on my skin, since i barely feel pain from needles anymore so i dont mind them as much its like Kyo said, you'll barely feel it. in and out, and you're done same little kids are sensitive to everything emotionally and physically and then there's me, screaming like a demon whenever receiving shots starting with pre teen years, i stopped getting fazed by needles i only got a needle in my gums once because i was getting braces i dont miss them the worst ;mksdfldflsa also me with my mom when she's forcing me to go food shopping with her eh i just hate being dragged along. plus im being forced to go into a crowded area with a lot of people :e_minor: Fluids, fluids, fluids Although Id rather wait on Lu to give actual medical advice @kyo ayo good luck inch resting :peepoBlanketThumbs: Confusion and scares all around America explain Big friggin same with my family. Its super annoying Yes or no @Priyudi its your time to shine :kek: Excellent :smugdoge: Id like to order another Drew wave LMAO Good times, good times (: :belt: Mood Lu will just get out her chancla  Lmao :MunchlaxMunch: SHRONK Shrak She Spank Beautiful I mean beeutiful ~~Punish me~~ ***pun***ish me :kek: Im in me mums car :FrogVroom: Oooo :shyduck: Anything anything All our nicknames are just gone, ~~if thats even possible on discord~~ When I was 9 or 10, I wet some boys shorts by turning on the drinking fountain he was sitting on Speaks their mind Gives no fucks Oop Ill order one if Fae doesnt want him Egg rolls are good btw Delish Bone Appa tit Bitch you is mom Lmao Fr Lmao thats stupid Like why even bother at all ASDFGHJKL :e_minor: @Andromeda ayo your name is famous in California My besties name is iconic Love that for her Ooo thats cool! And? 0: Very noice lol O uh daycare with a Twilight theme? :WTFthonk: that would be pretty entertaining ngl :coolpolarbear: https://tenor.com/view/life-as-we-know-it-carrier-parenting-fail-drop-gif-16003090 skskskskskskskksksksk human body temps be like that sometimes Cali weather this time of year be freezing in the morning and then switches to intense heat in the afternoon extremely wack suddenly, i dont need my layers :e_minor: Mother Nature just be up and down mood swing or sum sorry America dumb hehe 69 but am i lying lol ngl im tempted to make my pfp LGBTQ+ related but i wanna wait until the very first day of Pride Month bc im weird only two days away makes sense ok fine i'll be an early bird :Bbay: :spongebobdance: the term "draw" refers to pulling out the name/number for raffle tickets and lottery :cheetoisslightlygay: you got that right owo :PES_Salute: She be busy with life, I suspect @azula hoe, Mara misses you :PensiveNeko: Assigning school stuff on the first day of Pride month should be a crime :sadge: :owo: Hell yeah Cause chaos Pri would be proud Omg a Mara wave Marafy everything I suggest taking inspiration from this cute moment from long ago (: :MunchlaxMunch: And in July it shall be Mara supremacy Mwuahahahahahaha Awie! Shed love that :forg: Hells yes Say yes to the les Oop Thanks Shonny :pleb: Well two out of three anyway :e_minor: my final exam is this Thursday, after that possibly one more class until i can finally transfer to uni good luck bestie! you can do it!  ye Cal Poly nah im a bit north compared to kyo he's like way down south-ish besides, he'll flee the country if i ever stumbled upon the same area as him :kek: same goes for if Viv were to come back to the USA lmao miss ma'am, pls. i would embrace a meetup with Viv. and then we'll team up to hunt Kyo down >:) first tho, we gotta pick up Lu and Fae on the way yup oooooo fancy for that hands-on experience agreed oooh gnarly :EYES: bruh family reunion y'all would just be hours apart Andro might have a chance to visit the USA for a month Philly baby Truly. You end up rambling and making zero sense right after the Hello *insert name here* I completely agree with you! :kek: Its the chemistry after every single small interaction with someone for me so I can relate :kek: *some male classmate I barely talk to opens the door for me at school* 

does he like me? :shy_duck: he did but then found out he still had it in #irl-squad and went back to delete it lmao but its now seared into my memory so its too late :Bbay: do it i dare you :eyez: i see how it is singling me out giving me the nickname :eyez: :PES_Reeee: :PES_Hmmm: Probably :forg: Hot :peepoHoodieShrek: when in doubt, turn to YouTube Viv has rejoined the Nitro gang We love to see it :bongo_hype: Yeah I hate it I live in an inland part California where its always warm most of the year and Im going to visit my cousins down at the beach today and its like freezing down there. The sudden change Im looking forward to the most :e_minor: Nah thats just the mountains lol Beach is cold but like a good cold for me I only thrive in low temperatures Good to know I radiate pill energy :pleb: :PES_ChillPill: :spinnyman: Noice :frograte: :frogspinny: Love you too boo :DoD_FrogFlushed: Oop sorry. Not home for the rest of the evening. Spending time at my baby cousins place at the beach for her birthday Henlo! :Wave: Oh and happy Pride month from the pacific time zone  Yay! :rainbowheart: Im happy for you dude! :blobhuglove: :aPES_Cheering: Its really fun so I highly recommend it Plus Jordo used to play it. It was just the three of us and it was really fun (: F you're a good pimp :kek: whoever came up with that, deserves all the good things in the world uh context por favor lol you're visiting that area? ah i see i see i also read through that entire conversation regarding your parents and their would-be reaction to your tattoo so uh, all i can say is good luck with coming home with that lol solution: just wear long sleeves for the rest of your dependent life when your mom is around :pleb: man old people really need to get a grip on tattoos one of these days. like its not even serious :spongebobdance: employers could also be less judgemental about tatooes you'd be surprised at how many people are left in this world who are so anti-tattoo in the workplace :HyperThonkSpin: symbolic oh Kyo, look how much you've grown :niapanic: why? because he's dead lmao :NM_peepoMaskSwag: yeah the incentive thing is stupid like y'all really dont care about saving lives huh? you need money just to have shit injected inside of you not a care in the world for public health which is funny too bc we're the richest country in the world and we're actually hoarding vaccines not being used to its fullest but wow a lot of poorer countries are struggling to get their own vaccinated and the blame has actually been mostly going to European countries for some reason idk why i used America as an example but i've been hearing too many stories from different sources i guess you can say our vaccine campaign is going good in terms of people itching to get back to normal as quickly as possible. a lot of states are already easing mask restrictions or banning them altogether (tho imo a ban is overkill) tho i dont trust a lot of people to say they gotten fully innoculated barely i agree its way too soon our own health officials are warning its too early to celebrate the amount of people still dying from COVID remains unchanged even months later also my college is reopening in the fall for in-person classes so uh, that might be interesting poopoopeepee lmao thats reasonable actually welp then get comfortable :fatdoge: ooh she must be serious :judgeyfroge: oop well when it comes to Asian families, gossip spreads quickly :e_minor: some family group chat, that you dont even know about also dont leave us hanging smh sdjklajkladj oh nice a gay phoenix show bootyful get some rest bish sounds very good tho you're good (: anyway yeah if you have some advice for kyo about dealing with post-tattoo pain, give it now lol huh, couldve sworn you had more :hmm: ah yes Ahh sorry, went back to my high school for my brothers awards ceremony night Oof Good luck You gonna need it :hoopla: *sigh* Even when asian moms are being their traditional backwards selves, they still manage to be savage lol i've seen her fangirl over her so i been knew exactly. whats done is done. really no reverse switch no use crying over spilled milk or in Kyo's case permanent ink wowie, if only all parents reacted just like that. better than to be roasted or guilt tripped lmao lmao i love this conversation still entertaining :Bbay: its great because the texts explains in a nutshell how Asian families function. we do something "scandalous" and then we question the adults' response. "watcha gonna do about" :niapanic: Kyo do you hate yourself ? why go through a punishment :GWcmeisterPeepoShrug: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BWGEEeKXls kwejkjklew ANDRO dont worry, be happy its represents her inner bi blind after turning on Discord light no, i cant sleep until i feel your touch! the song is my phase rn sdkjldahsj Blinding Lights by The Weeknd Andro, its ok. he's a huge k-pop head djksjsdlds its the constant confusion and looking everywhere for me different strokes for different folks when it comes to music tastes, the beauty of diversity me at 3 AM investigating the sound of my house settling, thinking its haunted i crap my pants every time i hear the walls creak and thumping and shit :e_minor: gn kyo ~~no promises~~ later this afternoon probs and same what did you even do to get this? you just trade to be village hero? wack man fuck pillagers lmao inch resting *sigh* sdajkljkl snitching yourself is your brother actually a snitch tho? oof damn how rude of them :EdiePout: asian family tingz there's no such thing as children in Asian families, only trophies its mostly immigrants' children as far as im concerned because then the parents have an excuse to make sacrifices and then guilt trip their future children into pushing their limits back in Vietnam, the family dynamic could go either way considering we have more opportunities in the US than Vietnam even despite the fact that the American dream is but a mere illusion but i get what you meant Andro lmao its the fact that this is close to being me atm sadge do it lol shonny being such a great uncle wholesome content right here oh yeah djklfjsdfksdfk honestly that day was such a domestic issue filled day i lost count who's related to whom by what and how :kek: it was during a VC you werent there to witness the chaos XD i still am confusion a bit #robo-lab-bots lol whatever you say Big, big, big money, he was gettin' some coins wait send help, i cant find it lol sadge ugh i still cant find it :e_minor: oop im on my phone i am an iOS user actually i just cant find it xd aight im in the "Only You" section but nothing that looks like it would tell me "this is so you" im this close to giving up kdasljkjadhk nah cant find it anywhere yeah im not seeing that anywhere :PepeCry: i should think so i still need to update my PC Spotify tho i am signed in both phone and PC :cryingcat: I couldnt find the slideshow anywhere either. Ive scoured the internet and apparently, it might be a glitch or bug of some kind for some Spotify users so it wont appear for everyone Its me feeling left out :crydeath: I didnt even know a music app could be modded Wack dont you two know each other's work schedules? i assumed Kyo thought you were busy with work or sum lol BAHAHAHAHAHAHA no heteros allowed ;dsakl;dkl;jdjkl; :MunchlaxMunch: we stan some of our straight allies anyway i have a final exam and a haircut right after so im available only in the late afternoon ayo i'd be down for Apoc again maybe this time we can Hunger Games that shit oop dammit Daniela :peepoHoodieShrek: Henlo yes tis an emotional rollercoaster ye im down rn actually henlo welcome! ye but usually only during the daylight hours for the USA mhm everyone is either asleep or for our abroad friends, busy with their day nice to meet you too Nate! timezones do be wack :e_minor: anyway do you have a favorite book and/or LI? nah too poor to afford it also no point imho since all the MCs be genderlocked (except Slow Burn ofc so im looking forward to when that becomes public) oooh It Lives is a god tier read yeah about that.... one of the recent blogposts, if you havent read it already, stated the anthology is done for good it sucks a lot yeah :/ yeah that much, we were able to figure out right? the horror genre is one of PB's best assets i dont blame you there is an upcoming zombie book so be looking forward to that! (: dw, the MC is GOC thank goodness wdym? like do we occasionally stream book playthroughs on our VCs? sometimes, but not all the time. just occasionally whenever people are in the mood to do so you just join the General VC channel and go from there like where i am rn if you can see it and when you're in VC, only type in #voice-chat-lurkers if you're not able to talk/dont want to ye go for it if you wanna for sure! and again, welcome to the server! hope you enjoy it here! :wave: Ayo Gotta do chores first :e_minor: oop you'd think he'd pull his own weight if he was gonna continue living under the same roof as his parents seriously, leaving dead skin on the bath tub, eugh :yike: Its just a funny meme from a SpongeBob episode https://youtu.be/X21R6tpeaJs It could either mean youre bored/sleepy or just leave it up to your imagination on how the emote represents you lmao Nah theres no hidden deep meaning XD Just an emote name :DoD_FrogFlushed: Lmao Poor forg :frogspinny: Look at his arms So that way, you can fall asleep to the sight of them And imagining them around you while you drift off Oooooo He lookin fine The epitome of attractiveness :bestinshow: Oh yes I do lol Nah Thats a dreamboat right there Ooh Ugh I have chores to do first Might take a few hours And no more stepping on the eggs :cryingcat: :KEKWhands: Damn they fragile as hell :e_minor: Oooh a get-together  Lmao ASDFGHJKL On Minecraft or in life? :MunchlaxMunch: Oh yeah! I remember  Her comments about Murphy :kek: Sad AAAAAAAHHHH I FOUND IT :kek: @faede Wonder if I can repost it https://streamable.com/51z1t3 Aha success Oh wait She never talked about Murphy on video Viv just said it after posting these videos https://streamable.com/o02lal There was also this one I think these were the only ones SKSKSKSKSKSKSKSKSKKSKS I love Vivs chaotic sister :PES_Hmmm: ***viv***id Wassup? Shit you might be on to something :hmm: Ngo, Vo, Nguyen, Tran, Bui, Ho, Pham, etc. Well Ill be damned Like Shit I could tell you only through VC lmao I cant type out a pronunciation :e_minor: Oh? I have a Viet friend, whos Chinese dads surname was Nguy Wild Yeah a lot of aspects of Vietnamese and Chinese culture intertwine Wouldnt know lol Omg they do I usually have to practice it in my head before attempting lol Indeed The more you know Thats a really cool fun fact tho The thought never occurred to me Waipipo :kek: It really went from genuine and traditional to straight up butchering and colonizing Tfw even music can be colonized :e_minor: Wack :DoD_DancingPoohBear: i'll dm you the server dont feel bad. a lot of ethnic minorities are that backwards. my brother had an Italian friend whose family threatened to disown him if he married a black girl :e_minor: fkl;djkldasks WE DONT SPEAK OF HER BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA we love a petty queen :kek: goes to show even non whites can be racist i know i know  in the words of Kyo's nephew: Poison the boomers with cyanide in their oatmeal and inherit their property still my favorite quote to this day my bad ugh i cant type today stfu tortles that peach emoji looks hella defined in that screenshot LMAO idk why but the crack looks so detailed k;sdfakjfkslkjsdf its because she has a peach ass oh yeah that shouldve been a dump truck emoji tho if there even is one sdmkl;safklkgjlskjk;sffj peach :ahegaopeach: omg we need to get around to that :PBSeeIToldYouSo: nintendo switch? ayy waipipo america explain, am still confusion chanclas my grandmother used a feather duster while my mom used a clothing hangar :e_minor: practice makes perfect :belt: :DogsOfDiscord_2_SMUG: its ok me too you have that effect Viv AIYAAA i say that whenever i stretch or get hurt :peepoHoodieShrek: coincidence? i think NOT movie night in like 10 minutes or so mood its like you with Minecraft Kyo im down :MunchlaxMunch: kk k ayo congrats mhm dslajdjassdfklah omg that was so heartwarming just to read :PES_Heart: sdakljadjlll Henlo Raya was amazing MC with your sister?  lol ig so oooo fun looking nice! beachy Yay Imma update soon Pri :kek: Oh my David supremacy That is all :cat_heart_eyes: :4828_ChrisEvansPeriodt: Lmao happy 6/9 birthday @FraternalGemini :dogewink: oop livin your best life :pleb: Lu being a bad bitch working woman :pAyoo: #open-heart or #choices-chat for book discussions Good luck! Its the fact that my brother is now taking cleaning the house seriously when he invited his girlfriend over to our familys house for dinner for the very first time :kek: Literally never heard him use a vacuum cleaner without being told to, like ever This gonna be an interesting evening Way ahead of you, my mom and I are on top of that :pleb: good luck Lu! and yes, take breaks bc PB loves pitting women against each other, thats why toying with their emotions to the point where they just call them names like "cow" and "man-stealer" :pepeEyeRoll: oh boy another nanny rival hooray anyway @BigHutchHO how do you feel about this Brit DILF?  sdjklaklsjjklsa same thoughts its official, we share the same brain no :eyesshaking: .img Jude Law young can someone confirm? lol ayo delish hhhhhhhhhhhh im too gay for Firework apparently LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO do it Chris Hemsworth there's actually nothing wrong with being attracted to older people, so long as you're 18 or above, i dont see the problem. we are not ageist in this house :forg: LJKSDJKLJKLSDAJKL GO FOR IT BE A MANNY HEAVEN :e_minor: Viv, everyone is taller than you HOE I COULD EASILY CATCH YOU SINCE YOU LIGHT AF I COULD PLAY A GAME OF CATCH WITH JAX WITH YOU AS THE BALL ngl i imagine that as Jax too dlksajsdhksdfla anyway :turtleroll: you both complement each other (: did i use that word correctly? lol your Insta bio Viv LMAO i hate that i remember that get you a mans like Gabe Ricci i've been 5'9 for forever now and my license that i got back in 2018 shows idk my foot size :e_minor: aww Lu's a donor ofc sdl;ksfjklsfjjfsfjjfdfj Lu sees all. thats why she's legally server mom she needs 18 eyes to do it no oh the foot binding thing nvm being a donor is nbd, i see no reason to be paranoid about it oh yeah the ||derailed subway victims|| from Book 1 that was a wild one i was wondering how accurate that was and now you've confirmed it for me, i now know its all really interesting oh wow it just be like that huh nah nah you're good lmao my brother's high school graduation was half mask on/mask off so i'd say we're fairly returning to normal like we socially distance when we're seated but not when we're making our way out of the stadium i think the public trusts one another to be fully vaxxed by now same hat also same hat not even a suit and tie for me, just hoodie and mask in my coffin lmao ooh a lot of my masks are black too, my mom reuses a lot of fabric when she made our homemade mades a lot of our old clothing happens to be black for some reason its my aunt gifting my family a Trump mask right before Election Day and then i threw it into the trash without my mom knowing :kek: :NM_peepoKingHappy: dfksdfklasdfaljsdfa VIV :NM_Kekw: love to see my meme/joke trending (: you could also change it yourself if you wanted to Rashon XD :eyesshaking: :Facepalm: :KEKWhands: p-papi chulo? :shy: tru tru ily2 :PES_Heart: Shon Gone Man Minecraft would be so much more fun if Viv could play with us Same hat :KEKWhands: LMAO WE DOIN THIS AGAIN WE COMPETING OVER WHO PAYS FOR WHO You wish Minecraft Viv can just go on Minecraft and build herself a booty memorial for all to see Challenging Lu and her dump truck Ah right, Lu literally played with us for only a few measly hours ASDFGHJKL We need to properly train yall After my lunch noms Indeed :smugdoge: Because I believe in savoring the flavor Yes As you can tell by my sentences beginning in capital letters I know :turtleroll: yup! it was amazeballs truly Shrek 2 is god tier we deadass were singing to Fairy Godmother's "I need a Hero" in #voice-chat-lurkers lmao sdfkldfljksfjk sorry for forgetting to ping you Andro ^ Thanks I love it :dogeheart: zero dollars and zero cents, ayoooo inch resting August is my birthday month wild i usually go with bicons gnarly yes it is She just simply likes to matchmake and watch couples from afar but never found herself attracted to any guy or girl so she could be aro Shell tease her homecoming date Aiden but that was it Shes literally the obligatory best friend encouraging you to get mounted LMAO Horny bastard ASDFGHJKL Gimme the deets Literally every fashionista character in Choices existence :KEKWhands: ~~its me never having listened to Madonna ever~~ Its just that Im not your TV cliche gay lmao I defy the stereotypes and tropes ~~most of the time~~ :smugdoge: I love your Facebook posts Yeah lol Queen shit Oh wait the one I saw, you werent twerking. Just had a Pride flag wrapped around your shoulders like a cape Oop no bingo for me either Theres the twerking queen :stan: Stan Hey redemptions starts somewhere  Thats on periodt *knocks on your front door*
Excuse me. Have you heard the good news?
Yes Viv has a Pride forg ass I think so yeah. I remember you simping for *a* Disney Princess :forg: Youre right. Silly me in her head, she's telling her to step on her HI KEVIN :aww: ~~Nguyen~~ its me https://tenor.com/view/uhm-me-raise-hand-hi-nick-jonas-gif-16491413 mine was your average middle class public high school located in a mostly white conservative small town but luckily the student body was more diverse and open minded and we had a Pride Club and everything. we still had to deal with our fair share of homophobes tearing down our posters on the walls and stuff but nothing further escalated from there. other than that, popular kids and jocks usually reigned supreme, that one group of rebel kids would either sneak off to do ||drugs|| or ||have sex in a car in a neighboring street|| truly jsdkasda oh yeah and we had the occasional 911 call because kids would ||overdose on pot brownies|| they snuck onto campus even in a quote on quote "good school in a good neighborhood" we have our fair share of problematic students when me and my summer school class nearly failed geometry because none of us were willing to rat out a girl who reeked of weed whenever she walked in and the stench stayed in the classroom atmosphere for the longest time and the cops had to show up, searching our backpacks for anything weed related oh shit my high school or college never had a ||suicide|| but one of our alumni got ||killed in the Las Vegas outdoor concert mass shooting|| it sucked to hear about when i first heard about it on the news being the largest in American history, i just became so anti-assault weapons that day ljsdajdjsgjkdf :judgeyfroge: O oop ofc there's a video... :e_minor: damn no sexual affairs at my school, literally everything else BUT that has happened ah initiations. controversial but no one does a thing about them its super dumb why do people have to prove something to get into a sport or whatever isnt it literally enough to be qualified to play? why bother with the dramatic theatrics and insane stunt pulling? stupid why not both yikes nice you cant spell literally without lit sdklaljkj therapy dogs for all involuntary commitment? i had to look it up josdaskal aww the world just wants to rain on Shrek's parade lame 5150 is a section of California's Welfare and Institutions Code which deals with involuntary confinement of a person for the purposes of a psychiatric evaluation. The term has come to mean both the written request and the client themselves. American public schools yo :pleb: ||teen pregnancies, sex, drugs|| galore yeah American public schools are slightly more lenient about phones same but with Twitter and games the occasional youtube video to show friends :yikes: :TohruThumbsUp: My life is boring as hell on social media but those few things I do send out to people are the most remotely interesting ASDFGHJKL :pleb: :EYES: Switch weather with me. All Im getting is this blasted heat :e_minor: Ah ok then. Have fun! Girl you have no idea how much I prefer dark over light rn lmao Ive had classmates in college who were parents I remember only 1 or 2 of them actually bring their kids with them to class One parent was around my age, the other one was way older Idk. I never talked to them Oh boy Nah the parents in my class were mature and responsible They took their studies and parenting duties seriously Yup But im guessing thats a thing in the Philippines :e_minor: Oh wow Oh yeah I also had a friend who gave birth at 16. She would confidently walk into algebra class with her pregnant belly and nobody judged her for it either I find it stupid that anyone could get kicked out of their school/job for getting pregnant. Like why Yeah It do be like that Its a new world were living in Cali 4 knee a Truly You could find a place out in a rural area for cheap prolly But eh I dont think its very well uh enforced. I wouldnt be surprised if there were any secret situations eugh :e_minor: wrong channel sd;kksdajsdjkasd aww im sorry bestie :( :PipimiClap: :smugdoge: ayo were you there when the Beyonce fans were bullying Raini Rodriguez? or was that a youtube only thing? yeah there was a whole skinny legend meme that came from it yeah as i said it, i knew you'd be familar SDJALSDHDS ldjsaljsadhhsda OMG KIK Aww its my second home mornin @UB3R-B0T lame its just offline atm Someone said the other day that since I'm gay I must like men and I was like hell no they're nasty. KAHDBFG For the record, not all men are hot and there are also hot men that I think are disgusting due to their personality. men can be nice to look at
but they aint shit gay men   lesbians unity :uwu: Maybe its the hot girl summer vibes or sum Thats more like it :HyperThinkRotate: Me whenever Im trapped in a car alone with my dad and he gives me the the time I came to America speech for the billionth time :kek: i literally have nothing to hide. you can easily look into my Connections and see that Drew is just a nickname of mine oop ;kldasjkldskl;sdjla but yeah anyway, Drew, Andrew, whatever. doesnt matter to me. feel free to even use my last name all you want because it belongs to a hilarious meme :kek: ayo FB going down the toilet bc Mark Zuccerberg is shit at his job along with the rest of his team lmao honestly just make you entire profile blank if it helps should be an option down the Privacy section iirc k;ldasdjsaslasda;a glorious take that, me :kek: need to vent Lu? we're here for you Lu yay i can hear that in Kyo's voice too lmaoooo dynamic duo you two will make helping each other out teamwork makes the dream work and so on Harvard can use a little dump truck ass for once :pAyoo: kyo's talking about Minecraft dw lmao kasdkjlsdjkld eh its actually pretty cool looking i keep calling it Satan's temple bc of the upside down red cross oop Ouch, please rest Lu Love that energy Freakin same Omg ily, keep staying safe and healthy god the same deal with Asian families. we're taught and raised to keep everything all bottled up inside because our troubles and struggles are nobody's business but our own. the same thing sorta applies to my sexual orientation. but i dont work that way, i have to let it out somehow. even something as simple as slamming a door closed out of anger is therapeutic for me. and just like you, there will be that one time out of the year, where i just burst into tears when life just caves in on you mentally and ofc the common wiping my tears as well and moving on with my day emotions be dumb sometimes only valid emotion of mine is my love for animals. thats basically about it Oh no :( Hope Sushi is safe and sound now Yikes If it helps, the next time that happens again, be sure to have Sushis leash handy. Rusty ran away twice and with the sight of a leash, he comes zooming back towards me But yeah dogs will do that. Theyll tease you by pausing to look back at you making sure youre getting your exercise and then take off once more Oop Lmao  Oop If its Catholicism, I can help you but everything else, nah I got a headache just reading that message lmao Rashon jumping in Very nice Ive been taking one class per semester throughout the pandemic so Ive been taking it easy, the same goes for my homework xd Godspeed tho My mom with me and my brother whenever we try to go on a hunger strike Shell still feed us anyway out of stubbornness because doting mother Truly Thats fucked 2 measly questions all for that effort Sue Thats basically all Asian moms Sad but true. School is not even about learning anymore. Its about passing. Its been that way for a long time now Then theres me, lacking luck since high school procrastinate and end up opening a bunch of tabs on my PC to mindlessly watch YouTube suggested videos or if im on my phone, mindlessly scroll through social media and games as you deserve Lu hi welcome! welcome well damn ye there are plenty more out there this one is top tier got a favorite book and LI? its cool BB is a good one cool favorite book: VOS. favorite LI: Sawyer from BSC :P mhm BSC is my favorite romance and VOS my favorite mystery anyway hope you enjoy your time here! :DogsOfDiscord_2_CuteDogSmile: hello welcome! hope you enjoy this server oop it be like that asjkldjksjsdlahdsa you also pretty much mentioned you dont want to tell them what happened Asian parent nagging should be avoided at all costs :e_minor: italian man you say :eyesshaking: ^ post it dont give a rat's ass about what anyone else thinks :cheers: oh lord :booster: :nyooom: :sadbear: go off on it Viv yeah still not working. by any chance did you use a completely different one? its more darker than last time or maybe you didnt save it in a correct format like you thought it said gif but it didnt yes her lips are moving yeah its just her mouth ah yes there it is mine is just catching up yes depending on what you wanna do its your choice click to make things happen and the rest will follow oh yeah there's a setting to have story progression on so your sims will react to anything that happens around them no you can switch between families at any time you dont necessarily have to stay with one family unless you actually want to erm its prolly easier if i just explain over VC sdjkakl;sja its not that complicated but imma have to explain that way anyway you literally just click on objects and locations for your Sims to interact with im basically very generic. i make a custom family, have the adults get jobs, the kids go to school and have them progress through their lives like a regular household my main goal is usually to earn a lot of money to get a nicer house and if the furniture is not up to my taste, i just replace, sell, and buy new ones and when it comes to continuing the family tree, i usually prefer only one child per generation bc lord knows i've tried my hand at 2-3 kids and its super overwhelming to take care of the siblings oh yeah and job progression, i have a Sim master some type of skill so that they can climb the career ladder faster bc i like to see results immediately sorry im slow this morning Summer heat makes me lethargic but yes to answer your very first question, i always stick with one family instead of moving out to someone else's. cause that way the household funds remain high where they are and i can remain wealthy the craziest i've dealt with are home burglaries and aliens making my sims, both male and female pregnant lmao i dont make them happen, they just do on their own yeah one of the reasons i dislike Sims 4 is they removed burglars for "trigger reasons" they're afraid of triggering people but like its not even that serious EA thinks some players could possibly have been traumatized by burglaries irl probably Sims 4 really missed a lot of things that made the previous three games special school buses the color wheel the RGB custom system i like having those to match up colors the way i want to, whether its Sims' clothing or furniture around the house https://youtu.be/E8CtcnO9zAI speaking of which, will never forget how Sims 1 burglar music was basically a horror movie soundtrack 2 and 3 were like mischievous and hooligan-like mhm asdjklajlaj i miss the realism toddlers not even a day old telling guests to behave or be kicked out of the house lmao :kek: @faede YOULL ENJOY THIS :KEKWhands: :lmaoNO: Jack judges all no they're still here Kyo prolly pinged them wrong lmao @. there nah nothing is weird when it comes to your fur baby's milestone every year Rusty got older when i first got him in middle school, i couldnt help but think about what might come. but then i push the doom and gloom out of my thoughts and focused on the present rather than the future its completely understandable to feel all sorts of emotions as your pet gets older its your child after all ugh same its not fair dog years suck so much ooh and sea turtles live up to 30 and 50 years https://www.extremedogfence.com/bluey-the-worlds-oldest-dog/ man what a legend 29 years and 5 months fr, a true badass Mornin :popcorneat: and he's left you hanging ever since :hmmm: spit them facts Metta same here god sausage, pepproni and chicken are best on pizza. its why i love Costco pizza from time to time and there's a Red Devil's in my hometown but idk if it has additional locations :perfect: mmm farts tasty :BooParty: wait did he even had kids? lol oh the *other* kind of daddy djklsajkjsda :kek: Gabriel, the only valid boss LI but in this house, i especially stan SCOTT LEE his dad jokes give me life omg ROD dad is precious he did not deserve the treatment the writers gave him i literally just mentioned it lmao smh lol she was a brat anyway lmao does not give her dad enough credit literally, there have been worse dads aww Gabriel :( Gabriel and Leon will always be in our hearts @azula ayo esp happy day to Uncle Iroh from ATLA that song is still so emotional to listen to keep up slowpoke aww Viv :( truly whoever wrote it, props yeah i remember that conversation we had in this server at the time mine is into photography and computers same, after like a few weeks of warming up to Rusty when we first got him LOL watching the character development with my dad and him was actually wholesome dad coming home from work and letting Rusty climb up onto his lap, giving him all the pets and cuddles, literally warmed my heart my dad with anything to do with technology, he's a huge computer enthusiast he's my free tech support sdkl;kjadjd CUTE thats my cousin's household more like lol. Rusty had brown fur precious i bumped my head a lot crawling underneath tables and stuff bc my dumb ass stood up too early LMAOOOO too cute!!!! ~~also your brother lowkey eye candy~~ kl;sdjklsjasad :kek: gnarly a bit :shyduck: :pleb: djklkadjskjsd mood owo never thought i'd see the day y'alls eyes are so pretty oml mine are just a boring brown like any other Asian lmao arm hair, leg hair, but i get my facial hair waxed so im not *too* hairy mhm! my mom does it for me i just grind through the pain so its worth it i do NOT make facial hair work lmao Rae :O fab @Arzaylea ayo its your name in a gif @azula ewwww no i dont claim that gif https://tenor.com/view/drew-dubonbetter-gn-drewtron-gif-18520433 my gif  party girl energy CATTY @unforgivablespelling Lu trynna steal my Chaotic Typer Bard title and i dont even have long nails jksdalkjkl where did you find this gif of me, eww im in it truly :pleb: gn Viv! America explain WHAT DO U MEAN ARKANSAS ... cryptic much? Say potato :judgeyfroge: :fronk: im scared now LMAO :thanos: :stabknife: lmao Pride Month what? love is love and rainbow is rainbow :partyparrot: facts https://tenor.com/view/math-meme-math-is-math-meme-mr-incredible-the-incredibles-the-incredibles2-gif-20591317 :ban: Baby Yoda is cute bby :babyyoda: you're just that popular wassup :smart: same brain cell BAHAHAHAHAHA but its the way you mispelled "cell" @unforgivablespelling which is weird, bc im the dumbest Asian to walk the planet peepeepoopoo epic EARLY JULY MA'AM lmao Its you  Wrenn, Andy, Cameron, Myra, Zeph, and Aisha yup in a heartbeat some days i find myself not into the suburban life anymore, and not having actual goals in life or what i wanna do with my future might just actually teach myself what its like to be productive and hard at work by doing things hands-on it be like that :DoD_SeductiveCow: ljksdfkjdfjkh some people are just that good at taking care of their teeth and some others are irresponsible lol doesnt it depend on what youve eaten and whether or not you took care of the aftermath? anyway i've prolly had at least 1 or 2 throughout my life inch resting it starts off as a buildup of some kind of material, forgot what its called but it does eventually lead to a hole that needs to be filled in oop in my defense, its been years since ive been to the dentist for a cavity lmao teehee no dental insurance count yourself lucky lmao we've had different experiences bottom line, it do be painful jkldaj *proceeds to give the entire lesson anyway* mispelled could never be me. even after braces, my smile uggo af so i smile with my mouth close dimples still be cute yikes im sticking with my chubby cheeks and thats why your smiles slay :eyeshake: Janet??!! Marty!!!! WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE you'd better hope so :KEKWhands: the lighting in that room just loves you lol YOU BIG BULLY ANDREW BUI :kek: btw i wasnt being sarcastic or insulting? :KEKWhands: hmm maybe i just worded it wrong :hmm: nah its more like  gotcha lol i took it back and made it my own :pleb: we love to see it @azula i love the new forg emotes btw :forgheart: :forglove: burn my high school was infested with roaches so that much struggle i understand :KEKWhands: i kid you not, one wandered into my open door Spanish classroom and the first one to scream and stand on their desk was a dude LMFAOOOOO followed by a lot more other girls mice are the best :) my parents just started a garden in their backyard and now it attracts rodents. we now have a reason to get ourselves some rodent traps oh yeah and the bodies of two dead rats were found on my driveway yesterday so that was something :) dunno if it was a coyote, bird or human who threw them on there literally same kdasklj gotta hand it to Pearl, she may be spoiled but she cares for her father nonetheless acknowledge me bish  :forglove: :forgheart: give rae my respects :frogspinny: damn u right my raespects :DoD_FrogFlushed: :bestinshow: sadge must be exhausting lmao introversion ftw :pleb: ooh so like an ambivert? ah Himbo Jax, the gift that just keeps on giving :kek: gn gn :cirNO: ayo same havent had a full summer vacay in forever you know what you have to do Rae Doordash :smugdoge: :thinking_smirk: Chick-Fil-A bby :pleb: Take me with you Forever living in your head rent free Tiny but mighty WTF Now thats something you dont see every day Your friends dog is evolving :eyesshaking: That is actually wild Was it a misdiagnosis perhaps? Oh I see Miracle doggo it would seem owo He can choke me with it An old photo but a good photo welp my mom may be fully vaccinated but she has been feeling fatigue since Monday and now has fever and chills since yesterday and now she has to go and get tested so uh wish us luck :/ dont have to tell me twice, i stay home any chance i get. my entire household is fully vaccinated so we good but i'd rather stay home all day any day regardless. ugh it just sucks you know Thanks everyone Yeah shes a workaholic so she expects to interact with people every day hoping theyve masked up and have gotten at least one shot. Fingers crossed its something minor No its just my mom My dad brother and I are fine Heres hoping Ily2  Thanks Viv :( Thank you Today. I gotta drive her in about an hour You got it Rapid result tests are returned within hours I made it so that they can text me it so its easier for me to read for my mom Thanks man America explain ? you're fine lol i need some cheering up rn anyway jsdakljkdjsla but yeah this one lol we wont know the results in a few hours, my mom's covid test we're all fully vaccinated so we should be fine but it sucks seeing her so miserable yeah ik, it makes no sense normally you'd get them in like 10 minutes or so but online, its like "few hours" i need America to explain :e_minor: thanks man we all be like that sometimes :DogsOfDiscord_2_SMUG: ~~internalized hypocrisy~~ ask your staff team Viv ah :DogsOfDiscord_3_hahaok: :dawg: perfection :dawg: :smugdoge: :dogdance: No not yet. The your results will be ready in a few hours promise was just crap. I had to check the website itself and theyre now telling me it takes typically 1-2 days for test results to come back Istg they keep changing up the rules Exactly Im tired of being told one thing and then having the info switched up on me Oh really? Maybe thats why theyre taking so long to get back to me. Theyre not even sure if its correct I hate it here interrogation time Luzilla klsdajsdjhksda i also love that we gave you that nickname a long while back LOL better a happy Lu than Luzilla https://tenor.com/view/barack-obama-youre-making-a-valid-point-nods-gif-14755239 good luck Kyo ayo if BB let me play as a male MC, it wouldve been all over for you hoes sdajjsahjdlsadksjl ayo happy belated birthday! :birthdaysheep: Oh yeah good news update you guys, my mom tested negative for covid. Turns out it was just a flu :) We were being overly dramatic for nothing :e_minor: Yeah no I get it. During a worldwide pandemic, nothing is too big nor too small. Precautions are better than shrugging it off hoping it goes away on its own Spicy :woof: Kyo is the pursuer :kek: And Viv ofc is the one being pursued Oh no Not again :ohgodohduck: :ohgodohduck: :ohgodohduck: Bullet dodged :dogewink: :PES_HyperReee: Look at stories only when Im bored enough to do so. I havent played with filters in forever tho. I still snap some of my friends on the daily Oh yeah and Bitmoji Stories is really the only thing worth checking out these days Ayo Lu and I on a road trip All about the journey, not the destination :smart: See this is what happens when you let an Asian drive you :kek: ASDFGHJKL Lmao I remember that one Ofc :pleb: Theyre onto us :niapanic: THEY KNOW MY VIOLENT TYPING WAYS If I see the both of us on a time traveling plane, its gonna be too soon :KEKWhands: :eyesshaking: Lmao surprise shawty, we aint dead and havent aged a day :pleb: ~~your best friend is now married to your fianc~~ Ugh I want my own Zeke Landon too :e_minor: nah not me im in full control of my screen at all times does your phone like force you? also if you havent already, update to iOS version 14.6, maybe thats the issue?? weird indeed you havent dropped it on the ground or in water lately? yeah damn idk what else to think of other than your phone being possessed or sum 10 gang i have a earbud adapter so im good having only one jack for charging gn Lu! sleep well welcome TRH in July LOA returning July 7 thats about it iirc gonna be a boring summer with LOA being the only thing im looking forward to atm imagine spending money on Choices couldnt be me i still remember those photos that i can easily Google just by searching your irl name LMFAOOOO i have and uh yeah the schools in my state had something similar. a Twitter page called SoCal confessions they were mostly sexual confessions tho SDJK;FLJSAFHSF they were yet i couldnt stop reading them :e_minor: yes i had my tight knit small group of friends i have 6-8 atm we still have a Discord GC to this day high school was a weird ass era and there was drama here and there regarding a toxic friend who would use mental health as an excuse to escape their responsibilities other than cutting them out of our lives completely, we moved on the best part about my friend group is that we're all introverts so we dont care for big ass plans, parties, gatherings or even social statuses we kept to ourselves and nerd and geeked out to whatever fandom we were currently obsessed with and we didnt care who heard us nearby we also relied on sexual jokes to keep our friendship close LMAO i kid you not, we had no filter when it came to NSFW jokes outside the classroom hands down, you'd bully me K;DAJKLSDJKD;SSDFAKSDFHFK ok ew i'll believe it when i see it jkjk :kek: ily deadass we also had an innocent friend who would drop by from time to time, and we would actually press the off switch on our NSFW jokes whenever she was around and when we really needed to say something dirty, we asked her to cover her ears :kek: god we were such unfiltered weirdos in high school. we didnt get mad when we stole each other's stuff for fun. my friend's tampon was yeeted into the oncoming path of a group of jocks, it was wild :KEKWhands: :eyesshaking: thats valid bullying is only necessary if its the purpose of self defense :smugdoge: my high school friends actually originated from middle school now that i remember lol oh yeah i have a best friend since kindergarten and we still talk to this day :NM_DogDance: same do you not know Kirby?? how uncultured jkjk :kirbyF: :sheesh: i havent had a Zoom gathering other than for school since all of this began oop and then theres me, not needing to celebrate my birthday lmao aww thats cute for me its like "just send me a HBD message" and it makes my day ngl tho i do miss the cupcakes and birthday acknowledgements my high school would provide lol aww :( oop lol yeah that was a thing its me remembering back when my dad was still working at his old company, each month he would bring home the company birthday cake some coworker was celebrating and i was like "happy monthly birthday to me" :kek: :peepoWeebIn: :peepoWeebOut: you ***forg***ot me remembering the time a kid named Kyo younger than me who requested doggo pics from me in my DMs kl;sdajsfsfghdf dunno, but he was a weirdo still was happy to show off Rusty any day :) wack lol gnarly im turning 21 in a few months and i still wont drink :) :raccoonroll: :PensiveClown: :pain: henlo what happened? Louass that is literally me insecure and reluctant to share my interests and tastes so both well how have your parents coped with it? maybe you can get advice from them? mood well for me, its the way that even when i do share my stuff with others, they never respond nor ackowledge and i just end up deleting it all so no one would see. obviously no one would care so i just dont bother sometimes I guess it just stems from a history of me wanting to be outgoing back in elementary school and asking my classmates if they watch the same shows and movies as I do and the more I got put down for it because theyre lame or for babies the more I grew to not want to share anymore. In fact, I just became all secretive and ashamed about it. Ily2 Viv Ye and Im still happy to be here :CaughtIn4K: Ugh I always hated those jokes, esp if it involved dogs I will throw hands Beautiful :kek: No filter :stan: :e_minor: Gnarly *appear confident* LMAO DEFINITELY NOT ME It would take a miracle for Sheng to make a man out of me :e_minor: Oop @azula I still remember when you told me one of your relatives was in Bird Box and I watched it again and I was like oh ok I can see it Ye Crazy OH WAIT NVM Im stupid As usual It says San Francisco on his Wikipedia :e_minor: :judgeyfroge: Ill take your place so it wont be weird :DogsOfDiscord_2_SMUG: :eyes_sus: Jokes on you Viv, its still in my phone notifications even if you deleted it :smugdoge: hot Fine bestie. Just woke up. Hbu? You have to ask that question in #multimedia-shabang :uwudance: thats a weird flex but ok yeah im with you, ive never heard of this witchcraft ... .img shower socks ... not what i had in mind :judgeyfroge: ok but are the socks for like special needs people or wut im confusion weird how tf is the shampoo/soap supposed to get in there then like wut i havent done fish pedicure since my last trip to Vietnam but not washing your feet in the shower :PES_JesusChristAlt: weirdo dklaskhdhsf just do this instead lmao LMAO by not wearing socks in the shower, duh so then just dont wear those shower socks soap and water is still effective this is such witchcraft stuff "How SHOWERSOCK works? The SHOWERSOCK is a disposable sock with anti-bacterial, anti-fungal as well as fragrance and moisturizing properties. Think of it as a shower cap for your feet except that you are also able to wash your feet through the sock while the sock is protecting you from fungal and bacterial infections." still weird to me good thing i dont plan on living the dorm life any time soon :smugdoge: id still rather shower with nakey feet it makes the most sense to me in my household anyway shower socks are the wack ones wym no u ... and shower socks arent? :e_minor: djklalsdfkjfjksdkdf SAME MIND PAIGE thats why God also invented overalls lmao is Metta that old? Metta is wise beyond his years jkladjsfhaphsfj mood its the same guy anyway i still stand by the fact that the natural order is showering with bare feet :smugdoge: No one meaning you (: Markiplier is always a good coping mechanism bare feet ftw you keep telling yourself that :judgeyfroge: lmao :MunchlaxMunch: LMFAO RAY\ MAKING SENSE just Kyo and Lu's usual delusions of grandeur so nothing new sandals be my summer footwear, barefeet whenever im not walking anywhere jldsajsshla I KNOW THIS WINTER STRUGGLE TOO WELL when you play too rough with your dog and you end up slipping on the hard wood floor and he silently mocks you with his toy in his mouth still the world may never know yeah i was jk lmao, socks in bed during the winter are mighty cozy huh what i just got here okay and? no im just vaguely confused what were we talking about? oh bed sizes mmkay smol single bed for me i used to have a bunk bed but it took my mom three years to realize its a "hazard" so we got rid of it ;_; no my brother and i share a room it was fun tho ngl having the bunk bed the ladders were fun to climb for no reason lmao basically anything was climb-worthy for some of us kids the greatest thing about me having the lower bunk is that it was easier for Rusty to jump onto in the middle of the night so Munchkin size K;SDJK;ASDJFSDL "I'm as short as my soon-to-be colleague" Metta, think oompa-loompa sized 6'9 just for the 69 joke 3'9 welp Lmao You sounded like someone who hadnt reached puberty when I first heard your voice so I assumed 54 :smugdoge: Forever stuck at 59 gang I wish :dead_inside: Im taller than Metta? :0 Gnarly Hes supposed to be grandpa tho :KEKWhands: The evidence is clear with my parents LMAO My 50 something mom and 60 something dad are shrinking every day Old people wack Fr :kek: Short people stick together In Russia, hand shakes you :smugdoge: Russian jokes are something else lmao Good luck Lu! My growth spurt began in middle school. Between 6th and 8th grade, my science teacher would see me walking on campus and told me I used to be a shrimp when I had him in 6th grade :KEKWhands: Me a shrimp. I remember those days. It was so easy to make my way around the taller kids during passing period My brother who is three years younger than me is now taller than me. I hate it here LMAO The struggles are real :e_minor: Truly oop thats a big no-no in an Asian family we get our money's worth until the item is ultimately useless :e_minor: "Other than Christianity, another mainstream religion that is commonly practiced around the world is Islam." ~~dont judge me, my essay prompts growing up have always been so basic~~ yeah i figured :e_minor: blankety-blankety blank is a big mood yeah Islam's is just way more backwards and primitive compared to everywhere else @Arzaylea ooh you could also write about their holy pilgrimage to the city of Mecca and how they have to achieve it at least once in their lifetime. or the Kaaba itself Yeah same Weird peepeepoopoo Rae said poopoopeepee lmao :Sadge: #multimedia-shabang yup :Bbay: and i oop Sushi shenanigans ooo fun what do you do exactly? being given too much of it lol :eyesshaking: fun ooh for mature players/audiences o damn it sounds exactly like a video game plot fun times there always has to be an old teddy bear in the little girl's hand lol good luck Lu! Yeah im on summer break because I chose to take a break from classes but I do still need to do my college app Also isnt the financial aid deadline tomorrow? Cutting it close there Ah yes next year :e_minor: Cal Poly Pomona but now Im also leaning towards a trade school because Im losing steam/motivation for a four year I think so but for like very minor positions like assistants Yeah that too Ooh sounds nice :e_minor: tagging myself, im beeps :TE_DISCOFROG: i could also be terry now that i think about it :fronk: Viv is her own forg apparently :froggydance: :KEKWhands: love to see it mood everybody be busy with school :Sadge: it is summer but some of us choose to take summer classes it be like that :e_minor: i was playing sims as always lmao :MunchlaxMunch: ye i did its cute and wholesome oh? aww :( truly sure :eyesshaking: average just woke up we stan a responsible bitch This should be good Anyway Scott Lee Stan :bigbrain: Lol yeah oof for hidden identity reasons right? the only difference is Corpse's voice is natural iirc yeah deadass my younger cousin does something similar but on her YouTube gaming channel, but instead of an anime girl, she uses Doge as her identity :e_minor: people be like that or like kickstarter kl;sdajkfsadf "Virtual YouTubers, or VTubers, are online entertainers, who are typically Japanese-speaking YouTubers or live streamers. They use (usually anime-inspired) computer graphics-generated avatars created with programs such as Live2D and with characters designed by online artists." wack the light green one Morning That is a normal thing that they do Your stanky odor is what makes them feel safe and secure in their environment :) morning :nitrowumpus: It be like that during the pandemic Insomnia maybe? its much better than the Cats musical for sure Scott is our king we stan DADDY SCOTT LMAO https://youtu.be/RKDAorrYg8g you made me think of this skit video  ma'am, have you been watching too much Final Destination? djklksdha ok but in all seriousness, 40 miles is nothing compared to the 50/60 i've seen people try to pull on non-highway roads also im rarely on the sidewalks anymore, im usually the one driving 40 in a designated zone not to mention the fact that i live in a state where you dont need to be special or even qualified to get a driver's license. Californians drive like morons oop but yeah i get your paranoia sometimes woosh indeed i can also feel the impact in the car itself bc someone will just zoom past me in the next lane over and it actually makes my car shook yup :HideThePain: average, hbu? passed my first try but yes you can do it! Metta graduating to ancient gang JKLDSAJKDLSJA i may have passed my first try but i only received three mistakes bc i prolly forgot to look over my shoulder before changing lanes at one point :e_minor: luckily my instructor was a young woman so she was lenient but professional and not some old grouch who expected me to drive like an old person i know and i did both hands, 10 and 2 honestly it was the easiest test ever jlasdjksdshkldf he sounds so proud of that reputation lol Lu: finally a worthy opponent, our battle will be LEGENDARY! then there's me, still not knowing the difference between stick or whatever else there is out there stick and manual vroom vroom :kek: the duck facing down Lu's car: ~~and yes i know its a goose~~ :pleb: :Duck: :NM_DuckDrunk: aight y'all, tag yourself: -big titty identity crisis
-sweet but no brain
-omnipotent god
-wine-step mom
-encyclopedia bitch
-one w goals
-unbridled rage
-rich i'm sweet but no brain ye C major :eyez: :e_minor: :forg: have you finished those errands? https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-errands-gif-11702646 ayo paige, same brain cell :kek: i miss my doggo too but they're in a better place now dw the Rainbow Bridge always treats them right and one day, we'll be reunited and it'll feel so good :PES_Heart: side note: stan Tatum Mendoza. i love your server nickname btw XD my MLM bodyguard romance :Bbay: aww Lu :GWslippyPeepoHugged: Hell yeah Im down Deadass I watched all the previous movies and even the 2-season TV show I need a life :e_minor: UGH SAME Season 2 was top tier Technicalities yo :pleb: Also Miguel from Season 1 is hot ASDFGHJKL Ooh I love that story too. The fact that there was a third wheel involved  I like them all tbh. I cant rank nor favorite lol Third was Election Year correct? Ye. First movie was the rich Sandin family mansion. Second movie was Anarchy throughout Los Angeles, third was political D.C. and fourth was the prequel origin backstory Frank Grillo :samsunghot: I mean the first movie was from the rich people POV and the second movie was from the poor people POV. Best of both worlds imo. Defo. Neighbors getting easily jealous over the others success and luxury I just didnt like that it took place in the same exact location. I like it when the Purge universe is explored more out on the streets 2nd season of the tv show was really cool because you get to see what American life is like off-Purge and how PTSD just runs rampant for everyone Triage peeps TFW you only just realize that hospitals are actually neutral safe zones in the first season of the TV show lol Lu youd be totally safe if you worked overnight during the Purge  Yeah their story was sad. Lowkey thought if both survived, they were gonna magically hug and make up the next morning because love conquers all trope but whenever he tried to be the hero, it didnt always work out :( OMG NOT THE GRANDPA THAT SUCKED The concept of poor people selling themselves to the Purge just to give their families a better life is just horrible UGH Lmao The Purge is one of many reasons why I love the concept of dystopian societies in multimedia The sass for me  They must be uncultured :DoD_Pensive: Omg them What made me a lil upset is that it wasnt actually Miley Cyruss voice singing it on the radio and was some butchered version but ig that was done on purpose for max dramatic creepy effect lol Cause it was all distorted and such Mayhaps Dont forget the foreign tourists who dressed like a fucked up Founding Father and Lady Liberty :e_minor: And when Leo ||finally switched the footage to real time and you see the dead body on the floor, like|| OH DAMN THEY FUCKED :pleb: Lol yeah I just caught up with the knocked out part and I was like uh no that dude was ||defo dead|| :KEKWhands: IM SLOW OKAY There No ones the wiser :Bbay: oop :e_minor: :DoD_E: oh no are we gonna have to binge the entire movie franchise just for Fae? LMAOOOOOOO cause id be down for that fr ngl OOP dsljksajsfhsdlfjs they really are Rashon's child Lu is mad that Fae is starting to share more in common with Shonny than her KL;SDAKJ;FKHJAFLSDA :kek: :KEKWhands: yay :TE_PressF: Yay! Happy for you!  :kek: thats a good question i'd say yes but also no he just chooses not to its super funny how rich people cared about a pretty man-made structure when the Notre Dame caught fire but when the Amazon rainforest was also on fire, nobody batted an eye i can never understand the mentality of rich people. why do you actually have the "enough is never enough" mentality like Viv said, surely it gets boring eventually it certainly warps one's mindset suddenly, you're better than everyone and you feel the need to prove it to others over and over again ive watched too many videos of rich people purposly damaging their posessions because they never have to worry about not affording another replacement. "plenty more where that came from" i actually unfriended someone on Snapchat bc i had to watch as they flushed down their perfectly good Airpods down the toilet like wtf its so stupid. what is there to even gain clout? problematic people tends to cure one's boredom i suppose "you just love to hate them" dklasjd;dk you dont need talent to be famous anymore. what a time to be alive no i hate the spotlight anyway :smiledoge: still no what? ya same here :hoopla: wtf :judgeyfroge: any girl/boy that essentially can only thrive online. does all their work and marketing themselves on there basically? eugh wack :DoD_Pensive: its even funnier when people get tattoos in foreign lanaguages and dont actually know what they mean until someone points out it means something humiliating or unintentionally basic irrelevant but i've seen a lot of stories lmao it be like that huh do people not double check anymore :e_minor: O that hoodie actually looks comfortable https://www.girlsaskguys.com/social-relationships/a52588-girl-wears-asian-style-dress-to-prom-is-it-cultural-appropriation thoughts? i see i see ngl im ridiculously neutral about the subject like i wanna be upset but i have no real reason to do so i'll judge them for being weird but its actually not life threatening yeah that i defo understand sexualize for the sake of pandering to a target audience wut :judgeyfroge: maple syrup polite manners :DoD_SeductiveCow: morning Forg Dont care Still forg like :forg: :2951_YellingWoman: Morning ^ i second this pho good depends on the resturant you go to since there are several brands there's a Pho Ha near me so my dad used to always take me there and they never disappoint me mhm hot pho is good pho oops anyway my brain just refuses to let me be bilingual so yeah my parents sent me to Viet language classes every Sunday growing up, from kindergarten to high school and i learned zilch idk why but i never had the motivation :e_minor: dslakjfhsafd the Deep South likes to feel special with their yeehaw mood but with Viet ice cream? yay ice cream good yeehaw Chinese ooo inch resting bn include the dot underneath still tho happy for u! no wonder it was hella blank last i checked LMAO lsdjkakjjsfh its so perfect Lu dont steal my ugly title. you are bootyful and thats that :PES_Heart: short, with a sassy voice tone, and gives no fucks Get rid of your clothes Lu Its for your own good :) Do it for those in need :pleading_taco: You could make a To be determined pile This mustve belonged to a Dump Truck Its now or never "for 4 hours" :e_minor: oop :rickroll: lol cute being blessed by Sushi's words of wisdom love to see it lol maybe Wrong channel Bel lmao No, life is already doing that to me, thanks :) No shit :pleb: hi bestie! imy :PES_Heart: fine, hbu? eh not much average life average routine mo stay safe Lu! you and @faede @mayline welcome friend! :D @Smoollys welcome to you too! VC all that good stuff we're pretty lowkey compared to others happy to have you here! you deserve some free time Lu, get rest :rickroll: :rickroll: :DoD_FrogFlushed: oh yeah, he was one of my former classmates from high school. big time stereotypical jock who's way into sports. we barely talk but tbf, a lot of my Twitter followers consist of people i barely talk to from high school :e_minor: I never thought much of him when I shared a history class with him but yeah, based on his replies :hoopla: Henlo Mornin Mornin Whenever three people say the exact same thing, it repeats the phrase. Just a fun thing to play around with lol Also usually brings up images whenever you want to look at them Example: #robo-lab-bots mornin :DogsOfDiscord_2_SMUG: :dogdance: :GGShiba: mayhaps lmao she prolly didnt expect you to be up this early Kyo oop im on the edge of my seat Inch resting ~~I get way too competitive than i care to admit~~ :kek: https://youtu.be/1ti2hGaevGg @azula SHEESH :Pepe_Sheesh: mo _ _ g :smugdoge: ofc there's a forg server lol oh wait, minecraft lmao Minecraft simply lives in your head rent free you will get block related dreams :EYES: Lets go to the beach, each.
Lets go get away :pleb: Dress the part like a good Choices MC :KEKWhands: Every time I see the words dress the part, my mind always goes back to Choices books :e_minor: I hate it here Phat mood Idrc for extra dialogue just gimme a good story :4828_ChrisEvansPeriodt: Noice Anyway back to general appropriate topics lol #choices-chat if youre gonna continue Shhhh Dont fight it :smugdoge: Oh right I forgot. We commit crimes in this server As evidenced by this https://tenor.com/view/gorilla-spinning-funny-war-crimes-gif-18253130 :pleb: Fuck Nexon uwu Now what poopee poopoopeepee I aint ashamed of it Do it Relay it and do it Yourself Valid :kek: :KEKWhands: Nice Popular enough to warrant two separate Facebook roleplay accounts that are clearly run by the same one person Its so cringe, Im legally classifying it as pain The world may never know :dead_inside: mood i used to love the beach growing up but as time goes by, i prefer the homebody type of vacation hell i'd rather go to the mountains if i could fr i loved the ocean water. just didnt like the occasional seaweed wrapping itself around my legs and the endless amount of sand in my swim trunks :e_minor: alright damn Uberbot is smarter than we :e_minor: :KEKWhands: Ye aha success :) What are we talking abt (: XD mayhaps sdjklajksfha AKU BAKA noice RAY smh :ELMOFIRE: :ConfusedCat: 9:15 PM here PST gang Ayy Skyrim :kek: lmao the science doesnt check out sadge :NM_PolarBear: oh my i didnt think we'd have to resort to this but okay pls Paige i have a family :KEKWhands: DONT MAKE ME DO THIS THE UNTHINKABLE :ASpanickawaii: DK;LSAKFJJSHJ;SH;FDL ngl i'd be down for either of those :kek: i'm on it :EYES: https://tenor.com/view/mlp-body-mlp-body-mlp-body-bury-they-will-never-find-the-body-gif-15101326 :DogsOfDiscord_2_SMUG: oh no anything but those damn apples :niapanic: gonna need a bit more context Viv :e_minor: oh yeah, some up-and-coming streamer who is apparently easily getting PB's attention with her Choices streams likely some of the fandom theorized that she is indeed affiliated with PB one way or another so like, nepotism :e_minor: LMAO they're afraid the fans would go all ham and brutally honest on them about their shit company ways i remember a time when they actually did live Instagram streams/videos but then suddenly stopped, coincidentally around the same time they stopped doing Book Club posts on their social medias fan feedback went from constant praise and simping to criticism and shaming yeah like months ago back when FA was still releasing they no like being bullied with the truth :( all they want is toxic positivity Hey, you only get two options. If Im going down, youre going down with me OR you take me with you to  pass away  together >:( :PES_HyperReee: Mood food is always a valid reason to attend some large gathering yikes ljksdajdhd; show Lu the picture to confirm lol LMAO parents are spoiling their kids way too much these days, letting them get away with bad behavior yikes a good ol fashioned spanking oof were you two not that close? it be like that friends drift in and out :e_minor: pot meet kettle fr, these days people go all out if they could afford it but it can be too extra sometimes i like your way of thinking tho, save the money for the honeymoon sdjklajhfsdga FR?? :KEKWhands: *+Drool* oop ngl my wedding is just gonna be a tacky Vegas chapel/elopement or sum i do not like going all out lol i was gonna say ~~i'd better be a guest~~ :sheesh: isnt it still dark out over there? oop screaming bloody murder Britney good :owo: Lu suddenly gained the ability to teleport. we're all in trouble now kldskjadfhsf valid Hyped Your government thanks you for your participation :) HAPPEE It is indeed a journey full of lore and dystopian stuff, all that jazz @Arzaylea Ill never forget Season 2: Episode 1 of the tv show where they finally gave us a face reveal of the Emergency Broadcast System voice. I never knew she also voiced a lot of anime characters :eyesshaking: Her voice defo has that creepy factor, sends chills into me every time I hear the broadcast Children are the future. And she was so wholesome in that scene too! Had no idea what she was getting herself into when reading the script  ||So what, is this gonna be for a movie or something?|| Awie Oop :this_is_fine: Doggo :dogeheart: :jerry: Is there no way out of them? Damn, godspeed :GWslippyPeepoHugged: mornin Yas Lol Took you long enough Make me hoe 12 hours later turned into 3 days later :e_minor: Really? Wack Its too early to math anyway Yes were still doing the Purge All the movies and possibly the TV show We need to catch Fae up on all the lore From beginning to end @unforgivablespelling Ayo look, weve both become conversation killers :kek: i hate hearing about the mere mention of that godforsaken festival makes me want to throw up but it also makes me happy to see Chinese animal activists in news headlines years ago blocking trucks on their way to the festival that contain kidnapped household pets its all good it be like that online friends are the way to go these days anyway speaking of introversion, im being dragged to some cousins' graduation party and my quarantine/lockdown anti-social self is not ready to return to life in the outside world once again, family gatherings in an Asian seafood resturant surrounded by people i barely talk to anymore are those the equivalent of ice breakers? oh i see yikes yeah the fear of being judged by judgemental people same thing with my relatives lmao "tell it to my face" i prefer that mentality as well that or just go into my DMs if any of you have a problem with me i came out as gay on all my socials so my friends and family know and idgaf. how they react is up to them tbh, nothing i can do about it my mom thought it was some secret i should keep to myself because my friends and classmates might be "secret homophobes" but four years later, literally nothing has happened. and im still in contact with my friend group and several of my former classmates i mean i understand the paranoia but really, ik which people to be friends with and they all happen to be open-minded so i've been lucky yeah it is what it is yeesh that sucks "but what if i want to be the cousin that doesnt show up anymore regardless?" :KEKWhands: its so much easier when you're already licensed and bring your own vehicle so you can just leave early and drive away :e_minor: license = freedom to slip away from family obligations lmao That is a true fact :thinked: Thank you ~~mayhaps~~ Id get punted to the other side of the planet if I ever said that to my parents :spunkboib: Anyway Im currently being robbed of both my youth and my social battery Well damn, the makeup was THAT good? lmao my gullible ass wouldve fallen for it too, knowing me Noice :noice: :BloodTrail: Oh my peepeepoopoo Lame Nice :peepoToilet: My mom goes sniff/rub the tea tree oil and youll be fine Ooo :DogsOfDiscord_2_pugdance: Ugh yes :KEKWhands: Ooh Viv, you should see the house Kyo is building you. Its forgtastic Indeed And you get to live in it :MunchlaxMunch: Oh boy Good luck Fun Congrats Also fun Its me remembering the time you posted a Mothers Day dedication calling her out as a forg hater  No theyre still married Furi has just been an absent husband And said hell be back :cheetoisslightlygay: :KEKWhands: https://youtu.be/bPic0_eDbl4 @azula just for you Tag yourself: Im the useless bystander on the sidelines watching with popcorn and drink in my hands last i heard, he's just been on summer vacation so ig we could assume that consists of traveling as well yes for the Purge binge oooh you're in for a treat, but horror and some gore, more or less, just a heads up Same Although I am taking my dad to and from his colonoscopy appointment on Wednesday so someone else might have to do the streaming Ill just join in the middle or sum Same. I can just barely hear it sup dork im fine, hbu? check the pinned messages in #tech-channel has all the info on mods yw and also welcome to the server Woah woah woah #robo-lab-bots :e_minor: :dawg: LOA and TNA and essentially AVSP So technically three Next Wednesday Im just happy to see it ending tbh Happy early birthday lmao Yup Its gonna be 21 for me next month lmao Gnarly Eugh who let me live a full two decades :dawg: Yup Since Kyo is server baby, Im basically the middle child Rip legend https://tenor.com/view/cute-cat-crying-tears-sad-emotional-gif-15881815 owa owa Wait really? I thought it was of natural causes Fuck :( I dont blame you. Pudgy was a king Honestly Ive read too many heartbreaking stories before that fateful day where owners would just walk out of the room crying because they couldn't bear to look while the dog looks around in confusion wondering where their human is as theyre about to drift off and I just couldnt do that to Rusty. I wanted to stay in that room to make sure that the last thing he saw before he closed his eyes was my face, the one thing that was giving him comfort and security dont get me wrong, i dont blame anyone who gets too emotional that they dont want to see it happen before their very eyes but i hope more people know that in their darkest moments, dogs rely on you for reassurance. to the very bitter end, as others might say no its fine. you're good. putting down a beloved pet is one of the hardest decisions to make but ultimately, once you review the quality of life and realize there's not much else to do, you really have no other choice. i'd rather end the suffering now quick and painless rather than "wait it out" until it gets MORE painful for the dog. its selfish to to force them to go through all that. might as well get it done and out of the way, end the suffering asap im not gonna sugarcoat it but it is what it is i've made peace with how the world works more or less massive props to all the hardworking veterinarians out there it must be a tough and emotional job thanks Tay, and never stop letting dogs into your heart and life. its gonna be hard but its worth giving them a life worth living because they deserve it  :forgheart: sounds like someone else i know :forg: LMAO damn Sims 4 really added a lot more in same im excited for True Colors Its 6:49 AM over here rn Couldnt go back to sleep after waking up, figured might as well just stay up Ye. Its my favorite Bright and vibrant colors, really enhances his personality and what made him so special in my life i mean, scientifically speaking, they are parents just see the word "parasite" as something ghastly and unwanted so they refuse to refer to them as such lmao :LMFAOdead: they steal their youth before their very eyes bold We love a responsible student indeed power duo :mmYea: oop lmao Congrats Kyo @rashon24 Sugar Shonny, we request your presence ~~mayhaps~~ i reject your hypothesis he's sweet like sugar, whats more to understand? :) kerchoo henlo! how's it going, friendo? Lol sorry, I was about to hop in the shower Im fine, apart from these damn allergies Heat sucks Fr  Cold showers during the summer hit different Just been taking it easy, school wise. Taking a semester break for summer vacation Mood but internally crying Yay! Congrats on moving in with Jon and your job! Wishing you two so much happiness and love  and congrats on all the other work youve done! You deserve all the good vibes :forgheart: No u more Will do!  Grey Delisle herself?  amazing love to see it yup this is definitely a lie LMAO anyway just mix in my ashes with my dog and i'll be a happy soul or launch my body into the Trump Tower, whichever works my paternal grandfather is Gio An Kiem iirc and my paternal grandmother is Elizabeth shit wait i had it right the first time the way i didnt memorize my grandfather's tombstone  but anyway yeah he died when my mom was pregnant with me he's the only one i didnt get to meet i met my other three two had lived in Vietnam, one lived here in the States now i have one left living in Vietnam and my mom occasionally video calls him but when she's forcing the phone into my face, i literally need a script just to talk to him language barrier tingz im sorry Viv and thats cool oop my relatives were pretty random. they either wanted to change their names when they immigrated here or just stayed true to their roots mine are scattered in both Vietnam and here in California my dad may or may not have some distant cousin on the east coast or in France fun times happy early birthday queen! pls have yourself an amazing one! :forgheart: for my timezone it is lmao love that Not a forg in sight but damn that looks good did they happen to be pairs of two men? sdjklahllff oh oof O mk jdskaf  :e_minor: @oge WELCOME BACK DAD :D we love to see those aspirations dfsjladfsdfla i was raised Catholic and i still go to church every Sunday with my parents bc i got nothing else in my life going on :e_minor: 26 kids, jfc my cousin used to make me watch them but i barely remember them im literally all three its ironic bc my church supports the military. all the catholic churches out there are mixed as hell in terms of ideals and morals im 2000s baby, but im old enough to know about the HSM reference in that one episode of the suite life of zack and cody oh no i totally get what you mean Until Dawn  Kiss the Girl still replays in my head occasionally he had you in the first half ngl so mc is still on then oop its on the long list we have A Karen at CVS really began her speech with long story short and proceeded to rant about why she deserves her money back. Im DEAD! SEND HELP :e_minor: AND NOW SHES ASKING FOR THE CORPORATE NUMBER ISTG THESE PEOPLE SHARE THE SAME EXACT SCRIPT :bigmood: rip stay safe lmao Lu does have an electric personality, it might work tech support tings Peak hot girl summer Historians will have a field day with this one  hey lol nakey zooms cant relate lol my professors often gave us the choice and im glad jklsdfsadf me lmao "have you heard the good games?" lmao nice job wouldve made for a funny plot twist surprise shawty, im somehow here when i wasnt meant to be :e_minor: mor m _ _ no it just doesnt work when the same person sent the same message twice it has to be 3 different people gl Viv oh boy chaos let it reign what kind of movie?  Frozen 1 was meh Frozen 2 was great couldnt get into Harry Potter, books or movies whats wrong with Ansel? just curious oh yikes is it Drake Bell tier bad? oof ooo when Lu becomes available, we need to get around to Train to Busan oh yeah we were gonna plan a hsm binge World War Z very good zombie movie this should be good lol i have not never got fully into superheroes tbh hell yeah jackbox i miss it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Jackbox_Party_Pack :e_minor: Its simple really. People like Baby Shark more than Despacito   Tbf its still increasing steadily as we speak. Them toddlers are learning to click on that video LMAO Just spoke with a friend. She said its also because of the tv show that they made thats based off of Baby Shark TV show based on a popular song = exploding in popularity Oop I dont have nitro neither. It expired a while back lmao YouTube is dumb for making kid friendly videos a no-comments zone Exactly  Lu scaring off the newbies xx plot twist: its not Mario. Its ***Lu***igi Take care Viv! Proud of you  slee  Viv :WTFthonk: i did not :0 sdfjkljfkjdja tbh i dont listen to a whole lot of Ariana Grande :hoopla: LMAOOOOOO I REMEMBER dsjkghsa i wanna but  broke and white colonization  although i do have a friend who was born in Hawaii and was adopted by a nice family in my hometown. he and his sister loved it there and always stayed true to their roots and iirc, my parents had their honeymoon there  gnarly wow i've only ever seen some in BitLife, but i recall Mircale, (misspelling of Miracle) and Dynasty dont forget this one SDJKLAJSFH sdaalfk;sfshladsfahl no way :e_minor: it really does tho it is. i had a classmate named Summer and she was pretty decent some parents just dont deserve naming privileges lmao tfdjklsadjffffs two wrestling stars LMAO oh my god they seek more fame by seeking attention through their kids my youngest cousin is named Cecelia, we call her CeCe for short oh damn, i did not know that but she's growing up to be very well adjusted and she's currently addicted to ATLA at just age FOUR. im so proud of her John is so basic lol sdfjlkfdhjsdhk each and every one of them :e_minor: why settle for Rich when you can have Dick waipipo names and the outrageous nicknames that dont even correlate oop mine is Anlope here comes the Popo y O very nice i love the yellow duck, so that one LMAO my mental state in a nutshell just being separated from my mom at the supermarket is enough to make me nervous and im almost 21 :pleb: very nice Nice playlist name lmao Why are you ronin? ayo nice congrats Why do you hate yourself?  welcome! thanks! he was my love and life up until last year when he passed away trust me, its better for you to never think like that i mean yes its true and unfortunate, that they live such short lives but i find it way better and healthier to focus on the now, the present, spending as much time as possible with and loving your fur baby, giving them the best life ofc, dog lovers knows this struggle all too well. and nah, you didnt make me sad. im moving on with my life because he wouldve wanted me to. thats all there is to it. life be like that xd and thanks XD few years now, since 2019 iirc so i have history with this place ups and downs but we're currently chillin meh more or less lmao ooh trust me, this server has moments where we're just all crazy  rn everyone is either working, schooling, or gaming but ya, we do have fun here, chaotic fun we debate a lot of Choices stuff but there are also non-Choices channels where we can just take a break from the app and talk about other stuff music, memes, multimedia, politics, art, all that jazz mhm, we're more or less a tight ship lol but hey, i enjoy my time here and i hope you do too :) :Bbay: yes anthology its really good nope movie franchise and two-season show it really did Oof Gums, no
Tongue, yes
Painful and I hate it is there a specific topic on the community you need to talk about or just like a broad summary on what each of the letter stands for and what they mean? cant find you articles but i do have a youtube video that defo captured my interest ||https://youtu.be/CnOJgDW0gPI|| this short film portrays an alternate universe in which gay couples and their families are the norm while the straight couples are the ones deserving of condemnation, bullying, and discrimination there is a bit of ||blood and violence and suicide towards the end|| tho i remember watching this during a Pride Club meeting back in high school so it has a pretty big impact on those who've watched it ofc https://www.cfr.org/article/changing-landscape-global-lgbtq-rights decent article i've found. consists of a timeline of important LGBTQ+ related events throughout history, the rights of every country around the world and whether or not the country provides them, and current events @azula FORG ICE CREAM congraetulations Since when did the Deans list sound like a bad thing? It has always been a good thing for schools around the world Oop I see omg i used to make a beeline to the display model at CVS whenever my dad took me when i was like 10 years old or so  Target, i always checked out the video games in the very back of the store lol this is the franchise so far + the tv show. the tv show takes place in between Anarchy and Election Year btw @azula I bless you with this forg who plays the harp the simp energy is real  Yum agreed dogs deserve longer lifespans we're practically each other's emotional crutches @azula  It hits especially different since im a former dog owner and proud to have been Yay!! work husband?  inch resting very nice i've never a job bc im a loser lmfao bet djklsjjjfs STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP  i will go to questionable doctors until i find one to rip out my vocal cords athletes are way hot lsdaklsd;jh;lsad mood blonde Lu  same tho yes but far away-ish from LA much inland in a conservative town :e_minor: IE nah thats still far from me lol but yeah technically i do live in LA County so oop mhm djklsjksds yeah we dont claim the conservative OC ye cali pho *chef's kiss* we have a huge Vietnamese community here so you're guaranteed authenticity my dad used to take me to Pho Ha but then my mom decided i should have homemade pho and its just way better :3 esp with bo vien, oml nah Pomona aww ye props to small business owners during these troubled times ooo nice love to see it howdy you have every right to be freakin pissed you should write a letter oof Same hat with the California sun :dawg: Quarantine hits different when you realize you actually havent gone outside for so long lmao HIMBO "Why do we even have that lever?" akl;sdkjd couple tings huh? oooo California born here, live here oh wait didnt someone say a while back that you'd be florida? XD one of our many beaches, dunno which one tho since there are so many that are similar to one another lmao lmao he no like the camera "it doesnt get better"  gay people hear that at least once in their life this would be your type of woman tho jklsda real life Azula Same looks AND personality is on point :0 666 nice correct me if im wrong, but isnt it due to catcall culture that we've developed this mindset? yes there are whole career out of it love to see the entrepreneurship ah i see cant offend anyone if you just dont say a word to them and mind your own business, period :) lmao seek that attention anyway yeah i have a hard enough time just making eye contact with a sales clerk better off that way for me true lmao mood like sometimes i dont mind small talk but like gah damn, lemme leave lsdjajsdk he'd prolly burst into flames yeet yourself outta there the perfect "tag yourself" perfection ive been saying an-hero oop lmao lajksdja VC time oof the world may never know i knew it lmao oooo what movie? noice lmao the timing there's a tv show now btw not sure how to feel about it its uh yeah ooh cloverfield was terrifying The Possession was pretty good a very good one Weiss and Stuffed  , nice new nicknames lol A Dog's Purpose :) sdjkla god i love those even i dont know what that is the first thing that popped up for me was My Little Pony for whatever reason OH I FOUND THE 4CHAN THINGY djkl;sfksdfjhdadajl BUT WHY IS THIS A THING im a 20 year old living on Earth, i have no sanity left (: me (((((((((((((((((((((((: ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((; i like to see it (: qt :dawg: We all have at this point lol Anyway welcome! Noice Have fun! Good series If you have enough Prestige points, I say go for it Save your diamonds (: Fun oh jeez, take care of yourself Fae Viv, the reference is literally within the reference  ah i remember that episode :forg: Magic School Bus was my elementary school jam :Bbay: twice in middle school and at least once in high school SEATBELTS EVERYONE jkasdlsda hell yeah TIM AND MOBY OMG BRAINPOP WAS THE SHIT https://tenor.com/view/brainpop-tim-and-moby-tim-x-moby-gay-tim-brainpop-gif-22189887 jkldsjsdjksdjl the sing-alongs now i officially feel old @Arzaylea now twerk to this one oop rip yes (: fun the only valid mentality phat same lmao most of the time, i just predict my own downfall  hard same you are entitled to your wrong opinion :mmYea: Gl Lu Howdy Howdy howdy rebranded Jaz was trying to demonstrate since there was a discussion a while back they were debating whether or not its useful for Discord users Indeed. Stay safe everyone its confirmed, you are the top in the relationship :Bbay: versatile  oh my lmao hot keep it going lmao i miss my bunk bed tho oop top is superior tho bottom is where you get a good view lol some people... trying to find the ladder in the dark so you dont fall off, i remember the struggle jldsajjjasda\ get bunked my brother had the top while i had the bottom bunk, ladder was directly in front of my right foot damn so much for good girl behavior loyalty livin her best life poopoopeepee  indeed all hail, and bow down lmao mornin howdy relatable seeing how fucked my sleep schedule is oh wow i havent flown EVA Airways since i was in elementary school the one reliable airline for my parents when they wanted to visit Vietnam They always have been lmfao Im just surprised people are only now just catching up/realizing Side note: happy Friday the 13th everyone for those still within it Guess youll have to wait and see  truly a gem :) howdy good morning just woke up, wbu? timezones be like that lol we all be doing different things atm a what? lol ah brain dead i felt that lmao :WTFthonk: :elmofire: what security? all they have is Mara and Bastien and they can barely qualify as mall cop rejects  https://youtu.be/kFtciJR-HBg the only bar i'm willing to go to lol i also love that the Puptails dont have alcohol in them, just like the Puppuccinos at Starbucks dont have coffee in them okay then? not to mention the fact that iirc in the rules, it states that no one is allowed to ping the entire server at once for any reason. so like that was a such a random but meaningless move of course he did. im not even in that server, so i wouldnt know  anyway, that was overly melodramatic ^ good LMAO go off queen bottom line: hes batshit crazy who likes to seek attention in the most obnoxious way possible lol its ok aaron i was asleep during the whole thing too oh wait i forgot youre three hours ahead of me LMAO asdfghjkl pls oop yum ooh filet mignon good shit yes Stuffed is Lu  LMAO song remixes in general? oh ok LMAO fae wants jordan and who can blame them he/she definitely could be asian men hot oooo lmao Asian Liam really fine tho  asdfghjkl LMAO no fucks given Asian Liam hot but his personality stank Australian Welcome Committee facts lmao coming from the neighbors perhaps? lol secondhand weed its a very strong odor, sorta kinda similar to a skunk spray. but that was just my very last experience from when someone reeked of weed from my old high school earthy ish damn lol fr tho ive driven past skunks but in the form of roadkill and the smell seeps into the car, even with all windows closed shut  YES ASDFGHJKL way different smell than asphalt  but yeah me neither. im too timid irl lol the city that never sleeps LMAO he came all the way from Sesame Street just to greet you Viv ): OH MEESTER NOODLE i did not new yorkers are on something strong GOD no, i remember 2016-2017 anything trendy tends to conclude without a warning :e_minor: SLEE LU poopoopeepee we left so you can sleep  :pleb: oh man :( how long have you had it? damn spotless record now broken the only thing cracked about my iphone is the screen protector :e_minor: same tho jdsajk good thing i brought it up lol i also mistaken my cracked protector for the actual screen all the iphones in my family are hand-me-downs. my dad always has the latest version while my mom and brother and I get his old models that he keeps lol oop guess there is no perfect smartphone lmao Apple supremacy no phone case?? wack jsajlkjad a flex i vaguely remember having one lmao living dangerously a case thats of my favorite color >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> mine is dark blue lsdjajdjasda anyway my phone case is dark blue, forgot what color the actual phone was :e_minor: i could, but im lazy :Bbay: :) frog supremacy :forg: you dont need permission. change it whenever and however you want oh boy  for science men are desperate lol they dont call her Viv Nye the Science Bi for nothing number steadily increasing lmao fr lol aww wholesome content mornin agreed tbh i love light rain the kind you can just walk outside in without it being such a heavy downpour very therapeutic omg yes, esp at night. rain tapping against the window helps me sleep. way better than whale noises on a machine :bigmood: stay safe east coasters ooh whats that like? oh ok so they basically read all of that for you gnarly https://www5.putlockerhd.io/ i've been using this one a lot :P yw Kyo left to resolve a personal issue and Furi is Lord knows where how times have changed :hawyee: you'll be sharing Viv with Strife tho XD  battle it out :elmofire: or like make it a throuple, idk either way, i'll be entertained :pleb: Strife is male tho  dkljsajdfsfha https://tenor.com/view/youve-made-some-very-valid-points-alexis-alexis-rose-annie-murphy-schitts-creek-gif-20791490 man our ancestry.com is gonna look dysfunctional as hell morning hmm uh theres no need for that its already advertised in #ads-and-partners yall stay safe Lu and Fae i mean iirc, there are burritos just for breakfast. hence breakfast burritos idk if there's a difference xd hmm lemme see ah here it is i havent had one since elementary school morning dude :forglove: the only valid religion first day of in-person school tomorrow for me since the pandemic began. both nervous and excited. i signed up for trigonometry and astronomy so uh this should be interesting :e_minor: thanks Lu :forglove: fully vaxxed and willing to mask, i think im ready to return to normal, well as normal as can be :) thanks Rae and gl to you too! :forgheart: morning not everyone wishing me a HBD a day early in my timezone  but thank you everyone!!!!  aww gracias! i had trig today and the professor is pretty chill. lecture was easy to understand and god, i actually miss being in a classroom, crazy enough. loved seeing everyone all masked up. anyway tomorrow i have astronomy on my actual birthday so im looking forward to that the most :Bbay: truly. deadass i havent looked foward to a class like this since American Gov't and Politics. she was passionate personified and i passed it with flying colors. i miss her ;_; mhm! a friend of mine hyped it up so i thought i'd give it a try. im mostly looking forward to the field trips we might take lol it is virgo szn after all :pleb: mornin lol thanks guys  welcome back Kyo! and thanks! :hawyee: not kyo coming back only to wish me a happy birthday then leaving  ugh i know the struggles all too well. drink plenty of fluids and take an allergy pill if you can. they actually work wonders and always have a tissue box near you thanks fae  lol its fine! :hoopla: i appreciate the sentiment nonetheless. the one thing he came in here to do  :forgheart: loving the Louis and Clementine pfps btw Fae TWD will always be amazing what the actual fuck how does he keep getting in shouldnt he be on the banned member list? eugh he was that one dude who had a girl best friend who was later revealed to be his second account that he was pretending was his friend a creep yes he admitted to so many disgusting acts it was so sad lmfao, looking back at the conversation of "two separate people" conversing with each other bruh what like get help both if im being honest ah manipulation yikes cant tell if thats just him being edgy or him meaning it but i genuinely hope someone irl in his life gives him help, he needs it badly so many issues with that freakshow we love to see your work treating you right you deserve it for all your hard work mornin ooo yummy! @azula you can go ahead and remove my birthday role now lol oof i can imagine all the riots and fires gnarly mornin hsdjklah i will soon Mother i know you said a while back that you havent read all the books  but damn, i didnt expect that number lol ... sdjklajsdshshk that is a true fact its me, im the wood here's my surname origin. apparently its both of Viet and Icelandic origin According to a user from Denmark, the name Bui is of Icelandic origin and means "Farmer, peasant or dweller". A user from California, U.S. says the name Bui is of Vietnamese origin and means "Special one" yes i am (: imma special peasant LMAO bueno jklddshsa :dawg: there are several gamers at my school so with every semester, comes an announcement that one of the students in our classes has a discord server to join for homework help and such which reminds me, i have a funny short story to tell  he really said no cheating in this christian server after the dude made the server, some rando declared we all cheating to pass the class but the server creator said no and kicked him right off the bat lmao just one of many examples of what a school discord looks like lol occasional drama, yes :pleb: lmao dont tell Lu :elmofire: and yet here i am >:) mwahahahahahaha indeed im rebelling my class tomorrow doesnt start until 11:30 AM anyway and its a 17 minute drive without rush hour :pleb: you can try but even shes asleep by now lmao ive had them since high school its practically a trendy look for all my peers at this point  we all matching *laughs in Gucci* :e_minor: :YellingWoman: goo-chi yup lmao :IDKher: well thats the correct pronunciation so yeah  from FA oh you mean who else loves Ayna lmao carry on oh lol anyway yeah she was the teaching assistant in FA it did wasted potential :Bbay: What from PM Interpol agent LMAO hey now, this is gonna be a fair election :mmYea: man if only i had Nitro  #announcements you can get the Poll Squad/Announcement Squad roles to get pinged for polls and other stuff oop likes you already had the Poll role but forgot what channel lmao yes and no she was more of a NSA character oh wait i forgot, were you able to hook up with her in the book or nah? anyway Wikia says she's a love interest so there's your answer oop im happy that PB lets you be a hoe but i love my robo bf too much same lol male Asian Hayden is my perfect match human men suck anyway :Bbay: there will always be that one forced LI they'd need experts to write that type of romance route one who has actually been in a poly relationship proper communication is key, from what i've heard oop #lovehacks hasnt been active since May lol :Bbay: No August virgo szn :Bbay: :pleb: were all biased here by claiming our birthday months are the best months  anyway august supremacy mine is the month between cali summer and fall season (cali summer weather extended) along with my birthday, and the destruction of Pompeii by Mt. Vesuvius   the only reason she's a partner is because they're all close friends in secret. sponsoring but without the money so many other Choices youtubers and streamers out there, yet they never got PB's support i find it a little odd they want us to watch the livestream of a book they say wasnt popular enough to deserve a sequel its an educated guess people on the facebook fandom are also speculating the same thing they dont even bother trying to hide their favoritism and im guessing people are actively trying to boycott these streams, hence 0 views its just so cruel that they're doing this to the fans. giving that one streamer or two so much love and spotlight, yet none of it went to the book itself, hence why they remain stand-alones the "not popular enough" excuse is starting to get really old well guess what, the streamer isnt popular either and the fans are making sure of that LMAO all that ass kissing was worth it for her, i suppose it was prolly a minor thing at first. like "omg someone really loves our books, lets help her get support and viewers with a bunch of shoutouts!" and then bang, she's declared their #1 fan GIVE US MORE OF THAT PRAISE THAT WE REALLY DONT DESERVE UWU lmao roast it dont know their names NIKKI CAGE YAS THATS HIS DRAG NAME seems like it its the nepotism for me i'd listen to it ghjasdljkg it really is sketchy tho. PB doesnt even bother hiding their favoritism and nepotism Im Andrew, Andy, Drew, and Drewergard, pet name courtesy of Viv  true several classmates have called me Boo-Boo because they mispronounced my last name at first OR Bui Bear  same bestie tired of the heat gimme sweater weather again  first week of in-person school complete :hoopla: time for some me-time ~~and a last minute application for a university~~ this is my third year of community college after the pandemic hit, ive fallen a bit behind on my required units and categories i need like one more damn math class and i should be set, hopefully with or without a winter semester being my last yeah i understand that. though id be lying if i said i hadnt reconsidered going for higher education. currently just rethinking my future atm, may or may not go to trade school. something like that anyway like after community college, i was thinking of transferring to a uni sorry im just tired rn yeah thats exactly what im trying to do rn. completing my pre-req and general ed before transferring oh yes 100%. im genuinely enjoying my time here. met cool people, cool professors, and everything is so lowkey and easy based on my motivation and willingness i see, i see CC supremacy truly worst/funny how? inch resting smexy oh no lol gl lu y'all sleeping on Li Shang and it shows he is the epitome of "bisexual starter pack" what Viv said. you were here longer than i have and that makes you an OG. you've done no wrong, you're kind, you were there when Jordan departed, you were always here when your friends needed a laugh or advice  mornin night Also Lu: looks can be deceiving  Naps, period >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> *waits*  i did :Bbay: morning :e_minor: Austin is a kangaroo, not a raccoon lmao but yeah they really made Uniqua something unique but doesnt exist irl every other cast member was an obvious looking anthropomorphic animal but Uniqua, she cool Fae is gonna be the one to discover the Snipe and name it Kevin Kevin Nguyen also Dug supremacy https://tenor.com/view/dug-up-pixar-up-disney-up-disney-pixar-up-gif-4067543 12/10 good best boi aww sdajkljsdhahsdja wait so does she have moments where she has the broken high pitched voice? lmao O but the evil voice co-exists lol ah Karen confirmed oooo like forg the time you said your mom hates forgs lmao :( forgs are our friends tbf im back in school now lol time to burn the paper and the spider the more you know  same thing with the Native Americans who believed in a third gender called two-spirit. that is until the British colonists came and ruined everything with their religion and intolerance as well asdfghjkl isnt it funny? life was so much better when the indigenous peoples of their respective continents lived such simple lives where being gay was okay and there was more than two genders. Native Hawaiians, Native Americans, Aboriginal Australians, etc etc and then religion came and ruined a perfectly built society LMFAO ILY AARON colonizers ruin everything :e_minor: ;-; im already loving my schools Discord hub  schedule is becoming smaller once again even TNA2 is well on its way to concluding all that'll be left is TUH and TRF ugh nothing to read just mining true deadass saved up nearly 4000 diamonds bc i have no life hsda;jkdsdh 3900+ ROE4 really packs a punch ig thats left "open to the players' imagination" similar to TRR MC's family and past so realistically MC was just a low class working orphan lmfao yeah that part was unrealistic defo realistic slice of life but a good one lmao i would've liked to see a spin-off called Father of the Year, had it been popular enough. shift the focus from single mother's POV to single father's POV i havent seen an actual gay dad in Choices since HSS and that was so long ago ah BOLAS2, best book in Choices mhm true ye i have complete faith in Andrew Shvarts mood lol Chelsa also hyped up FA and look how it turned out lmao facts but also this ofc  it fits so perfectly alongside my precious pomeranian pfp :) you got angy pomeranian and i got hapy pomeranian Pomeranian supremacy truly ye we discussing it over in #choices-chat mornin Moaning Krusty Krab pizza, is the pizza for you and me :e_minor: excellent :) morning it be like that huh when Discord is such a big part of your life, it lives in your head rent free, along with the responsibilities that come with it :e_minor: we love you too Viv  gotta love the fact that my mom is asking me for help to find a friend of hers on Facebook. problem is: the name is Thanh Nguyen and there's a bajillion of them on the FB app LMFAO fuck that one Viet emperor that forced Viets in the ancient times to change their surname to Nguyen  lol nope ah yes, common Indian surname lmao :e_minor: oh damn :pleb: exactly lol if you consider 80-90 degrees "chill" then sure same with California it be like that well yeah bc its night. come day time, Satan sticks his ass inside the oven ugh im tired of this heat ngl im ready for wet winters again dont get me started on the constant mosquito bites its why i stopped wearing shorts often outdoors with jeans, i can at least protect my legs from bites oof good luck ugh right? the struggle is real like i said, cannot wait for the actual cold weather in the winter, when all the flies and mosquitoes have pissed off and i can just stare out the window into foggy bliss only in like late December :forg: not all of us live in Indonesia like you gawd i need freezing rain again my car needs a free wash lmao imagine being able to park indoors :e_minor: same weird sleep cycle you're either fully rested or just having recurring dreams lil history lesson weeeee persecution ma'am you dont have nitro LOL but yeah worthy of judging dude really is the reason why there's so many Nguyens both in and outside of Vietnam. and why so many clueless non-Viets think they're all related :e_minor: :pleb: tbf Viv is the owner of the server, so therefore, she's been here longer than i have lmfao P O O 
P O O P E E 
P E E ouchie youre both good tho? oh no oop surgery time needle and thread lmao i think it only happened once with my dog and his chew toy. thank god my moms hobby is sewing :hawyee: gonna leave a scar if you have the money, sure otherwise you could just keep sewing up the current ones theyre prolly just gonna get chewed up and ripped apart over and over again lol so thats up to you Treat Your Dog Day aww cute! i love those sm octopuses are cute but so is the shark i would say both yes blue because im biased and its my favorite color lol smiley blue :pleb: anyway woke up from a dream where everyone in PCF were taking turns twerking to WAP for a TikTok video and i was the cameraman  Aaron was the last to go before i woke up lmfao i remember your pfp vaguely lmao you, i definitely remember  anyone who has ever done a face reveal here, i remember vividly you can check #ads-and-partners for suggestions to start you off nah getting popular by the day lol big same it depends on everyone's timezones and their daily routines some of us have school, some of us have work, some are sleeping, it all depends on our free time and whenever we feel like popping in from time to time usually when there's a spicy topic or question being asked, thats when you'll see the most activity example: #truth-or-truth with the QOTD bot close, i already had breakfast, just getting ready to go to school now lol yeah pretty much :pleb: lol remember the time when i was doing the welcoming but i kept scaring them off?  from time to time, ye same i stopped doing that after a while just to see if people actually stayed lol people no like being pinged xd ye ah yes i remember him the biggest ES stan around same like honestly i dont even care about being pinged. pls get my attention lol only science i can remember is the mitochondria being the powerhouse of the cell jklsdjjhda earth science was my best science, all others meh damn its been forever since i've seen a textbook i've been downloading free ones from the internet eh sure yeah from what i've learned, earth science gets more into depth about how the earth formed, rocks, minerals, landforms, that kind of stuff. when i took geography in high school, it was more about countries, people, and cultures ooh like how borders were drawn? stuff like that? ah cool prolly geography because maps you didnt see nothing lmfao topography
[tprf]
NOUN
the arrangement of the natural and artificial physical features of an area. oop noice any science that requires math is hard af i disliked chem and physics xd well i hated chem bc the teacher was shit in high school. by the time i got to college chem, it was actually tolerable it really does depend on the teacher nope its still thriving here it literally counts as a career at this point rather than a social media it was proposed but never really fully enacted meh anything he did was ultimately useless anyway lmao just more empty promises but yeah afaik, no big major apps have been banned in the USA, let alone TikTok only slightly but yeah youre tripping lol ooo yum Lays are good no Doge, this  oh i thought you were implicating Viv had vinegar separately kl;sdjk;jka i am so slow today but yeah, you'd be surprised at the kinds of flavors they'd put into chips :e_minor: i honestly used to like mint as a flavor in certain snacks but eh :hoopla: there was also mint ice cream yeah me neither lol :this_is_fine: uh :WTFthonk: ngl i never liked peanut butter. im not allergic or anything, the taste just wasnt for me i couldnt even get into PB&J :dawg: its an American childhood classic so idek xd yeah like cheeseburgers and pickup trucks  yes American hillbillies/rednecks like to make pickup trucks their entire personality also i've had too many bad experiences with them, meaning they're usually the ONLY ones trying to cut me off on the road without signaling. i generalized them as assholes lmao i shit you not, its almost always a pickup truck driver being the most reckless on the road in the US yeah and its usually the ones that were modified to seem and appear higher and bigger than the other vehicles on the road. the people in those trucks tend to be the most aggressive the regular smaller pickups on the other hand, the ones used for hauling and working are the complete opposites. they actually use their turn signals and are courteous on the road wack mhm true always a bunch of equipment in the back lol thank god for dashcams our highways cams can be a bit outdated as well cities and states never bother finding the budget to actually upgrade their quality so yeah, all our cars are being fitted with cameras to make up for it https://youtu.be/uE8dkDWrFaQ anyway have a laugh lol the thumbnail is just too good bc you'll see what happens to him towards the end its the macho ego for me truly bees are endangered rn so i'll cut them some slack. hornets, wasps, and mosquitoes tho, can do the die bees actually do ignore you tho if you just stay perfectly still and they'll just mind their own business @Arzaylea dis u tho? shut up lmao LMFAO LEAVE ME ALONE ||https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/what-is-the-difference-between-bees-wasps-and-hornets.html#:~:text=What%20Is%20The%20Difference%20Between%20Bees%2C%20Wasps%2C%20and,4%20Differences%20Between%20Bees%2C%20Hornets%2C%20and%20Wasps.%20|| spoiler tagging bc they do be looking terrifying :pleb: eugh i think so im not an outdoorsy person but unfortunately i still get stung the most in the summer i wouldnt know, i never had to use home remedies for stings im from an Asian family, i just apply Tea Tree Oil to any strange bumps i have on my skin lol they actually do help a lot tho dunno if its widely available but i do recommend it .img tea tree oil the one holistic essential oil i can rely on lmao we make a lot of jokes about them XD nope it is theres just no date yet most likely late what Fae said last week of september quite possibly they want us to spend money on Keys and VIP so badly so they said, no more Monday releases :dawg: ugh i genuinely miss Monday releases i miss the M/W/F system in general maybe when pandemic restrictions have eased or so idk whats happening in their workplace at the moment or how the manager is handling the workplace conditions Miss Rona is a big bully :/ it appears so it definitely seems like it tbh just been one dry spell after another spam their emails once more lol LMAO i love that wack LMFAO my brother Vincent and cousin are wild af  LIGMO LMFAOOOOOO DED .ud ligmo for those who dont understand  i love your sister's names for Choices characters Sukdeez sdjklaklsda i love it ratpatootie she should do youtube playthrough commentary for Choices  i only subscribe to quality content and that would be it kl;djkl;sdjkl yes PB SPONSOR VIV'S SISTER im enjoying these so much lmao im also enjoying the fact that the music feels so out of place the broken smile she's so excited to see the prince, doesnt want the other guys i dont think PB can really monitor/censor the way we name characters anyway lmao they give us way too much power and freedom with that feature  ah i love that lmao peepeepoopoo no choice but to stan  ~~mayhaps~~ ooh what color are you gonna do? oooo pretty!!! am i seeing a sneak preview into your and Jaxs wedding vows Viv?  ayo welcome back Kyo its me remembering the days when Lu was the trial mod wild i c i c lmao its always good to have you in this neck of the woods been busy with life? lol but srsly dont ping everyone gotcha, no prying :ping: are you back in-person classes yet? oh nice very noice "I am back" ooh science and health-related? oooo gn Kyo Kyo would plead the fifth  i dont mind car rides so long as my favorite music is playing and im by myself. the longer the commute the better because its just so therapeutic what id give to go on a road trip with no specific destination and just enjoy the scenic route preferably up to Oregon or sum esp when it comes to freeway trips and watching the buildings and trees and power lines just fly by, and the occasional farmland. like wow, this is what the world is like. i forget to appreciate what i have back home id love the fresh air if it also wasnt so hot lmao so i keep the windows closed and crank up the AC :e_minor: yay, congrats! good luck! same actually. air travel can be really enjoyable if youre not afraid of heights. its me still clinging on to my child self wanting to get a window seat just to check out the view down below me. whether its cities or vast fields, mountains, forest, or the cloud covered ocean, nothing beats the view from a plane window. ngl i so miss being on a plane. it was always such an exciting adventure when one is a little kid. i dont even mind the uncomfortable economy class section. as long as theres an entertainment system onboard, im chillin who knew the sound of a muffled plane engine can rock you to sleep lol but yeah, bringing children onto flights, i can do without yo they should create programs for child-free flights. everyone would be spending money on those  no kids allowed. just adults who want a quiet journey without being disturbed by a temper tantrum ooh thats a nice color lmao wild currently being suffocated and sweating in formalwear as im attending a church for my latest deceased grandparent. the funeral is overseas so this is the next best thing damn, it really suddenly hit me. i have no grandparents left alive anymore truth be told, i was never close to any of them growing up. due to a language barrier and my brains refusal to learn my own familys language, i never really talked to them. it was always nodding my head politely and smiling, pretending to know what on earth theyre saying to me and those few words i do understand, theyre more of a repressed memory at this point makes me sound like a total ass but idk thank you Viv yay! hope you're settling in okay! ofc mornin once again, YouTube always ruins everything ngl it was hard for me to choose at first lmao i like them all ;-; i'll literally sleep on it tonight and whatever's more popular by tomorrow morning, imma just vote on it. i still love my babies Bryce and Tatum tho <3 he does omg Hawaiian men :forgheart: So we are gonna have to put Puzzle to sleep soon as well :/ ooh cute!!!! Asian basketball player rep KK #irl-squad thanks Mara morning fam Yeet :PinguDab: LMAO Either Viv or Rae could go either way am i wrong tho :) oop oh shit u right damn stepping down were debating whos the more milf on this server and we decided on Lu i mean you pinged Rae so im assuming you wanted one :) :dawg: and she can kindly take it as she sees fit MILF actually stands for Mug Id Like to Fuck oh thats a good one :forg: any mug that claims forg supremacy is valid i drink out of a measuring cup because my parents are cheap af lmao my brother deadass has a mug with picture of him, his gf, and his friends in a group photo can never part ways from the plastic nipple teething on the teat you also need to ask kyo if hes eaten yet apple juice is good tho i havent had it in years i switched over to water for my hydration needs oop lmao international house of pancakes very popular breakfast restaurant chain apple juice good :dawg: man my pee is yellow as hell. i really need to hydrate more  mhm thats a healthy color as well ok THAT is TMI RAY STOP Ray had the audacity to tell me TMI when he talking about a different type of liquid piss off :) flamey-o hotman squirts light me tf up oof have fun ly2 and gn stay healthy you got it LMAO perfection oop ooh fancy Japanese ah oop mood, and with my own family's language lmfao sdkllkjdj Kyo's IRL photo has been permanently installed into my memory so there's also that my brain could never oh my my state requires us to learn at least one foreign language to graduate high school and i spent the first two years of high school half-assing my Spanish classes jklsdjkldk mine has so many tone marks https://vietnamesetypography.com/tone-marks/#:~:text=Vietnamese%20is%20a%20tonal%20language.%20Accents%20are%20used,%28%20ng%C3%A3%20%29%2C%20and%20%E2%80%9Cchesty-heavy%E2%80%9D%20%28%20n%E1%BA%B7ng%20%29. its wild af ha i stopped taking Vietnamese classes bc clearly i wasnt gonna ace them lmao i know but why did there have to be so many thats four more than i need my brain is just incredibly lazy i'll never be fully bilingual and i've accepted it different tones changes the meaning of the word now im getting elementary school flashbacks or rather Sunday school flashbacks not really missed out more like didnt even bother bc i was too busy daydreaming of being anywhere else in the world my parents have accepted that i'll never fully master the language lmao, they deadass gave up on me (: welp  because one is easy to memorize multiple gives me a headache my parents and i have a mutual understanding when it comes to my Vietglish lmao same with my best friend who wants to become a spanish teacher and i use spanglish on him ah the days of my dad yelling at me on how to tell time on the clocks sdjksdjkldjkljksd the lower dot below a letter has me in a deep voice the one language and its culture i dont regret learning in community college was American Sign Language. it was at that moment when i realized babies are smarter than we give them credit for. seeing toddlers who can hear well signing with their deaf parents was a really cool thing to watch. fingerspelling and all that jazz ASL was a fun class lmao RBF counts as body language we like to see it i have the RBF whenever i stay behind my mask while posing in family photos since the pandemic began  everyone around me takes their masks off for the photo and im just like "the mask stays on" im still afraid of the virus and showing my ugly ass face on camera i love not having to smile for photos, the albums are just gonna consist of a bunch of pics with me with a mask on lmao i love it oof hope you recovered well :( aftermath covid can be a bitch, so i've been told it was the COH-VEED for me :LMFAOdead: omg someone send the tweet aww damn yeah idk how the hell i've been lucky. been following all the basic public health rules since the pandemic first began and by the time i got fully vaxxed, i was a happy camper also i genuinely fell in love with wearing masks my insecurity can be properly be gift wrapped nah Viv and Kyo laughed about it too she had to try extra hard to sound Filipino while saying it it was actually funny to listen to she wanted to be as anonymous as humanly possible so it was valid because when she normally talks to us in VC, she almost sounds like a valley girl lol i keep reading that as coh weed lmao cough drop ooh we should plan a VC one of these days i sound like James Charles so i apologize in advance for your ears i absolutely hate my voice but i willingly talk anyway omg that was such a distant memory damn i forgot you were there to watch us play mc wack wow it feels nice to be antagonized and ganged up on once again :hoopla: jk anyway yeah my memories are spotty thank you sdjklasdjkldj i'd love to hear it oop the prepping oooo damn hang in there kerchoo Nurse MILF fun yes she is XD she's just not as active here. more in Spoilerland she used to be hella active here tho before being in charge of Spoilerland just use the Gaius emote from SPL and she'll be summoned lmao or mention Duke Richards yus not you spoiler tagging just one letter  true poor everyone who was ever named Richard lol Duck you Ducking text me back oh boy lmao ~~also my elementary school crush was named Richard~~ :e_minor: ancient history nobody in particular xd mostly lol i crushed hard on someone named Marco from high school Latino who was a huge car enthusiast but eh im kinda over it at this point fax still, that wont stop me from checking out the nearest male jogger on a street corner as im driving to school lmao djkjksjslj i will not become that kind of motorist that just stops in the middle of the intersection to ask someone off the streets for their number  yeah no i totally get it, thanks XD <3 lord knows my confidence tank is emptier than my self-esteem and will to live man i so want a himbo like she does ;-; yes indeed so chaotic i love her djklasdjkla i can never steal her Jax she's either asleep or working atm timezones man truly when we all have free time xd tis a school night for me welp holidays or weekends, hopefully I Love Lucy classic we wear pink oop nice color tho i never said i was, whore have fun https://tenor.com/view/cho-deo-khau-trang-dog-cute-mask-tik-tok-gif-16849989 me in public getting ready to face the day and the world no confidence for me anytime soon :pleb: might as well oop still a cute gif tho mhm https://tenor.com/view/wholesome-lettuce-epic-gif-19230464 this never fails to bring me joy hell yeah lmao i remember when we used to do that true esp the bullying tendencies asdfghjkl jkjk but seriously tho, Viv could grab the collar of my shirt and lift me up against the lockers like Jocelyn does, full stop lmao then again im too fat to be lifted anyway :dawg: pero its true :e_minor: mhm Captain America can also snap me in half https://tenor.com/view/chris-evans-chopping-wood-captain-america-avengers-the-avengers-gif-9741636 its me im the wood :mmYea: *nosebleed intensifies* i may be a shitty person but im good at being gay :PinguDab:  ~~guess im facing the daggers~~ jkjk REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE those will be ineffective. here use these: :lgbt_knife: :lgbt_knife: :lgbt_knife: :lgbt_knife: and instead of red, im bleeding rainbows https://tenor.com/view/rainbow-puke-gnome-gif-17332897 truly lmao i love these kinds of gifs https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/473514627943366657/846153400676909056/1087bfbf-ecda-40d7-b8c6-6e0685b2010b.gif this one also be hitting hard mood same, with honors sdjkkjsjkls CQB rawr oh damn, id call that a good day lmao speaking of which, i hated that i slept an hour after my alarm went off this morning. i had to speed up my commute just a smidge to make it to class on time :e_minor: sleeping be wack like that not even our phone alarms can be enough to interrupt us smort every time i go to the dentist or orthodontist, im always reminded of my freakishly tiny af mouth  curse you, gene pool like i kid you not, if you saw me with a neutral expression on my face, it looks like im pursing my lips but thats just me doing absolutely nothing with my lips theyre just way too small in diameter :hoopla: this but the doctors and nurses have to literally pry open my mouth wider to get the tools inside :e_minor: ugh yeah stretches and struggles DUMP TRUCK hi-ho, hi-ho, to my nursing shift i go oop thats why we have the #nsfw-chat :) lol aww O its not obvious? i mean hes wearing a backwards baseball cap ofc hes having a stroke it explains the Chads behavior  whos Henry  ~~i shouldnt be one to talk tho, men in backwards baseball caps are my weakness~~ i prolly met at least one but he never wore a baseball cap he was hot tho Henry is an underrated name in my area. dont see a whole lot of them Viet moms always name their sons something thats either generic or unpopular OMG I FORGOT ABOUT THIS CHARACTER childhood always party with this Henry tbf all the trains from the Thomas franchise do lmao choo choo bitch -NHTSAs slogan probably National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ive been listening to too many ads that were paid for by NHTSA reminding motorists to not cross the railroad tracks when the train is about to pass through ye, i have such vague memories of the last time i rode the Amtrak it was fun oh wait, it mightve been Metrolink, not Amtrak, that i rode as a kid Japanese high speed trains tho, it would be cool af to ride those or even the Maglev in China valid i also just remembered the maglev is not exclusive to just China :hoopla: ooo driving is also fun no doubt air travel is the most popular industry in the US esp with some good ass music and being by yourself in the car california mood truly yes the freeway feels like actual heaven when there are no cars around my vehicles radius not having to constantly watch my sides or behind. just looking straight ahead and enjoying the scenery cali traffic sucks but driving during non-rush hour with music is therapeutic ugh yeah. toll roads have their pros and cons less traffic because people want to avoid paying for it, but also, paying for it the other one has way more members i believe they're just not active we're the better one obvs LMAO facts I SAW THAT VIV :eyez: j gh https://youtu.be/Cap0BOzizbw VIVE LE FRANCE lame https://tenor.com/view/penguin-hide-you-didnt-see-anything-penguins-of-madagascar-gif-15123878 https://tenor.com/view/agatha-wink-gif-20772888 :PinguDab: mornin it is my mom and brother coincidentally had a similar interaction. only my brother suggested my mom SHOULD dye her hair but she refuses and would rather get rid of her gray hairs the old-fashioned way: tweezers now my mom regrets birthing him neither does my mom lmao working woman life i dont get gray hairs from stress, just acne breakouts :e_minor: oof nice! mine has mostly healed throughout the years drink plenty of water kiddos ree yeah i find myself doing this more and more now it happens but its also true what they say. it becomes less frequent as you get older. and the more you ignore it, the more likely it could go away on its own probably depends on ones gene pool mhm side note: i really need to stop eating greasy meat lmao also same luckily to get to my classes, i often have to climb a lot of stairs so thats a plus my dog used to be my motivation to exercise but now its just my school being hill-y as hell with all our stairs girl, i remember a time when it was so normalized for two teenage girls to pop each others pimples right in the middle of high school english class  im literally sitting nearby at my desk doing work and i hear two high pitched ouchies i also had a friend junior year who would watch pimple popping videos on instagram because theyre satisfying to watch  no clue lmao whats even funnier is that she got me invested as well and i would lean over her shoulder to watch with her  everything dermatology told us not to do, we do it anyway :PinguDab: the resulting pus is disgusting tho definitely lying to themselves (: i wash my face every day but the pimples still come and go im not always thorough tho but a washcloth is better than nothing all washing your face does is just getting rid of the previous days dead skin cells same all we had was biology lmao the teacher just gave us that advice when she bothers giving the time of day yup and my anatomy class was deadass cheating central and the teacher knew it because she let us look at our study guides during exams  easiest A i ever earned asdfghjkl ofc a handful of teachers at my old high school achieved tenure so they got away with that shit mood thanks to programs like Proctorio, it makes cheating virtually impossible lol it be like that it does glad my Proctorio days are behind me. im genuinely motivated to listen and learn when im in the classroom program where youre locked in your online exam and the camera has to be on at all times to monitor you for any sudden body language when youre working on your exam you cant have any other tabs open my professors would make me readjust my camera so that my desk and hands are viewable to be recorded my chem teacher didnt care about adjusting cameras so i was able to half ass my way through that final exam lol too much math combined with science the only thing in my background is the living room window blinds. my computer faces a corner of the living room so i have a cozy corner to do my studies ofc theres the annoying sunlight that pours in and caused a glare on my PC screen during that one time of day ye its better that way but then then sunlight gets in your eyes depending on how many windows you have lol or lack of curtains thereof bro the pandemic actually turned me into a vampire i hated having my windows open during lockdown lockdown gave me an excuse to stay indoors and i did not want to suffer from the evil rays  because im such a gamer light burns me i thrive in darkness and gloomy days ofc i am, im not a psychopath :) :dawg: nah nah throwing the football around is where its at esp since im a terrible thrower :mmYea: lame fine then ill just sing like a dying goat sorry for being a dumb american yall  arent they like the same equal amount of intense? as in likelihood of concussions and shit? as far as i know ah oof even as an american, i still know jackshit about sports lol they definitely do if i needed proof, ill just listen to Shakiras Waka-Waka lol the song was a bop tho ngl ~~only me~~ i also remember The Nights by Avicii but that was for EA sports iirc yeah lemme find it https://youtu.be/WcImu2y8EAM may he rip :( i was so devastated when i learned he died aight good luck doge https://youtu.be/VyVLOdC8Qlw the last one had me rolling  damn well glad i can end your day on a good note yes lucid dream it yup could never be me :e_minor: only way i can get a bizarre dream is if i actually get a good 8 hours even then i still couldnt control the events but getting a full nights sleep makes for spicy dreams for the most part yeah for me, the only way i know for sure if im getting enough sleep is if i wound up waking at least 2-3 times in the middle of the night after a crazy ass dream. where the scenario felt like hours had passed but i wake up and look at the clock, only 15-30 minutes had passed. it sounds a bit weird but thats how my weird brain works kinda like sitting through a short film, if thats how else i can explain it oh yeah defo. ive also had dreams that resulted from some scenario i think up inside my head as im lying on my pillow staring at the ceiling right before i close my eyes ya, me teleporting into one of my favorite video game worlds and just exploring the possibilities of it the mind is truly a powerful weapon taking a pop quiz on my phone hits different but i defo aced it. it was for extra credit anyway and my class score is already above 100% lmao when the hell did i decide to become an overachiever eugh when i saw these two on todays class lecture, my mind immediately went to minecraft  the way i only recognized andesite and diorite from a block game :pleb: mayhaps Morning at least you dont sound like James Charles https://tenor.com/view/burying-dying-dead-grave-gif-17189345  @Arzaylea dis u? have fun me too :hawyee: hope he comes back soon one of the newest members of this server weve grown fond of him as the months went by hes currently on hiatus from all social media iirc ye, he is truly an icon  lmao yes  i will gladly be killed by @Water Puppies uwu a dream @azula i love your forg banjo pfp btw. reminds me of your roblox username :forg:   hi as you should treat yourself faceclaim for White Ian yeah like Aaron suggested lol maybe something to do with the batteries mine goes off in short intervals when the batteries are dying but yeah that lmao it goes straight into your neighbors' walls ye it kinda depends on how old the alarm is faulty design with my home's case lmao it be like that ooh looks reliable getting ready for my astronomy class to start in a few minutes oof i had to show up in person for my photo id but im glad i was allowed to dress casual i hate formalwear lol oop blue ftw im taking astronomy as a gen ed but im loving the class so far. im currently chillin rn i flip my school pictures over where i cant see them because theyre mostly cringe and embarrassing  my parents wanted to buy them but i didnt want to look at them :e_minor: Metta uses makeup?  i just wanna see pics :aww: o creative  ooh good luck. get it out of the way so you can have fun times ooh early bird ofc! :PinguDab: oh wow MC Hammer that song was way too common throughout elementary school i swear they play it at all the assemblies :e_minor: hot the damn "t" key being right next to the "y" key and having beefy fingers lmao esp if its a bot command since they arent technically full fledged words so auto correct doesnt recognize it as said word morning https://youtu.be/kxGWE3pCybo @azula how Jax managed to capture your heart hop i love this. iconic oh no forgs are friends, not food :forglove: rip what goes on something to do with version iOS 15? oh F is the old device not connected to Find My iPhone whatsoever? or are y'all not in a family plan? yeah that could also work oof next week :this_is_fine: no, what is it? oh that sounds like a lot yikes gnarly lmfao sad no free speech no telling the truth about the Chinese president we love a politically accurate copypasta oh wow imagine banning a whole ass movie because that one actor has different political ideologies :dawg: king shit yay! :aww:  happy for you! .ud whet :dawg: *into the room, i know you want it* its Lu listening to Cant Touch This by MC Hammer once again for me oop nvm *last where we left off* im remembering this reaction lol :0 morni Mor Mo M _ _ _ _ damn Uberbot doesnt recognize the _'s lame uberbot :) felt that. my irl alarm occasionally penetrates my dreams as well but i always remember - Brandon Rogers cool forg in your nickname btw :0 my sleepy ass thought that was a bird lmao :e_minor: gnarly  who she has a snake? yeah but what other snake has the opportunity to brag, thatssssssss right bitchesssssss, my mom isssssssss Britney Ssssssssss-pearssssssssss  snek i love non poisonous snakes. theyre really cool. and one time i was at a science camp for fifth grade, i let one climb over my neck and shoulders. 10/10 would do it again  i read that in Lilos voice, idk why :e_minor: smort https://tenor.com/view/think-smart-gif-22411928 >.> pretty average, hbu? ooh good luck! i loved social studies. was my best subject in any grade level   HI BESTIE :D LONG TIME!!!!! How have you been? missed you! also been busy, more or less. classes are pretty aight. got two upcoming field trips to look forward to. so im excited for those oh yeah and little brother moved out for college so our formerly shared room is now my own room. yeet an observatory for astronomy and possibly the San Andreas fault line for Earth Science i did a little actually. where my brothers computer used to sit, is now a proper memorial for Rusty :) no other ass like Miss San Andreas  wait a minute old picture. i got a new one there better slightly different but he deserves the best truly, a king floof indeed. i love the breed so much some of them also heavily resemble foxes which i also love :PinguDab: i will  @Andromeda anyway enough about me, been up to anything interesting? oh yay! good luck! :0 hey hot stuff uwu :) hey go big or go homo :eyez: lmao sadge its because youre barely active :hawyee: lame breaking my heart :YellingWoman: i was there for some of the more recent new drama-ish lmao :hawyee: hell yeah Gaybriel Ricci :aww: :PinguDab: :( i take pretty much everything from yall every day so like, this isnt much of a difference  im not strong enough ;-; lmaoo aww that guy he had PASSION SANTIAGO i just remembered his name XD oh god eww no, no one has to see my body aww the stereotype of latin men having passion for their women lol ISABELLA MY LOVE :elmofire: MY PASSION BURNS FOR YOU do it he loves being pinged ;) ILY @Water Puppies uwu :ConfusedCat: lmao anyway dont always expect him to respond right away. he lurks in this server so he usually messages here at least once a month. Lurker Squad do be like that :0 ooo ily boo i cant, im not latin  hot gn Lu! add it to the list lmao LMAO yall are torturing Abyss rn asdfghjkl Megamind do be an underrated movie tho *gasps*  Aku you uncultured swine id rather avoid physical confrontations lmao much rather be on the sidelines with popcorn innocent bystander gang :pleb: king shit lol bewst SPL needs an animated icon  oop lol youre gonna summon Abyss here as well  Aku as per usual :) im loving the spooky vibes and its not even October yet :D mhm ILITW is PCF, pixelkim is Spoilerland best of both worlds story time Lu?  take your time lol :e_minor: oh damn so the school is to be blamed for this entire ordeal. miscommunications and all that yikes guess yall are gonna find out then yeesh and then it all comes together write them a no-nonsense Yelp review @kylie davis welcome facebook friendo :D  ofc! :pleb: also side note: Happy first day of October! :redfield: @kylie davis our facebook friendship in a nutshell  https://tenor.com/view/daring-today-are-we-spongebob-squidward-gif-22508233 Spook me being prone to allergies all year round at any given moment, i usually have no choice in the matter. i go through so many tissue boxes and its probably the only household item my parents spend a lot of money on  oh damn feel better dude :/ a lot of people sneezing is gross when its not your own lol it kinda be like that when phlegm is added to the mix, its even grosser defo all part of being human, making gross noises xd depends on genetics i suppose i also live with elderly parents so the hacking noises usually get louder and grosser as every morning goes by being in a human body sucks period, no matter what age lmao im just saying being a human overall has its ups and downs but mostly downs because of how easily our bodies break down  truly remember back in the day when the main cause of death was falling down the stairs? what safety precautions we had in those ancient times :hoopla: its no wonder people were in such a hurry to get married and have kids so early in their life. they knew people around them be dying of the most preventable causes yup before modern medicine what a time to be alive xd oop as Doge said, might as well donate your body parts to someone in need lmao lmao get bragging rights my last grandparent wasnt able to be active as his frail body prevented him from climbing down the stairs from his second floor bedroom but he was a real trooper for making it to 100+ before Miss Rona decided to be a bitch ass hoe its alright. my mom is feeling better about it and so am i she's picking up the pieces and moving on and im glad she is truly :forglove: yes have a 60+ dad. can confirm ouchie. try and take it easy, yeah? yeah at first i was just seeing memes on twitter but ppl are defo hyping it up so imma give it a try as well very dystopian looking too its like those past movies from before, Truth or Dare and Escape Room but more horror like i've been meaning to give those a try as well plot looks yummy you wanted/expected it to happen?  i know but still lol  anyway tiny but also old oofles how tall are you bestie? ugh its too early nah thanks nvm got it gnarly imagine my surprise when i found out i'm taller than all y'all at 5'9 but its ok, my brother who's three years younger than me is taller than me so serves me right :hoopla: he's like what, 5'11  hey, you'd be surprised a tall lurker could be around and about watching us but staying silent Metta, thats your relatives lmao braces were hell throughout high school. but the straight teeth were more or less worth it. still tho i couldnt eat much of anything without the cycle of pain teeth brushing was esp annoying now im currently putting up with my Invisalign retainers pretty much oop good luck with the hw wishful thinking bestie, wishful thinking we blame President James Jimmy Carter he started the path for America to convert to the metric system but then gave up LMAO were a simple species and by simple, i mean simpleton oh really? :0 asdfghjkl i thought italians called it football as well O ah i see .ud calcio lmao yank i just wanted to confirm XD youre right tho. i should have more faith in you sowwy :( tell it to me some more i love being a doormat :D apologies bestie uwu oop my high school has a golf team anyway :hoopla: brain sport wack lmao i seem to be doing well ~~not really~~ but the real question is: is cheerleading a sport?  :pleb: yeet just wanted to know yalls opinions, thats all man there were only ever two guy cheerleaders at my school, breaking stereotypes during the entire four years its funny because were not strong in education nor healthcare for all  California supremacy we can swim, its fine west coast, best coast west side represent were a freak show bestie. sit back and pop yourself some popcorn :) no thats me :D LMFAOOOOOOO oh wait my bad fuck math pls blah bleh  it was on the tip of my tongue yum under where?  short stack LMAO where a kid can be a kid i remember going to mcdonalds just for the indoor playground twas fun yes yes in-n-out best burger restaurant yall could never :) love you too :D its ok metta, shes just jelly we dont claim the tiktokers LMAO d-do as i say, not as i do facts we got the moola .cowsay California has all the mooooooooo-la we like to have fun here :) california dreamin baby yes lmao when Miss Frizzle said, seatbelts everyone, Lus tiny body just launches into the air instead XD kk and? :D hi not mine, thats for sure no year is ever my year (: no (: no (: nah (: pffff me too sorry Cupcakke reference morning :pleb: tbf its perfectly normal and esp healthy to not have any social media whatsoever and Discord is technically more of an instant messaging and digital distribution platform Discord is a combo of its ancestors, Skype and Teamspeak and its just way more advanced valid awww character development being in a country with limited resources for the specified topic and education on the matter and after a crumb of social media, you're glowing lol also valid ugh im so sorry  i came out to my parents years ago and they begrudgingly wanted to drop the subject altogether after expressing a not-so-open minded attitude about it Viets dont like to talk about their feelings at all so its just weird fingers crossed at this point but yeah better to have it out in the open then having to hear more of "hey, you'll understand one day when you have a wife and kids of your own" which got super annoying ever since then, they stopped using the word "wife" with me when talking about my future so thats something they really do be old fashioned and came from a country where attitudes towards homosexuality just sucked i guess so truly Bitmoji, yes sup kylie just to replay older books, yeah. the new current stuff just isnt interesting to me wbu? valid anyway watcha up to rn? yeah this server consists of people from all different timezones so were all either asleep, working, or schooling im getting ready to drive to school today its 7 AM so i had to wake up an hour early just to get ready yup! my school has been open back up to in-person classes for weeks now and im glad tbh. i learn so much better in-person than in virtual thank you! :bigmood: oof good luck :e_minor: frfr not my classmate falling asleep and snoring loud af  good thing the students around him came in clutch and woke him up before the professor noticed rip for me, midterms depend on both semester and the professor. they tend to things differently and not everyone does the exact same education plan yup damn facebook owning all those entities. when they go down, everything else goes down its only ever active when we have something interesting to discuss lol or if were roasting each other :PinguDab: god i hope not REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  capitalism baby .cowsay Deal! gl Lu .cowsay It was no picnic for me either, punk ass :pleb: lmao lol funny thing is Insta disabled being able to see other peoples likes in order to boost self esteem Twitter is my most used app and theyre still alive and kickin Insta and Facebook could never lol im loving all these social media memes i only talk to like 1-2 people still on Whatsapp lol he can go Zucc himself at times lol i got bored with it after like a day :hoopla: ||https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyme_disease|| oh jesus better spoiler tag that hope he has a complete recovery if only :hoopla: but better late than never i suppose it was always such an annoying habit. competing with one another for more likes. and everyone including myself fell into the trap then i graduated high school, unfollowed everybody who never really cared about me so i finally woke up like damn, i used to care about their opinions even Twitter has its bad moments as Max Black said from 2 Broke Girls, Twitter is stupid and Instagram is Twitter for people who cant read  my favorite show and yet we cant stop sending each other those videos lmao its the way the USA almost banned TikTok during the Trump admin Twitter is just more relatable i got bored with TikTok after a day  i only ever view Tiktok videos when theyre reposted elsewhere like YouTube and Twitter oh dear god Logan Paul and whatever else his name was or was it Jake i dont fucking know lmao facts inb4 they make a Discord version of the movie Unfriended  and thats why the term children are our future has been associated with a doomed society lmao in a nutshell only TikToks i genuinely enjoy are the ones with cute animals who dat? what he post? O me remembering the days when Instagram was only used to post food and drink pics and now that has shifted over to Snapchat kk me tapping rapidly through the instagram stories lmao but i watch my friends snapchat stories fully i loved the dog filters lol god when i would just sit in a high school classroom and play around with the filters during free time and my classmates would photobomb me and now we both had the dog filters on. those were wholesome moments oop oh yeah asdfghjkl the filter would just attach to a random object in the corner of your camera like oh shit, somethings watching me from behind Pokmon Go suddenly gained popularity even with the non gamers when i was in high school. people were walking around ||discovering dead bodies|| wild times bathroom pokmon Talking Angela freaked me out ngl but yeah it happened here too me neither xd Talking Tom tho avoided all the controversy yes the era of Talking Angela and Tom was when i was addicted to the more mainstream apps like Angry Birds, Subway Surfers, and Temple Run right? :e_minor: time flies when youre having self-isolation (: OH GOD DO YALL REMEMBER WHEN PEOPLE DESTROYED THEIR PHONES OVER FLAPPY BIRD?!?! Flappy Bird was so addicting so im guilty of dropping my phone a few times out of frustration  Vine had the best humor oh my GAWD, i think i found my berries *spits out* not my berries the one non animal tiktok i did like was i smell pennies https://youtu.be/1bbCdXQ2YF8 i love screams being suddenly cut off lol man i remember at one point, it was called musical.ly before changing to TikTok wack it really has been five years, huh mood but at 21 oop technology be wack today plot twist: it was a cyber attack ya-yeet! gnarly F Gong Yoo can feel free to slap me into oblivion  indeed :e_minor: still good and gruesome all the same time oh really? funny thing is it took the show creator like what 2-3 years to get the show approved but kept getting rejected several times before now its super popular in so many countries wild yeah id rather not see it get milked among other things morning OMG DO IT @unforgivablespelling ASDFGHJKL FINISH MANIFEST hell yeah  three seasons baby i wanna be slapped out of existence by Gong Yoo https://tenor.com/view/squid-game-gong-yoo-fighting-hwaiting-kdrama-gif-23127886   we'll just move to thirst channel then ;) mhm I dont need it, i *definitely* dont need it I NEED IT the highlight of my night was helping my mom help a tiny frog out of the garage after the poor little guy hopped into it. i wish i got pictures but i was more focused on helping the little guy get back outside into nature where he belongs so im happy. he was so cute  :forglove: its a nice political statement tho lol the struggle is real :e_minor: forg knows how to truly live life to its fullest all they want is to meet a nice partner and make lil tadpoles together truly, Squid Game is good even if its hella predictable for the overly observant viewer :pleb: :caticon: what ||he did to Ali|| makes him unforgivable they really did make him take his shirt off at least once huh?  Gong Yoo tho  the first time i saw him in Train to Busan, i already knew he was attractive. like hot dad alert. and then come to find out hes in Squid Game  forget the money. just slap me for free reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee you could also wait for when we watch that for movie night with Lu and Fae  enjoy the emotional rollercoaster btw just wait and see  dunno yet, they usually plan them on a whim lol LMAO mood HONESTLY SAME like wtf, after all youve been through, youre really gonna put ||reuniting with your daughter on hold just to be a superhero? like bruh i would just leave that country and never look back|| ||leave the bad memories behind and just move on, even after a whole year of survivors guilt. you dyed your hair, you got yourself new clothes, just move on|| :dawg: good luck (: pero why sdkajlsda know any *other* possessive dominant single dudes?  i didnt even know servers *can* lose boosts wack :hawyee: weeee! thx fae :PinguDab: squirrels are natures greatest warriors very good lol, i keep calling them crackers when thanking my parents but the wrapper begs to differ gotta love a simple vanilla buttery flavor hey Viv ***FIS*** the food or Kyo's dog?  valid :) oof bad quality huh you'd think they'd try and improve customer service more if you complained enough my jealous nitroless self is grateful :P loving the frog theme  you know what they say, the correct answer is *usually almost always C*, most of the time ;) The idea that C is the best answer to choose when guess-answering a question on a multiple choice test rests on the premise that ACT answer choices are not truly randomized. In other words, the implication is that answer choice C is correct more often than any other answer choice. >:) gnarly and now B is hopping aboard the "Let's Make Aku Anxious" train lmao lol ayyy PhotoMath clutch af +Aku whats new? oh damn trippy i am trying way too hard rn, even with online tutorials lmao oh well guess i'll stumble upon it some other time likely by accident, knowing me yay, hope you had fun hey im down  welp luckily for me, i dont like QB lmao indeed :pleb: ily2 mwah  ayyy +Losers Together same lmao it is what it is (: for me, its just a little too how do you do fellow kids https://tenor.com/view/old-man-music-band-how-do-you-do-fellow-kids-feeling-young-gif-17269329 nah its the dialogue that only fits for high school and not college lmao at least HSS let us take down a corrupt principal :mmYea:  Dyno-mite ayyyy ayy ayyy morning gn Aku! mornin we've been modded D: its a tragedy https://tenor.com/view/thurston-waffles-meow-scream-glowing-eyes-cat-gif-15740056 it says it all in the eyes lol meanwhile my eyes just simply disintegrate when i see someone else using light mode https://tenor.com/view/cat-blind-flashbang-light-mode-gif-21281004 https://tenor.com/view/i-carly-flash-surprise-shocked-shock-gif-15055349 also me https://tenor.com/view/friends-oh-my-eyes-my-eyes-lisa-kudrow-phoebe-shouts-gif-10973109 the hole being bursted in the back of the guy's head XD its also my brain when i absorb too much math :hoopla: the way i just recently discovered the origins of the confused math lady meme was from a Brazillian soap opera LMAO https://youtu.be/m7QA0ogagEc now you know ;) oh Lu is John Cena now Daddy Lu  we're doing this for you Aku and for science :pleb: boooo life hard yes no i cant sleep until i feel your touch! :jebus: SOH-CAH-TOA fuck trig man y'all are really turning this server into a math tutoring server  Viv is gonna unleash the ban hammer my ass failed precalculus in 12th grade and i still graduated :e_minor: study session VC lmao gn Aku :hoopla: sdfjklsdfjkj :caticon: https://youtu.be/qRofinpW8kU Ohio Ohayo i know i do :mmYea: not always but im getting there :shyduck: :pls: take it easy bestie, and get well soon! :forgheart: stressed. trigonometry. hate. tired. ayy same but when im with friends i talk like an NPC  not like the Oblivion ones because those are always hilarious to watch on youtube one of my other friends is the sarcastic NPC while im the one with the sexual humor lol dont forget the mother that brings the snacks to share and the kids that reach their hands into the bags without asking permission  my slow ass is just now realizing this is a thing now and its very cool and gracias for that Lu :forglove: LOL i love that Roblox has any similar you could think of  yeah no, thats called Open Heart  idk why but Preston sounds so fancy and formal but ooh he sounds nice you dont hear it often these days  hiding from his responsibilities tho, a man after my own heart how old is he btw? he looks 19 so im guessing somewhat older but with a baby face lol so weve narrowed it down between DILF and silver fox  why does he sound like me if i ever join the workforce  aww youre his oasis we always love to see a rbf :ferretoblush: oop she read the signals only wanted to hear what *she* wanted to hear who?  oof take it easy Lu just woke up from an evening of tummy ache. thats what i get for eating too much pho for dinner :hoopla: thank god for hot water bottle on my belly home remedy dress up as my future. scariest thing youll ever see ive been having an 80 degree sunny autumn. pls trade with me, im begging you >.> punt him into the sun bestie no mercy  https://tenor.com/view/kids-bye-kick-gif-13210062 ah yes, laughing at the little squirt's pain and misery. thats a preview into the adult life. they better get used to it (: petition for a new law to be implemented everywhere for not only dogs should be on a leash but also children fr. they're becoming way too spoiled these days the bar has been set so low for parenting. just simply having your eyes open and watching them is considered good but MORE has to be done. otherwise, they'll become un-adjusted and shitty as they go through their teens and into adulthood one of my favorite memes its a sight to behold ig  me on my fourth year of community college :dawg:  yeah i know everyone goes at their own pace, but i still feel left behind??? two of my friends are also still in cc but two others already transferred out oooh jansport backpacks are nice kept my blue one from high school they do very reliable mine has extra brown padding on the bottom so its not 100% blue but hey its my fav color so i cant complain godspeed to your sleep Aaron get some me but only if my mom makes me talk to some relative i barely know  mood id rather text :mmYea: talking, im just faking it until im making it i still hate it pls switch. i hate my voice his eyes darkened with desire *turns full black instead* but with desire bestie i miss your wearyfire emote   no Michael! damn i ruined it lmfao i know, i have that effect on everything i come into contact with i can hear this gif https://tenor.com/view/youre-your-spies-spies-in-disguise-youre-spies-gif-20405819 https://tenor.com/view/sheeesh-sheesh-gif-22353817 lmao i made my parents laugh because my mom was just lecturing me about skipping meals and if i do it too often i will become not smart and i deadass said im already not smart, how is this gonna be any different? man i love reminding them why ill never be fit for uni or even a UC for that matter, let alone a CSU eh it was like one or two just for today might have dinner hooray for an extra hour of sleep fall back get well soon Lu Chad Forg aww cute!  i give it a minute or less than 30 seconds :shijudge: Princess Pupii must make her debut not sure if id want to put more lag into my computer lol ah nah sorry. data packs are too much trouble for me technology intimidates me okay? :e_minor: eh too much work hmm :shijudge: lemme sleep on it ill see if i have the time this week interesting how Twitter Blue is directly copying YouTube Red in a way lmao next itll be Instagram Rainbow, Snapchat Yellow and WhatsApp Green well judging by the first glance, the feature to fix a typo in your tweets, and just basic edit stuff which should be for all  oh yeah also these right? pointless if you ask me but money money money  fr mad disappointed that we dont get a four day weekend from classes. campus was closed on veterans day today but i still gotta go to my friday class tomorrow ah the wonderful world of cancel culture and gullible viewers the people of the internet have truly lost brain cells if they cant even separate the actor/actress from the character its always been like that for iphone users welp same thing for iphones and anyway the same goes for video game characters once again actors/actresses are not their characters lmfao leave these people alone to breathe and to live i dont like Abby from TLOU2 but im not gonna send her actress hate. why? because its all fiction. a bunch of pixels put together by a computer i also dont like Angela Robinsons character in The Haves and the Have Nots because shes a raging homophobe but irl? Angela is an ally for the LGBTQ+ movement and i stan that queen shit. the fact that i hate the homophobic character she plays means shes doing a very good job at portraying the character thats literally it got into one of my essay rants there for a sec lmao but my point stands. if you cant separate the actor from the character, then youre headed for big trouble down the road if you continue to fail to separate fiction from reality dogs are the best judges of character after all @kyo IM TRYING OUT VC ON ROBLOX FOR THE FIRST TIME AND ALREADY PEOPLE NOTICE I SOUND LIKE JAMES CHARLES, I HATE IT HERE LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THEY DID I HATE IT HERE rip yeah there's a whole extensive process but its actually not that complicated yay, now we can listen to little underage squeakers blurt out slurs and abuse their voice changers i shit you not, ive heard at least 2-3 N-words and F-words last night :shijudge: gotta eat lunch and do my afternoon chores first so probably not until mid afternoon or so accurate  hells yes thats therapeutic to me :pusheenheart: nah, got lunch and church this afternoon yup :this_is_fine: yeah i was born and raised in a catholic family nah i never was its all good nah im not forced or anything. i just roll with it i dont read every single page of the Bible if thats what youre referring to. in fact, i make sure my whole life doesnt revolve around it considering its heavily re-edited again and again throughout the centuries i guess that as liberal as i am, i still want to believe in some higher power that watches over my family in our darkest times. im not like hardcore born-again religious but i do still keep an open mind yeah ive been spending a lot of time with liberal atheists lol but all that aside, religion does play a role in my life, just not a *huge* one i dont let it control who i become friends with or what i do or say since im catholic, were more focused on the Rosary and the Virgin Mary Christianity doesnt care for the Rosary nah youre good. im happy to discuss this yeah well that just shows how little i know and how far i still need to go to be fully informed i never said i was perfect but im just going with the flow atm nevertheless, its just there existing in my life. i have a cousin whos in a similar scenario as me. we both grew up in heavily catholic households but she likes to drink occasionally, vapes, and parties wildly from time to time. she doesnt attend every single mass when it comes to the relatives shes fond of like our grandparents, shell express her faith. we both bond over the fact that were both deviating from what our parents used to teach us lol https://www.tiktok.com/@trishrubyjane/video/7028672728651615493?_d=secCgYIASAHKAESPgo8L9eQtLXg6KvLTL%2BZm59AvrtYGE3I76J55itBEKCSm7pr3jtKhHEHv%2FXbaR81QTq93XWXssyxTCwskiajGgA%3D&checksum=8411c2138de98ea482ff1f07520e6101c49f13c7ce9fa03d9343c9862056c5d3&clips_cover_ab=v4&enable_clips=1&language=en&preview_pb=0&sec_user_id=MS4wLjABAAAAZQBjfrHJrOgU7Y1QMXl77nko9Pba2XX3D-r9AOPItlbIbrQ_6lVeJUI1GFC3aWSp&share_app_id=1233&share_item_id=7028672728651615493&share_link_id=1E494701-E206-4DBB-A246-4FB83E4F42BB&source=h5_m&timestamp=1636578228&tt_from=sms&u_code=dd6b9jih1m5f3j&user_id=6843553135059977221&utm_campaign=client_share&utm_medium=ios&utm_source=sms&_r=1 this TikTok kinda sums it up how long until after the snap is sent does it notify you? or is it immediate? oh damn im wondering if people actually complained/joked about being left on Delivered so much that SC actually decided to do something about it lol i used to play the trombone in elementary school but got bored after a year lol 10 year old me really tried to lug that heavy ass thing around if you want, have fun! it was pretty easy to learn. i remember being the literal only trombone player in the entire band so there was the pressure lol i thought for sure it was gonna involve french kissing in some way, shape or form  ||french horn-y|| :Bbay: hello custody agreement dad how's it hanging  so how has life been treating ya? good im glad! im currently procrastinating from trigonometry homework due tomorrow :PinguDab: rip to us both huh? even tho in-person classes are back in session for my school, turns out im still shit at math, in-person or on Zoom same tbh, i learn way better in-person its also the ~~half-assing my way into a C~~ facts best of luck have a good night dad  well this nearly scared this shit out of me lmao coincidentally, i too am having rice with pork chop for dinner its just so that us as server members dont have to search the correct emoji ourselves lol she deserves it rip is there any bleeding or is your cat making any noises that resemble pain? jesus aku you made it sound like its a medical emergency  but animals are actually pretty forgiving. ive had my fair share of moments letting my dog down on the floor in the most wrong and extreme ways by accident. he forgives me easily almost always idk about cats, but i wouldnt worry about it you know the saying, cats always land on their feet? signifying that theyre perfectly capable of handling themselves? i wouldnt worry about it Aku pets are our children once you give them food, water, and love, theyre fine exactly thats a good sign then theyre more resilient than you give them credit for youre doing great Aku LMAO dont let our experiences stop you good practice ooh a story  best of luck Aku  see? :) cutie lol pets do have a habit of telling you, put down the homework and put your hand in my fur >:( oof Exhibit A  mood tho once theyre on top of you, youre locked there ~~forever~~ XD youre on your own your cat is the boss of you i dont make the rules :caticon: lol indeed they deserve to be spoiled rotten our pets are our babies @Akuna Matata LOL we were just talking about this earlier bruh i want to be this dog yay lol i still remember the time you almost typed chicken nuggies the wrong way as well  my memory is better for remembering moments with friends rather than things i learned in school :e_minor: @azula the health bar that hovers over your head throughout the day :forg: tfw im the only one in my household who never needed glasses ~~yet~~ its funny too bc my brother and i both spend equal amounts of time in front of bright screens in the dark because dat gamer life, yet somehow, i always barely pass those eye exams at the optometry never had any problem sitting in the back of the classroom, was able to see the whiteboard at the front of the room just fine but damn just from hearing stories, contacts sound like so much work when i do eventually reach that age, i'd much rather go the glasses route agreed with milque everyone deserves a cheat day LMFAO i booked it the fuck out of there when two old ladies starting arguing over who gets the rotisserie chicken and who was there first at Costco. it got a bit physical but gah damn, it became so uncomfortable and so many people were around watching frfr it was the you are so RUDE for me i grabbed the last one when no one was looking   asdfghjkl oui oui baguette bitch right? like when did children switch places with grown ass adults i kid you not. there was an asian family near me, the little girls were so quiet in the cart. just watching it also has something to do that it was so busy today and everyone is doing some last minute Thanksgiving shopping :e_minor: :e_minor: same at one point parents need to square up and start teaching their families that no means no https://tenor.com/view/nicole-nicole-gumball-nicole-waterson-angry-angel-gif-13945754 i actually never cried my first time on a plane. i was too excited at the very idea that i was gonna be up in the air lmao instead of gremlins, the kids turn into angry Barties  LMAO oh bestie and i thought i was bad with holding a tissue in one hand while holding the wheel with the other while allergies are kicking my ass on a busy highway, while singing like a dying goat GIMME agreed. driving is therapeutic. driving with people around you, not that fun lol me but with a water bottle and/or tissue on my allergy days  seasonal esp during spring yup its hell i hate spring because of the pollen in the air lmao oof godspeed  sneezies gang rise up  happy thanksgiving everyone! https://tenor.com/view/monica-gobble-gobble-chandler-friends-happy-thanksgiving-gif-9886422 then go and do it XD damn girl, you can hold it in that much??? the pain can be too unbearable for me and im never in the mood to wet my pants  sdfljkdfjasgd me but with farts no restroom privileges at your school? how lame. my school's were just disgusting, both the boys and girls' restroom we avoided them like the plague the custodian often found clumps of hair in the sinks in the girls' restrooms and the occasional dude jacking off in the boys' your teachers sound like big fat meanies yeah that makes sense i saw other chains but never a voodoo on someone's backpack lmao wack oh yeah magic bad witchcraft is evil god i'd hate to have to go to a religious school full time i mean public school isnt any better but at least there's no bias sadge oh no turn on paw patrol yikes ugh religious private schools are so sus. might as well just ban fun while you're at it :e_minor: lol they can shove all the faith they want down children's throats. once they drive down the road of life, there are gonna be a lot of deviating off-ramps Exit 69: Dysfunction lol mine's prolly gonna be like Of Monsters and Men or Dum Dum Girls fun times hi welcome to PCF! fav book and LI? excellent taste its cool yeah she wasnt technically a LI, more a fling lol hey, this is general chat. feel free to discuss whatever you want xD saaaaaaaaaame im craving a good mystery AND zombies ye its a decent read. one of the few books i've genuinely enjoyed in a while mystery, crime, and surprisingly smut all in one lol despite the fact that they were reused from TH:M lol The Heist: Monaco highly recommend it if you havent read it already omg do it! you get to commit crimes lol nice valid, thats why i love VOS its ok to be a car enthusiast lol Flynn, hbu? noice, both O'Malley siblings are bootyful Choices: Stories You Play its the largest Choices server with a lot of server members i dont blame you. if Rei is online, there's bound to be discomfort most people even here have had issues with her. they fled to this server to get away from her SUSHI ILY :shijudge: :dawg: good gorl actually :Bbay: gn kyo :pixelbartie: brought to you by Bel  elopement sounds way less stressful tbh. im definitely the kind of person who would rather skip months of planning and headaches and just do it simple and easy, surrounded by close friends as a 21 year old college student, i can confirm. a handful of my former 
high school classmates are already married with children, with full time jobs and everything. and im just here trying not hit my head against the wall just before finals week :shijudge: mood, i havent even had my first kiss yet, let alone a first relationship  unfortunately a lot of men take that as a sign that says "come hither" LOL SAME :bigmood: we really do be growing up huh our peers are entering adulthood at their own pace fast or slow mhm like im happy for my younger brother and his gf. ive even gotten to know her a bit we've become close. all the while enjoying my single life. just focusing on me for the time being the dating pool of men where i live is shallow as hell, so i aint gonna find a S.O. anytime soon anyway lmao i shit you not, men absolutely suck. both the gays and straights :e_minor: how Freudian of them :shijudge: :Bbay: i agree with you tho lol literally this lmao this couldnt be more true. when my brother revealed his gf to our extended family, everyone gushed over it and congratulated him and everything. my female cousin then went on a rant to say she often got shamed by her parents for dating men a phat mood news flash: cooking and cleaning are basic skills, not gendered roles  hjsdfkjjsa i once had to confirm to my female friend's mom that i was gay just so i was able to take her home from school when she couldnt get a ride toxic masculinity at its finest u lucky. my mom judges me on the fact that at one point, i had a lot of female friends. like was that not your first clue that i didnt swing towards the opposite sex? lol social awkwardness ftw i was once peer pressured into lying that i had a crush on a girl classmate in middle school. good god, i was so deep in the closet at the time  we live.....in a society god 62 would be a dream for me California dude here. reporting that my last week of November and first week of December will be a scorching 80 degrees F so warm winter yeah LA smog probably cant ever compare ooh im in my house but im still in my cozy pajama pants and comfy hoodie while wearing socks. life is chillin rn me neither lmao i rely on Facebook to remind me of my friends' birthdays :e_minor: yikes pandering to the straight men who fetishizes lesbianism big no-no :IDKher: LOL VOLTRA its interesting too because there are a LOT of controversial anime out there big concerning themes   :LMFAOdead: why are we discussing math again ._. :jebus: ooh anatomy was a lot of fun back in high school oop :dawg: my brother just got new Airpods and uh yeah lmao no im talking about this Rainbow Bridge https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Bridge_(pets) @unforgivablespelling its your favorite color  ooh purdy poppin oh yeah happy december 1st from the Pacific Time Zone!!!! winter whores rise up!  just gimme *cries in warm December weather* switching identities up in here top 5 baby, exactly like last years. not much has changed  but im not ashamed either here are the songs i really do have an unhealthy Coldplay obsession tho :shijudge: gnarly Taylor Swift, respect :pleb: man its been forever since i listened to Linkin Park tho again, respect  although i listen to Wildest Dreams way more than Blank Space haha nice! i myself am listening to groups/bands more than solo artists like i used to. theres just something about multiple voices singing a song that makes it all the more magical Of Monsters and Men and Dum Dum Girls are proof of that lol Coldplay counts but when youre not hearing Chris Martins voice, its some other random voice in the background  its basically a throwback slideshow of all the music youve listen to on Spotify for the past year. it shows your top artists, songs, genres, and even how many total minutes youve listened to music on the app LMAO they even referenced the NFTs  @Andromeda my astronomy class is talking about you  its the mass destruction for me  lol AHHHHHH RASHON YOU'RE BACK!!!!!!!! :D @Arzaylea @faede @azula @Andromeda and yes we did he snapchatted me the day i got my booster lol would you also watch the spin-off sequel, Peninsula? cool hey there lil frog :forglove: LOL its official or at least use headphones  so cute wait who is Uber pinging? :WTFthonk: lmao its their secret lovechild jklddkhsdsdf i remember that conversation gnarly how time flies where did you get this photo of me <.< oh yikes was it a guy or girl? but knowing you, definitely a guy >.> saving this, dont mind me  said it on snapchat already but again, happy birthday man!  ooo interesting accent i mean who doesnt love pissing one of life's greatest joys and pleasures :Bbay: :pleb: plus im cramming for finals while playing Choices so yeah, my bad decision streak continues :this_is_fine: ngl same over the course of the pandemic, ive developed a it is what it is mindset. since then, ive been nonchalant about everything thats happened around me mhm it do be like that huh? :dawg: my parents raised me to hide my feelings and to fake it til i make it :this_is_fine: this is cute ngl after getting my Pfizer booster, all i got the next day were body aches and swollen lymph nodes in my neck and armpit. but you should be fine afterward. side effects are normal after all good luck! :shijudge: lol a reenactment  who needs dinner and a show when you got wedding and a show good luck Firework and Kyo not me dreaming of Rashon gifting me Nitro LMAO that and a freaky nightmare where i was in a public restroom at school and suddenly all the stalls just flat out disappeared just so the teachers could check up on me wondering what was taking me so long  interesting? no. complex and confusing? yes. :hoopla: your conscience is trynna tell you something  oooo fun i literally heard the theme song in my head  man that show really was the kid friendly version of Saturday Night Live lmao i didnt even know those two dudes were from Smosh to begin with. i just thought they were hot  esp Damien Haas YES love that for them which is funny too bc i cant stop seeing them as enemies/rivals from Sonny with a Chance lol truly oh yeah was about to say Demi is they/them its not just Disney. every multimedia company needs to stop pitting women against each other but yeah anyway had the biggest crush on Sterling Knight like there was no tomorrow lmao he was the perfect enemies-to-lovers trope 100% gotta be all fancy for Mackenzie Falls Disney Channel had the most epic crossovers istg The Suite Life of Zack and Cody/Hannah Montana/That's So Raven yeee been a while since a professor let me use a notecard on our final exam 6 sides? :WTFthonk: i can only write so much, even if its just tiny and legible :e_minor: hjsdkshjdh nope ive been back in-person classes since the beginning of fall semester lmao damn im taking Earth Science too  my grade is at an 89 so you're not far off we both had astronomy this semester and we're taking earth science in separate semesters? these coincidences are scaring me lol godspeed ugh same lmao sleepyhead i actually just now finished up own chores lol play some good music in the background. it helped me focus it also helped that i let my phone battery die on purpose and put it down to charge so there are no distractions :hoopla: lmao same tho it be like that sometimes although in my case, my body made me take a nap because of allergies :bigmood: even after a full night's rest, the bags under my eyes remain oh shit full-on homebody i get it quarantine/self-isolation for me ended when school opened back up for the fall ooo you live on a farm? woah thats really cool icic very relatable tho. esp throughout quarantine/self-isolation wasnt even entirely motivated for virtual learning oh shit i'll never know what its like to work on a farm but i can only imagine thats a helluva lot of responsibility compared to my suburban chore list nah its fine its okay to ramble every once in a while those must be some extremely special certain circumstances for your life to be uprooted like that damn hang in there ayyyy final exams are wrapping up for everyone this week F good luck damn, cried himself to sleep a tried and true method lmao my favorite part of the game its so funny too because her voice actress irl is one of the nicest people  https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/442871529592717323/761471298702147604/image0-1.gif tbf i was busy binge watching a tv show lol gnarly havent been back to mine since my brothers graduation Sokka and Azula huh?  anyway Sokka x Suki. that is all :Bbay: the kind of guy who would plan out war strategies and sends a letter to a blind girl?  its also uwu romancing the colonizer   lmfao Himbo Jax, the gift that keeps on giving yall didnt lock the door?  ASDFGHJKL dogs are only meant to hump other dogs and inanimate objects. they should not be watching two humans doing the same thing :e_minor: it is indeed considerate <.< >.> lmao i thought i read that correct the first time  the poor meow meow witnessing another meow meow :PinguDab: sneezy you cant really. they're just in their own separate tab. you can always choose to ignore it but you can stop them from automatically playing there should be an option in Settings i spot a wild Viv in the corner, looking pretty while watching her hot bf work out does he ever lift you tho?  my area has been enjoying some 50s. and a chilling rainy day every so often. thats our winter weather do you wear socks? oh i see lmao love that emote https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_elephant_gift_exchange inch resting not dirty at all sounds wholesome lmao  oop lmao exactly like the conversations you'd have with Rae head and shoulders gang mhm one towel for everything one shower per day smort anyway damn, realized ive been doing it wrong this whole time. been showering once a day, washing my hair as well, and not even caring that much to see hairs on my pillowcase   oh well. i still go out every day and people make fun of my bowl cut either way :Bbay: *go out and buy head and shoulders shampoo, its good for the dandruff* samsies mine never makes any comments to begin with. i just let my hair do its thing lol oop yeah i wouldnt go *that* far with the DIY :jebus: in my experience and from what ive witnessed as an adult, children are easily overwhelmed when doing something completely out of the ordinary its new, its foreign, its strange, its different, any of those things could make a kid burst into tears they're just built emotionally different i suppose  mhm could also depend on how much they were coddled due to specific parenting skills like my dad still keeps a home video of Toddler Me crying while sitting on top of his computer desk for no apparent reason and i get secondhand embarrassment every time i watch it lmao it was so out of context, which makes it even better https://tenor.com/view/inside-out-joy-cry-crying-tears-gif-4763726 my parents never had me believe in Santa, Tooth Fairy, Easter Bunny, or anyone else for that matter lol my childhood consisted of wishing they were real after living vicariously through my cartoons  yay! now brace yourself for the following day and side effects. take it easy, yeah? i totally get what you mean. my parents can never understand that i have a social battery and it does drain fast when im with a group of people for too long. does not mean im anti-social, just means i like to occasionally hang with friends and sometimes family but eventually, ill want to go home early. over time and with patience, my dad came to be understanding. mom on the other hand, not so much. give it time. its ok to be an introvert and its perfectly fine to take break from socializing for me personally, it was due to failed attempts at trying to be outgoing throughout elementary school but after a whole lot of "I wasnt talking to you" or "that joke really isnt that funny, idk why you're still laughing." i just said fuck it, come middle school, just kept to myself and earned my own reputation with my teachers where im the most quiet but could stand to talk more in class. i was like nah. from that point on, earbuds on in public always, letting people know to not expect a response from me damn :/ lol this is why "i hate people" is such a mood these days yeah no completely understandable. i was also used to pass assignments in school. after high school, i realized who i was even trying to kid anymore. unfollowed a whole bunch of people on social media who never gave a rat's ass about me so why should I? its so healthy school will unfortunately be one of many places where your peers will always try and take advantage of you its usually best to just keep your eyes elsewhere anyway. i avoid eye contact just for people to not talk to me never give them a second glance thank god for masks you no longer have to pretend to smile dont forget the permanent resting bitch face  :bigmood: sup bestie pretty good hbu?  https://youtu.be/dO61A4suY_0 @azula :PinguDab: random cute guy: *compliments me on my jacket in the Costco parking lot*
me: omg does he like me?  mhm https://tenor.com/view/pepe-why-pepe-the-frog-sad-crying-gif-16026853 it was actually assigned by my middle school back when we went on our spring break trip to Washington D.C. my name is on the hood in case it got lost. its your typical green rain jacket with the Capitol logo on the front not much to see but this  he said and i quote, it looks fire :dopeyoop: how rude https://youtu.be/_Z-Nu351j58 send help. im doing a White elephant gift exchange with cousins ive barely talked to in years  im literally just here existing while everyone has to obey the extensive amount of rules :e_minor: if anything, l x always makes for a good gift if you cant come up with anything else lol everyone wants cash monies lol nah its fine. the game is already done and i just prefer watching  happy crimas merry belated christmas bestie! pretty good. hbu? how was your christmas? aww im glad! oooo noice! happy for you woah gnarly .cowsay Itd never happen shut up bessie no one asked you sure go ahead! aww cute! :aww: ^^ im just out here hoping and praying for a tolerable new year my dog died in 2020 and i had a car accident in 2021, so i pretty much resent both years yes not much to tell. it was their fault for spinning out of control in circles, i swerved to avoid it but failed, they tried to blame me for injury claims, investigation concluded that i was 100% not at fault, and they've left me alone. they did. got a reimbursement and everything before picture after picture 2014 actually yeah its my dad's old car, he drives a Tesla now so he lets me borrow the Camry for school and errands happy new years eve everyone! :hawyee: loving it i adore the sister, MC's not too shabby, and i simp for Troy xD and holy shit, that zombie CG nearly made me jump lol i havent been jumpscared since Dan from ILITW Andrea, wbu? lmao had me first half ngl aww just one im so looking forward to it :mmYea: so far, its pretty obvious that ||the colony is just one big dictatorship, so i think the big boss is gonna be the actual final boss perhaps|| but im not entirely sure yet other than that, not much else. still so much story and world-building im looking forward to and im hoping we get some flashbacks of the old world bc it'd be pretty cool to see ||MC's dads||  your mom uses LinkedIn?  oof hang in there happy new year from pacific standard time!!!!! 2 years ago today, miss you babe boy actually  fun times lol same i havent even gotten mine in the mail yet :e_minor: luckily for me, parking is free the first week of school got plenty of time to wait your permits should be free after what they did lmao oop im the one that gets killed a lot :this_is_fine: ah WTD won, as it should  you too Andra! henlo :Skincare: rip im sitting in my anatomy lab rn ooh fun im currently labeling nakey human bodies :pleb:  holy shit, and i left school nearly an hour ago thank you  shit is just insane these days thanks bestie. me too update: investigation is still ongoing tonight. god i hope its safe enough for me to return tomorrow. im genuinely enjoying my anatomy class. professor is super chill and funny thank you  its only ever cold where i am to the point where i have to defrost both the front and back windshields but nothing more than that lol also sad to announce the rainy trend is over for now :( man i miss December just for the endless rainy weeks lol ping her she'd like that (:  Kalling Kyo lmao i be on my iPhone X at 82% battery life capacity for 2-3 years now and im chillin Apple supremacy remember the year when Samsungs were exploding in everyone's cars and purses?  well not exploding, more like catching fire for no reason ah yes that one i never camped out in front of a store the night before to buy something but at the time when the Wii first came out, i thought it was the coolest thing ever. wireless controllers was such new technology at the time also Wii sports was the only way i exercised lmao Mario Kart Wii with friends and family was so much fun it was also all the foul balls in tennis and nearly missing hitting your friend/relative with the controller miss the days when Wii remotes double served as weapons  Metta we dont have Starboard here  yes ;KDASJKLSDJSDK yes pinned messages are our Starboard :OOF: get the monies https://youtu.be/coEMMiTPXEk frfr rip yikes stay safe mhm meanwhile my school just dealt with a bomb threat which turned out to be a false alarm :this_is_fine: the world is becoming more and more dangerous than before were not taking any chances. no threat or warning is too small anymore if you see something, say something the Western worlds motto oof thats rough. sorry you have to deal with that and i totally get what you mean. taking a break from bad news is healthy spend all your time worrying about something thats yet to happen, start to lose focus on whats going on in your life its more like humans first started to evolve in Africa im more or less fair skinned. when i was little i spent all my time outdoors so i remember having a decent tan. then i grew up into a homebody, now im more pale lol ooo oh cute! dimples for days camouflaging based on your environment lol hiding from the big meanie predators yes  the way he buried your head in his broad chest  now i want a giant bf  you know what, yes  asdfghjkl body slam me daddy  both the animated series and live action series are childhood gems ah cars, i know zilch about it apart from the gear shift, what E and F stood for and getting anxiety whenever the Check Engine light turns on LMAO exactly what i was thinking i watched TBBT a while back thinking i was gonna be just like Penny when driving a car. then i grew up to be Sheldon  lol hey Nikki! nm, you? ooo good luck, just finished my first week of winter class. anatomy is really fun so far human anatomy its a short winter intersession so obviously we're not gonna cover everything like we'd normally do in a regular sized semester but yeah just enough mhm hmm my anthro class did the same thing  literally spent a whole week on Punnett Squares hated them lmao wooooo OG Teen Titans will always be top tier great themes, great mix of life lessons, deep issues, and comedic relief Cyborg and Beast Boy for me lol how so?  oof take care Viv animated server icon when?  ooo oh damn hang in there yeah he works on a farm noice ooh show aww cute! oof well they are bad for gardeners and farmers. speaking from personal experience watching my mom pluck them out of her own garden in the backyard xd oh you guys get monkeys?  oooo  :LMFAOdead: ah mother nature at her finest they really are our distant cousins lmao he gotta try tho right? that kind of technique works on bears and coyotes where i live  oop praying to the good lord for a good harvest yeah better safe than sorry gnarly Kevin Nguyen lol :Pirate: pirate it yus lmao that sounds so American even tho i know you dont live here. but yeah its a common coming of age thing for rural families :this_is_fine: badass love to see it indeed. pretty rad wishing you a speedy recovery Lu congratulations Miss Viv and i see a little of Jax's features as well :uwu: family resemblance in both looks and brains love that so happy that internet challenge exists @kyo happy birthday! :kyojail: happy birthday to her as well!! :shijudge: booster is only 1 shot, yes https://tenor.com/view/thinking-pepe-frog-gif-15323585 my anatomy professor just referred to her slow computer as el dinosaur and i laughed way harder than i needed to  im so tired yummy was it educational? learn something? tru tru done  hey Aaron, hows it hanging very nice   
                      
                      lol do it! hai, ily uwu the involuntary babysitter a water puppy is this what Heaven is like? awesomesauce no with a title like that, it must be good mood if only yes mother :pixelbartie: sadge https://tenor.com/view/thriller-michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5577709 are we gonna get our Matches through DMs on V-Day? kk it was a good few hours  bop b _ _ _ _ _ _ proud of you my fellow chaotic punny pal reverse psychology huh?  it really do be freakishly windy in my area, large ass branches falling on the roof, and to top it all off, a power surge :this_is_fine: oof i myself had a runny nose and sneezing all day PB really went all out with that book and i love it  istg theyve taken care of the robocalls but now ive been getting robotexts both through imessage and whatsapp pain hooray for inflation oof stay safe my area just dealt with strong winds. power grids are messed up everywhere yes what da cat doin ah socks, the things that give our fur babies a crumb of comfort and security i love that video doggo is an airbender confirmed pot meet kettle :shijudge: did someone test positive for covid already? ~~maybe thats just a trend at my school~~ <.< fun just essentially review? we're pretty much synchronously going about business as usual. half of the class tests positive and are asked to stay home, the other half is confident enough to test negative and still show up in-person staring right into your soul woah this feels very new, havent seen this before. at first i thought someone was trolling but its actually legit. Discord really do be taking online crimes seriously oh shit idk. i was just scrolling through old conversations in this server and just saw that in someone's profile bio someone prolly reported that person or was like caught in the act either through DMs or a public server that wasnt PCF also yikes oop yeah last time they cracked down on something that major was the aftermath of the Capitol insurrection. finding and weeding out servers and members where discussions about invading the Capitol building were seen and ofc helping law enforcement track them down and arrest them if it is, its a pretty distasteful joke <.< lmao everyone is still asking about the baby?  @Arzaylea happy birthday queen! hope its an amazing one!  its the thought that counts :) fine fine if we dont get her emotional, then we will have completely and utterly failed shoot done :mlem: :hawyee: should we be concerned? alrighty birfday kk always in our thoughts friendo buddy Jordo  indeed. one of the sweetest people Chc mng nm mi!  flex em Viv yes i showed some over in #irl-squad if you scroll up lol MONIES  nah i dont think so we mimic the Chinese Zodiac iirc like i was born in the year of the dragon, my dad a cat, my mom a snake, and my brother a goat oh wait nvm i just looked it up the vietnamese DO have their own zodiac my b ye thats my dad my family used to make jokes about my brother using his Zodiac since he literally ate anything and everything thats edible but he never once gained weight. almost exactly like a goat lol i certainly did not know this it would depend on who youd ask id say no what up doin dandy hope you are as well i had two exams in a row this week, both of which i actually felt confident on for once happy lunar new year! thanks! if your school has a large asian population, its bound to happen lol ooh what for?  damn ooh best of luck! same with mine. but we were too busy cramming for exams to talk about it lol  oh shit im sorry, i just woke up. i didnt read the whole thing lmao done you still traveling to Anaheim later this year?  and yeah, heard there was a cultural controversy with that im down looks cool bout time it got revamped  bold of you to assume that wont bother me :Bbay: which one was that again? lmao also what exactly happened that led up to it? ooh theres video footage  the way you described it, i really thought it was a rollercoaster lmao that maniacal laugh tho  Its a Small World, but more scary than annoying idk maybe its just me and my middle school math teacher but we both realized the more you listen to that song while being in the ride itself, it just kinda gets old  been a while since i last went, i dont remember :/ i really did enjoy Splash Mountain tho. didnt realize it was problematic when i was little damn no Vietnam, sadge ooh cute ao dai for both genders but also like farm clothes for those that live in the rural area, plus with the Asian conical hat or nn ti ox? not a clear picture even when zoomed in with my brightness up, i can barely see if its accurate or not  hmm could be. ill wait for Kyo to give his take lol :e_minor: true lol asdfghjkl yeah i own one myself :pleb: ooo style is very different lmao #1 is Liam
#2 is Bryce
#3 is Thomas :forg: Prince Naveen, you sly forg yeah one thing you notice about toddlers in this century: they prefer the toys *packaging* rather than the toy itself lol ~~i was guilty of that when i was little~~ my parents never bought me many toys but they had leftover boxes from their grown-up responsibilities and it was just so much more fun playing inside them, the styrofoam, and popping the bubble wrap asdfghjkl god toddlerhood was so weird. we put everything in our mouths  i was tempted to but nah lol we really were i ate grass at one point and asphalt when i fell off my bike :hoopla: yummy thats exactly what i hit that made me fall  i turned too soon and hit a neighbors garbage bin and scraped my knee :pleb: i was half coddled/half tough loved by my dad that day lol lmao ah Legos to step on them or swallow them fruit loops yum but also honey nut cheerios milk is always a must as they should did Sushi get treats in her li xi like last year?  sweetness :uwu: O lol i honestly had forgotten those existed i recognize the wrapper but forgot what the candy actually is ah  oh Hamid damn i was way off lol but ay, congrats to the DILF server icon sexy damn it was close lol breh youtube polls are wild big mood thank god for animals oh i know, i didnt mean it like *that* because that is yikes im referring to non-romantic love Up is an amazing movie tho i'd be fine with marriage if it wasnt some big ass ceremony that takes months of planning it was so bold of them to include the ||miscarriage scene|| because you dont often see that portrayed in movies that features a married couple or in a Disney movie for that matter :( ||Thanks for the adventure, now go have a new one! - Love Ellie|| same   being bitter is sweet :D aww yes im down IMPROMPTU MOVIE NIGHT F aww sorry Firework but ye we did! :mlem: i second that   it often gets to the point where ive been ghosted so many times i just stopped being picky on both Tinder and Bumble and swiped right on all of them and only achieve 1-2 matches LMAO oh really?  ooh hey Mara how are you holding up? im sorry  living up to your nickname, i respect that. long overdue :caticon: i miss the days when we would just roast Doge together using TRH. ah good times lol she achieved MILF status a while back ping if you dare :mmYea: gaslight gatekeep girlboss read em and weep https://tenor.com/view/h%C3%A2m-frog-toad-frog-l%E1%BA%AFc-wiggle-gif-14557565 ah a classic https://youtu.be/lp6z3s1Gig0 smooth smooth jazz @beeboo welcome! happy birthday!  @Angelaa same bestie lmao im just now noticing your About Me on your profile  gotta have a certain level of Nitro iirc  most definitely ive woken up to hear myself talking in my sleep and i just end up talking gibberish, like im interrupting myself its such a weird feeling, like i was possessed and someone else was making me say those words, kinda freaky  oops wrong channel  WHY WONT YOU DELETE my discord is drunk rn that is a true fact my dumb bitch disease is awful i would if i could :hawyee: thanks queen. i was looking for it https://tenor.com/view/mr-rogers-clown-mask-gif-18186574 @Luany welcome! ah chem, takes me back to all the Ds and Cs  passed that shit with a C in the end and i was taking that class back when the pandemic had just begun imo, youre lucky. when im dragged to a family gathering, they dont want to ignore me and ask me how im doing and hows school  like bruh, id rather go hang out with my cousins in the other room. leave me be lmao i relate to this on a spiritual level. language barrier baby better than nothing the way my grades have turned out like this since we came back to in-person classes yummy *laughs in 82 degree heat advisory* lol love that speak your truths America, dont be shy. say it with me: we were founded on genocide and racism :D :heresthemf: https://tenor.com/view/material-girl-santana-gif-24249125 oof adulting struggles Why did Viking boats have bar codes on the side?
...
So they could Scan Da Navy In i'll take my leave now ayo congrats teet yeet arent you gonna ask your parents to help you? or do they prefer hiring people to install stuff? my dad's a do-it-yourself handyman so he pretty much does his own home projects lol relatable af also oof rip toilet :hawyee: i dont think furry siblings should be separated. you said so yourself, they grew up together. you might not notice it when you yourself make the permanent move but dogs are just as emotionally impacted if they're separated from their furry loved ones just as much as their human loved ones. ive only ever seen videos and photos of the aftermath of dogs losing their siblings. so maybe dont make the move anytime soon. at least let them spend their final years together until one of them crosses the Rainbow Bridge depending on their personality, they could just as easily form strong bonds with their fellow dogs, seeing as they did spend a lot of time together growing up. i wouldnt risk separating them. just let them have fun together for as long as they can uprooting a dog from everything they've previously known can be extremely upsetting, i could only imagine like yes, your own connection with your dog is important and i fully support taking them with you, anywhere you possibly can go with them. but you also have to consider what the dog is also leaving behind, not just you as the owner do you know if and when your sister will be fully committed to moving? henlo how's it hanging ooh yay! hope the great mood continues! you deserve to feel productive AND enjoy it lol fun times much confusion aww bestie :(   ah so you're more or less over it lol XD stan "and this is where i'd put my husband, IF I HAD ONE" lmao you reminded me of this meme omg :/ hella relatable :bigmood: you and me, same page unless im with friends, then in which case, i never stfu lol slep renew wedding vows "microwave noises"  lol mission accomplished its me, im people i scare easily so one of my friends could just be standing there and id jump so definitely Saw hsdajldhladh lmao peepeepoopoo https://youtu.be/86crtKQCJuw YouTube recommendations somehow knows my Discord activity :kyojail: actually i wanted Sawyer lmao Bel can have Bryce, im cool with it :) ive hyped up Sawyer for so long and my color role stayed Oakley Clan since forever lol    @azula thank you matchmaker! :aww: he's hot too lol lmao i would lsdakljhk oh completely valid lol :jebus: BAHAHAHAHHA hippo, yeah hippo titto i'd die inside same yikes  got Tyril Broody Elf Boi yes thats correct the egg roll variety is my all-time favorite crunchy and crispy truly only Naomi is confirmed Native American iirc none else that i can recall oh wait, Hazel Nguyen from HC yup, thats it ah yes Elena Vo from BB also counts, even tho she's a minor character but she is part of Jax's Clanless mhm honestly couldnt tell. yeah they were a primitive-like group living in the woods but i didnt really recognize any Native American themes in WB dunno if the facepaint counts but thats just PB's own lore a Pack speaker who speaks with the spirits, but i dont think she was Native American. Noemi is of French origin yeah when people think Asia in general, they think China and its annoying those rolls :0 WINNIE THE POOH TRY AND CENSOR US NOW no. if i remember correctly, the first thing they noticed when looking at me was my western clothes which is obvious since my mom bought my entire wardrobe growing up. to them, i look somewhat upper-class, but they were just average clothes from your local Ross Dress for Less weird because my dad and his family and friends embraced a lot of the Western music and culture that were introduced when he was growing up in Saigon his music taste today was shaped by groups such as The Rolling Stones i remember taking swim lessons in Ho Chi Minh City and some Viet kids instantly recognized i was speaking English so they spoke it back to me after i introduced myself being from the US we were visiting my grandparents for 2-3 weeks hdklasgdklasd show that thumbnail is already not promising  fucking Duterte oh damn, im just now realizing multicultural af lmao y'all are truly chaotic DUG YAWA omg lmao wondering if its a coincidence they named the automatic vacuum cleaner Roomba lol one week break off from school before spring semester commences, hbu? felt those too good to be true moments are oddly painful wait everything is going my way for once. wheres the catch? but i wouldnt take it too seriously. dont look a gift horse in the mouth and just embrace that you have free time after the workload is finished quickly burn the bridge when you cross it ooh yay! hope everything goes your way like last time keep your fingers crossed wassup just had pho for dinner, gonna kick back and relax for the rest of the evening, enjoying the remaining of this fine V-Day hope you and Jon had a lovely one btw! because soulmates :aww: time truly goes by fast it does when youve been having fun do it loving gesture awie well yeah. its a bootyful voice you will perish in compliments and love and you WILL like it :ferretoblush: lol im skimming and i can tell  go #platinum babe  rooting for you :forglove: rip Mother Nature cant make up her mind, again i had to look at this for half an hour lmao damn Discord outage on both PC and mobile :e_minor: not even kidding, this was in my neighborhood lmao welcome back Lu probably army memes and work stuff lmao true why so serious  damn you are lucky indeed i dont miss chem lmao ah 2020 spring semester, bought a lab coat and goggles and everything only for school to become virtual and my money's worth was wasted for virtual labs :e_minor: nah it worked out in the end. got to use them for Human Anatomy lab instead breeding your dog? where on earth did they get that assumption?? what was the advice you were asking for? wow, so they read the phrase "my dog is pregnant" and really jumped to conclusions that you're trying to create a whole new hybrid breed :shijudge: honestly people always assume the worst before actually knowing the facts do they not know that some owners have two dogs of the same breed and their animal instincts kick in, with or without the owner's interference?? jesus accident or not, whats done is done. human activities done with dogs such as pregnancy terminations and vegan diets are just wrong trust me we are absolutely not all like that. there are those few that do own dogs but act all snobby and high-and-mighty about it. the worst kind just lets them poop on random people's yards and dont even clean up after them. then they cry victim when the property owner gets mad at them for not doing the common sense thing and CLEAN UP after their dogs but to assume you're performing some breeding project after you asked them a simple question about vitamins tells me they have rotten attitudes and that nobody should be coming to *them* for advice about dogs sorry you had to meet those people. the social justice extremism can be taken too far in scenarios such as this one like as long as you're not purposely harming them, they should leave you alone oh for sure. they think they can get away with everything and make up excuses for their dogs just so they wont take responsibility for if and when the dogs make a mistake or did something wrong that they themselves cant comprehend lmao i cringe at parents trying to tell each other how to do things their own way there's self-help books and then there's "no no no, you're doing it wrong! dont let your babies get piercings too early!" smh time to go grocery shopping with dababy alexa play congratulations lol cute gnarly :shijudge: what did you do exactly btw to scare her? ah i see :OOF: thank goodness tomorrow is no school for Presidents Day damn best of luck, dont cram too hard oh god its one of those profiles @Weiss jesus christ @Weiss thank god thanks Weiss thank you mods scam bot with a scam link bogus Nitro gifts in every single channel my phone actually blew up at around 8 in the morning :jebus: been a while since i had a three hour gap in between classes and taking a nap in my car was absolutely refreshing lmao, thats already me but im sitting at an outdoor table of my schools cafe and ive laid out my binder and papers and everything but im just scrolling through my phone  magic mystery  me m _ _ :shijudge: lmao my professors have had enough of the "I agree" responses people would often whip up on the spot  oh really? in general or just in class discussions? oh i had a friend who dealt with an anti-vaxxer in a discussion post and both my friend and the professor were not having it at the time and i am indeed guilty of "I agree" posts. back before the days of Zoom University yeesh enjoy your ride Viv was just scrolling through ATLA Twitter and i finally recognized  where your pfp was from lol  yes what movie was it? do it its appropriate and fitting  you two be rivaling constantly  there are a million Lees so its perfect now all you need to do is open a hot leaf juice shop and attempt to demonstrate as a juggler from a traveling circus mood also loving the Blackfire pfp thanks Tony! they plan their large gatherings ahead of time so that bystanders may thirst for them :jebus: hey hot stuff Melon Lord mood should be fun  i did not invented in 2005  Viv im a 2000 baby  i was in kindergarten in 2005 LMAO true :forg: the greatest rickroll of history still going to Anaheim or is San Diego now your main destination? ah fo sho ~~ill just surprise my brother in San Diego just as an excuse anyway~~ damn these discord outages lmao Discord on Twitter told users to touch grass while they were fixing the outage  anything above 6 ft for both genders, at least in my experience stan ah yeah 5'9 lol saaaaaame my younger brother and i inherit our height from my mom's brothers. everyone on my dad's side is short tho girl same  mine is 3 years younger than me. its illegal for him to be taller than me we were done dirty with the genetics I NEED A HERO play this at Viv's funeral or she just wont come fr i did but then it got expensive <.< i used to live for Splash Mountain, that one Star Wars ride, the teacups, It's A Small World, etc. as long as you dont eat a full meal before getting on the ride lol i also remember staying late once to watch the fireworks show over the castle. it was fun and i got to high-five Peter Pan during the parade i view it as positive, but it do be getting out of control, esp in the heat sometimes i wake up with frizzy hair but just leave it like that. unless i leave my hood on all day bootyful lmao i just comb my hair to get them to lay down im okay with my black hair. i personally dont see myself putting anything extra in it but hey more power to those that want to do so. my brown eyes are average looking tho truly, we be diverse in our own way IF YOU WANNA REACH ME same there was so much math lol just bring her in for show-and-tell i took chem in high school and college. high school taught me nothing because the teacher was on tenure so he was hella laid back. college chem actually did teach me something but it was still hard have fun ^^ going on my 4th year of community college, pandemic really slowed things down and unmotivated me. but i can defo support that its not for everyone. seriously just do you, dont listen to others or what they think your life is your life not others  ouchie snail mail there was a new shy kid during my high school freshman year who wore a fedora every day. then over the summer he underwent a major personality switch and didnt wear them anymore dunno how to really explain it but he was very artsy and rode a skateboard in his spare time. his drawings were really good. then sophomore year he legit became a Chad yeah ik he did look cute wearing them tho mhm lmao rip when we first met iirc, you had a KPOP star as your pfp and for the longest time, i thought you were a dude  i just vaguely remember a pink background and some Korean boy band member staring off into space wow my dumb bitch disease is truly fogging up my brain  ~~do i just have too many online friends in other servers with KPOP pfps?~~ i think so?  ive been meaning to try listening to Arctic Monkeys for a while now  they keep popping up on my Pandora suggestions owo oh no. your poor toast will get soggy :( when you have a busy schedule, youd be amazed how easily you can ration your battery life. every morning i wake up after a night of charging, i immediately set my iphone to low battery mode because that shit decreases fast wee lol i relate on having to adjust the angle so the charger would work hawt esp love the black tank top ooh nice looks almost like my cursive in third grade but mine looked more childish and extra lol my geography notes from earlier today weird thing is i didnt start crossing my two ts together until like late high school or so ooh neat :0 oh my, that is adorable ***forg***et my pun loving self approves rip time to go into Overdrive mode and just impulse buy the first thing you see online or in a store window its the thought that counts yeah true then there's me, buying my parents birthday cards, put a sweet note in it, and they're happy for another year also rip hope you enjoyed it regardless lol get that sustenance oop yay!! cake is always good they are indeed hot worthy of thirsting rawr Wake The Dead Wednesday for my timezone anyway i have not seen it oh wait i may have show it again i may have forgotten lol on some days whenever im cleaning out my ears carefully, the wax comes out as dry and crusty but there are times when my ear itch and after cleaning it out, its all soft and almost liquid form but wow thats crazy the moisture defo varies please god lord! asdfghjkl although i do concur hes hot ask and you shall receive?  you can thank Viv for it shes prolly an ATLA fan and wanted a valid reason to scream out of nowhere while getting down on her knees in despair: MY CABBAGES forgot to acknowledge but happy national puppy day :D https://tenor.com/view/running-puppies-dogs-stampede-so-many-puppies-gif-4994790 prolly the oldest photo i have of him. he had a cute lil bandana i dig these doggos  just simply perfect puppies omg Rusty also had a red collar it used to have little white paw prints as a pattern but they faded over time cutiee do it show us i dont think you have  how was it? aww im glad you got a taste of stardom! hopefully get more opportunities to thrive :) :shijudge: still an impressive notecard tho. better than anything ive done. good luck tho its called tiny printing ouchie. take it easy you survived soldier wooo, saving the planet <.< >.> does your school not have one? like where do you guys go to check rules and guidelines regarding both students and staff? that whole thing where your teacher absolutely "needs" to see what your family look like really crosses a line to me weird. in the US, they're among the first books you receive during orientation well by the time you get to college, you get the choice to pick one up in-person xd yeah my school has both a virtual one and hardcover one :shijudge: so then how does your school expect the students and staff to behave? :WTFthonk: or are they the kind of institution that assumes all of you guys know common sense so y'all already know from right to wrong cause i feel like there should be boundaries that shouldnt be crossed, and that includes personal photos yeah idk, but bottom line, there should be established do's and don'ts at your school yeah, that would be best i honestly dont see a reason why your teacher feels the need to run *further* background checks as if you're being interrogated like all she needs to do is teach you? literally lol i hope you get everything resolved soon Ahmed. you really dont deserve all that stress :shijudge: "but dad, it really did take me by surprise!" valid valid you cant spell Sushi without sus my mom is a manicurist so she definitely made sure to teach me the basics of just trimming my unruly claws lmao but yeah its basic hygiene as someone who had to learn on his own how to scan every homework assignment for Canvas during Zoom Uni, this is a travesty oop, i used the actual scanner that came with my computer's printer. way easier to use than on a phone personally damn a whole ass assembly just for a personal hygiene inspection fair fair ayo same :e_minor: welp did you not talk to a counselor beforehand?  like asked them properly if you actually needed the class? i mean hey, also gotta build up the credit F how far along are you on the paper? oh my best of luck use the adrenaline of the 11:59 PM deadline to speed through it weeeeeeeeee yall, my geography professor is ranting about how bull it is that our school doesnt get a spring break and how were getting the Will Smith treatment. im fucking dead going to class after that mess of an awards show the day before hits different being punched by him honestly the one flaw of my school is that we dont get a week off for spring break but it is what it is its the fact that we dont get a spring break is a punch in our faces yeah that wouldve been better fun happy birthday rayven that would be a definite yes lol i remember making a forg ass joke a long while back and now Viv brought it to life asdfghjkl whats that?? im asking like if its a small private group on some social media site out there lol oh like i should be looking up fan art online? XD will do :pleb: badass just click on them and you can see the emote name lmao ah april fools event thanks! props to the artist we do it every year lol mood april fools is the one day of the year my friends truly test out how fully gullible i am lmao i used to dislike it because of how embarrassed i would get, but i fully embrace that i am indeed gullible. i owned up to it just me being human ~~a deeply flawed one~~ yeah the R word is the big no-no autistic is a genuine scientific term but people make it sound so ugly for no reason i know esp in the gaming community gamers calling each other gay as if they couldnt come up with something "worse" that is the fucking best Viv is meeting Kyo in Southern California they going to disney tbf i cant afford disney lmao oh damn its the long-haul thing right? damn i think i remember going to the haunted mansion only once but my memory be suppressed jsdflflasd the ghosts oh god i think i recalled a mirror im wondering if y'all have a nightly routine where you just pour holy water at all your doorways lmao O oh wow inflation teehee https://tenor.com/view/wheel-chair-fall-push-cliff-gif-10775291 i always preferred California Adventure over Disney the world of color show at night is so pretty  Fastpass was definitely reliable but yeah it be all about the monies omg i remember knott's as well did they just look at your height and assumed?  the one clear memory i have of Knott's Berry Farm was my friend lost her hat in a nearby lake and we had to wait hours before a park staff member had to retrieve it for us. it blew off her head during a ride, forgot which one I DONT KNOW ABOUT YOU BUT IM FEELING 22 oh rip :( oh lord luck was on her side flex after FNAF yes, before that, i wasnt lmao when its just someone in a costume, not so bad. but then they started using animatronics and i stopped going lol im the ugly sibling, my brother looks somewhat halfway decent. but like we both have similar styles. hair, messy clothes, not caring much about our facial hairs but god we were cute when we were little. then puberty hit us both like a shovel and something just happened lmao same  LMAO mood we were robbed by genetics its a scam my brother hogged all the height from my moms brothers and i got half of that glass  i am smelly so yes im the black sheep of the family so my authority as older sibling became void lmao oh shit :( https://tenor.com/view/bonk-gif-24239187 YES MOVIE NIGHT i have no school on Cesar Chavez Day on Thursday so i can do movie night on Wednesday night going forward Turning Red more or less hit too close to home Turning Red MC is in middle school middle school was something it was when i started to keep my mouth shut because i got in trouble so much for cussing in elementary school. i started to keep to myself in middle school and stopped being sent to the principals office once a month i was just discovering my sexuality at 13 and made a lot of new friends that i stuck by with to this day oh yeah and 13 yo me developed such a dirty sense of humor thats so overkill for a suspension wtf my parents were too religious to have the talk with me so they signed a permission slip for 7th grade science class for me to watch the Miracle of Life video my teacher and her assistants deadass whipped out their phones to record our reactions Viet parents :e_minor: we all just screamed in disgust my sex ed was in college :e_minor: i live in a conservative town so obviously the school district will be too uptight to even implement sex ed  like yall allowed us to watch an ||x-ray of an erection|| but wont teach us sex ed? okay i shit you not, ||i had to watch sperm build up inside a penis while the man is being horny||  it was so weird to see what that looked like on the inside dont forget Jocelyn from ILITW LOL :e_minor: :e_minor: cuties, the both of them Himbo Jax lol right? thats what the general chat is here for :pleb: we shall soon Encanto is really good i watched it with Voltra in DMs lol rip he is gorg tho hes a bicon a man who can fight AND sing marry him oh yeah right  thats so crazy to me to this day ye asdfghjkl youyou fight good  i remember seeing him for the first time in Bird Box :e_minor: it be like that huh  bragging rights. im related to a disney studio employee :) not 1, not 2 but 3 ah thats good too Cartoon Network is the place to go for 2D animation lot of other channels have both 2D and 3D stuff omg yes theyre planning a movie btw  after the tv show ended, there was still so many questions about the world lore so the movie gonna be a continuation of that. im excited to see what theyre gonna do with it i literally grew up watching TAWOG so to see it growing up along with me and my peers, is really amazing touching on both mindless fun and deep topics not to mention roasting human society yeah the finale was back in 2019 wooo have fun with the drowsiness and fatigue and aches :PinguDab: never been, so you got lucky :Bbay: Kyo just doesnt want anyone else for a irl meetup. just gonna be him and Viv lol no i would not i can try spotting the big red hair but other than that :e_minor: Voltra joked a while back that she'd easily spot me with my nasty ass bowl cut  just see me wandering around an airport smiling down at pictures of Tatum, "yup, thats Drew" man imagine being able to travel by yourself tho i can only dream and you're not a big fan of flying huh fair enough but honestly, i'd travel in any way shape or form. train, car, plane, havent even gone on my first cruise ship yet train are underrated man i miss the train field trip i went on to visit a California mission with my elementary school classmates man Japan, dream trip they're so pretty. i only ever got a glimpse of them just by seeing the ones gifted by Japan in Washington DC ye they were gifted after WWII iirc they only bloom fully when the weather is completely warm when i visited with my 8th grade class, they were just barely starting to bloom because it was spring break and the weather over in DC was still freezing *laughs in Southern California freeways* our freeways can go from peaceful and tranquil and within 30 minutes, theres gridlock traffic because some jerkwad decided to slow down for no reason other than to be an inconvenience  understandable me personally, i just think im ready for at least a solo road trip. would be so therapeutic i dont mind flying with my parents but i also could use some me-time out on the road like im in a rush to be independent but at the same time, not lol *cries in March 31st* its me wishing my three assignments that are due tomorrow are an April Fools joke but my professor made it very clear its not :IDKher: LMAO I LOVE IT man its been so long, i dont remember  yes please :shyduck: forg lmao love that the Maratatorship as it should be he bonks people for you  oop the drip and Patrick pickle :e_minor: :eyez: oi https://tenor.com/view/dank-memes-dead-dreams-animated-text-moving-text-gif-11613663 peep the forg server banner bask in the glow :shyduck: sass monkae Viv that would make for a good drag name hdslajld;asd fancy Amazon's SEA counterpart did i tell you, or did i tell you :pleb: god the day after i got boosted, i was so sluggish in my astronomy class. kept falling asleep while my achey body is in pain anyway take it easy and you should be fine woot oofies :/ both of you get rest  :bigmood: my mom but with clothing stores i have not doubled vaxxed and one bewst lmao my family and i are defo getting that second booster Canada it varies across different schools my brother's spring break just wrapped up last week what Aaron said guys who wear those usually make it a point to let people know they dont skip leg day at the gym right?!?!  asdfghjkl same hat its 6:42 AM and im thinking about this lmao :forg: im almost certain her Vietnamese keyboard auto corrected that for her but at the same time, i wouldnt be surprised if she did do that on purpose  reminds me of how the Viet church i go to managed to turn Pontius Pilate into Phongxi Philat :shijudge: ah relatable. but i got hand eczema that fuels it :/ oof teeth thank you  i look so much better oml goodbye hot weather, hello cool weather again :forg: its spring lol but the weather feels like summer  here in california, each week has been feeling like a different season this week was hot af, last week was cool. next week, its dipping back down again .w Los Angeles it can be this is bitchin weather for me. sunny with a bit of a breeze yoooo congrats! yeah i just heard about it recently. he was so iconic and hilarious oh shit he had a tiktok? man, i like to see celebrities getting closer to their fans just by using that one social media account. esp when it comes to those cameo videos they make ooo gracias RIP king :( oh shit Viv im so sorry ah yes another Sushi shenanigan no open doors? outside gates? a low hanging window? truly a stealthy sneaky Sushi in the making yes omg robbery dont let them snare you into their trap shon!  begone thot sometimes a few of my friends have gotten texts. i've gotten a whole ass phone call from them pretty much they'll try and badger you about your personal life some more but i refused to answer just basic questions about who you live with and if any siblings will be in college it really is sketch asdfghjkl noot noot :PinguDab: same guess we're exempt \_()_/ im able to see the GIF just fine lol its a Christian/Catholic thing lol we abstain from eating meat on Fridays until Lent wraps up lol nope beware of ladders and broken mirrors 3 hours til lmao same truly Mr. Steak a real homie for being his only friend they can be when they're benign A benign (not cancer) growth on the skin that is formed by a cluster of melanocytes (cells that make a substance called melanin, which gives color to skin and eyes). A nevus is usually dark and may be raised from the skin. Also called mole. i have plenty of moles on my arms and i just lived with them here's something There are several reasons why adults may develop a mole later in life. These causes include: Hormonal Changes. We all know that womens bodies change dramatically during pregnancy and menopause, and these changes can also include changes to the skin. Increasing Age. The older a patient is, the more likely they are to develop a new mole. i deadass have a mole right next to my nose and my best friend told me its shaped like a Christmas tree and since then, i can never unsee it  because i looked in the mirror and it is indeed shaped like a pine tree lmao omg i vaguely remember that apparently it has a history we all just be knighting our children without the Queens ceremony huh? i almost want to believe that name is an inside joke that combines Fresh and Delicious iirc theres a drink with that slogan  oh dear god  idk if this counts but i once had a neighbor whose dog was named Clue (inspiration from Pink Panther) i thought it was a cool name i also had an English teacher whose two dogs are named Buddy Bear and Sancho. Sancho is the hyperactive one and Buddy Bear is a literal cuddle buddy. i loved them both whenever my teacher brought them to school oh cute! ooh what were they? ooh cute names! glad that theyre going to good families and homes nah my neighbor just loved Pink Panther since it happens to originate from comedy/mystery films with that French police detective it had more to do with the fact that my neighbor was an old woman with adult children so Pink Panther was for their generation and Blues Clues caters to the younger generation same as of right now. imma sleep good tonight what what what cool almost 6:30 in the morning i have class at 8 and i wanna arrive early to get good parking lol but first, breakfast ugh i wish. we ran out and i forgot to buy some  so imma make myself a sandwich or a bowl of cereal or sum Honey Nut Cheerios. my favorite you *would* emphasize that part  cereal before milk. what am i, an animal? ugh break me in half soggy cereal yum literally. i see any guy whose arms even remotely fill up their shirt sleeve, they can choke me and id say thank you  ayyy chillin oh no :shijudge: ShiJudge turned into ShiShame the way i'd be happy i get to learn history in a near empty space LMAO jealousy level is spot on  horny level tho  i relate on the "didnt do the math right" man its that time of the semester huh? when you finally bother to look around you and realize that half the class dropped out 6, 8, 10 people including yourself in a room #art-channel cool story bro apparently i have an old classmate somewhere out there and i came here from my birthplace and i mean yeah my hometown is a lil boring but we got wild animals digging in our garbage every once in a while so it gets a little exciting. its not something to be angry about :( wait, what of mine is itchy? theres my hand eczema  these random texts are just more amusing than frightening lmao tis a mystery ye thanks Viv @azula i really love this poll design! very cool! happy birthday eve! :dopeystarey: oh wait its friday lmao well then happy birthday eve eve saved it :Bbay: @red hot silly pepper yooo congratulations!!!!!  https://tenor.com/view/yay-congrats-congratulations-happy-baby-yoda-gif-21343114 sleep Viv congrats!!!! so cute!  i just stink period hey bestie, loving the profile upgrade Endless Summer is really good diamond heavy tho thats why people prefer to mod ye. the artwork is also different than the mainstream so you can try and get used to it, see if you like it understandable i suppose but i personally loved that they did different art for Endless Summer and Hero Veil of Secrets hbu, so far? both are good well OH1 was good, 2 and 3 are questionable lmao TE was decent but ending was rushed might wanna spoiler tag that for those that havent read it yet whichever you prefer ive seen quite the opposite. BB is extremely popular might have to do with the ending where ||only one of two LIs die by default, depending on who youre romancing|| oh yeah that too  people wanted to be evil PB said, yall must be pacifists or be disappointed :elmofire: anyway if you want to discuss Choices further, we can fly on over to #choices-chat if you want to continue nah this is just general *general* lol non choices discussions  early 2000s live action scooby doo will always be the OG, both films the hidden adult jokes become more obvious the older you get lol and even for early 2000s, i really like the special effects everyone was perfectly casted and Freddie and Sarah being married irl made the chemistry so much better ||hey, i can see myself naked|| ||also looks down to take a peek at the bewbs|| https://youtu.be/D0PnPxyT8Xs and this clip itself is just too heartwarming im jealous of Sarah id cry just like her ngl, tears of joy to be able to witness such an icon Matthew is immortal its not how old you are, its how you are being old my dad is pushing his early 70s and still living an active lifestyle. sure i get occasionally a bit worried when i see him napping and i have to check to see if his chest is still rising and falling but im getting worked up over nothing. compared to me, my dad is way healthier and im happy to see both my parents still on the go age isnt just a number. its all the life experiences you've learned to grow from, bad or good truly oh shit, stay safe Firework if youre prone to eating snacks in the middle of the night, Sushi will follow suit lol Rusty got up just to follow me to the bathroom at night and the older he got, the more often he needs to pee at night as well. elderly doggo tings <.< well then oop woo!  rain heals the soul all i wanted was to use Google Street View for homework and this random New York couple is shown in the Search menu. i mean hey, nothing will distract them from their passion, not even a Google car with a tall ass camera on the roof :pleb: @Wonder welcome! oh ok welcome regardless lmao oof im sorry do you remember your favorite book and LI? treat yourself 21, turning 22 in a few months :OOF: truly crazy how time flies gotta enjoy the present lol ye happy Pride Month everyone!!!! :lgbt_heart_sparkly: :lgbt_heart_sparkly: nah the cough drops i get at my local 99 cent store work wonders for sore throats. i get the lemon flavored ones. they help a lot 17-18. majority of my graduating class were born a year ahead of me so they were 18 at the time while i was 17. i didnt turn 18 until i started community college a few months later 16 is the common age to start legally driving motor vehicles. but in the eyes of the law, youre still a minor being trusted to operate heavy machinery 18 is all about voting among other things yeah the USA is very lenient with teenage drivers compared to the rest of the world but like at the same time, still strict. teens are taught that this is a huge responsibility so consequences are still there for juveniles, should they do something wrong with the car yeah ig its the stigma that all teens are immature and not ready for the big stuff. but u right. a lot of my classmates at the time got their licenses at 16 and it was either to drive to school themselves or go to their part time job but yeah in some scenarios, 18 is adult while others, its 21 yeah. for me personally, life is much easier as a full-time student but i respect those that want to work while schooling weird, sleeping has always been a way to prevent me from sneezing more then come morning, poof. allergies gone LMAO WHAT DID SHE EVEN EXPECT i always thought she was annoying before but knowing her political preferences, she had it coming same tho. its making me miss the June Gloom we used to have back when i was in high school. being able to go home after the last day of school and stepping outside into chilly June weather in the form of a fanmade project online, yeah it actually depends lol ive ridden the school bus in high school with a bunch of other underclassmen and a few of them were freakishly taller than me, i thought he was in my grade nah keep clubbin inch resting havent had soda in months if it makes you feel "better," an old white lady neighbor who lives a couple of houses down from me thought my mom was my wife :jebus: *sigh* people... how did you think *I* felt? id rather people think my mom was my sister, but my "wife"? :ConfusedCat: :shijudge: :kyojail: yay! doggo friendos :shijudge: how long did it take for them to get acquainted?  you have to vote first its basically logging in to your discord in a separate window, watch a short ad, (sometimes you're able to skip it) and then it thanks you for voting this link always works for me so it should hopefully work for you too yeah my bad when Kyo said it was unlimited, it only let me add 3 i was confused but i just accepted it and moved on #robo-lab-bots Kyo put it in #announcements the way you posted this on Father's Day  anyway happy father's day to those who celebrate and ur fathers and father figures ugh wishing you a speedy recovery and any other relatives/people you might've come in contact with oh no  love that for her hey!! :lgbt_heart_sparkly: Sushi? Su-shy :shijudge: T-shirts and shorts. i used to wear tank tops until i became self-conscious so i just stuck with the shirts ok but relatable even before Rusty came along, my parents were complete freaks about keeping the floor clean since my brother and i always had our snacks on car trips always loved stepping on these when they're upside down by accident barefoot and hurting like hell hey Viv, long time no see sup sweaty hbu? eugh brutal and ooh oof rip pet your cat they have their own power grid to avoid dealing with federal regulations ironically, their grid independence and lack of federal codes caused it to struggle during that winter storm with freezing temperatures and the outages yup wouldnt be surprised. it was a catastrophic failure and Ted Cruz did nothing to address the issue apart from fleeing to Cancun this was one of the heartbreaking videos ive watched that happened during the storm. both humans and animals alike struggling https://youtu.be/s0cG3yO8ZRE yeahit was just all so shitty never shouldve happened probably next thing you know, Florida is gonna receive a surprise snowfall like they did back in 1977 ~~sooner or later what with all the climate change thats been happening~~ @azula i got one np yes dunno this is why sims 3 is superior. they give you lots more options also, have you tried the new werewolf update? yeah the werewolves are extremely wonky anyway. the eyes can bulge out of the sockets and the designs are ugly asdfghjkl love that EA is still pride friendly even after pride month is over gib rain to me. and let it be cold  my family went to watch the fireworks downtown while i decided to stay home but i can still hear them in the distance. my neighborhood's HOA has a zero tolerance for at-home fireworks anyway weather wise or politics wise? ah yes heatwaves are a bitch snapchat memories reminded me of a time where 4 years ago yesterday, it had reached triple digits and suddenly, todays high of 88 degrees didnt seem so bad im so sorry Viv  lmao the way we were so obsessed with your gaming status dont worry. ive done the same with The Sims 3 also oof :shijudge: oh boy conflicted feelings   must be generous :dawg: ye hes persistent, ill give him that :wowie: wowie better safe than sorry lmao Mario the Doggo aww wholesome :aww: living his best life good doggos result from good owners only once. why do you ask? i remember the driving track. you drive around in those tiny lego cars and you get a cute little legoland drivers license. there were realistic traffic lights and everything asdfghjkl same i also vaguely remember the water park section. that was really fun too i think so? i would need a pic to verify lol all my other Legoland memories are suppressed <.< ooh yes those were good @red hot silly pepper have fun you two btw! evil genius at work godspeed <.< >.> by any chance is it called Hoa Binh? darn worth a guess lol ive never been there at all <.< but i have been to T&K Food Market ah Phuc Lo Tho a bulk of my childhood was spent there LMAO you're not wrong   i never got around to trying it but my family did lol i'll take your word for it yeye fosho not entirely ready for the face raeveal? just blur out both faces, everyone wins oop me three the purpose of closed beta is to give a test trial run to ensure results. its why they only pick a certain number of people. like how video game developers have playtesters making sure its satisfactory before releasing it to the general public https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/866014243575824414/995900605845471284/v12044gd0000cb5gh43c77u8udd5nlmg.mp4 alright tag yourselves im 5 being raised in an Asian household, i was always taught not to waste. leave no scrap or crumb behind they were part of the sneak peeks posted by PB on their social media. so not really enough of school books in general <.< >.> its not uncommon. the majority of my high school class graduated at 18 while me and a handful of others were 17. its not about being held back i also took sunday school for jesus. it was a hybrid session alongside my Vietnamese language class and church youth group. it was only from kindergarten to about 10th grade my final two years of high school i finally had a full weekend to enjoy again cheating, buying an abandoned mansion, fixing it up by matching three items, but then failing, the roof collapses and then the note at the end "Can you do better?" hi ^this, without an exclamation point i like what you did there LMAO anyway cant decide between Stevin or Itzabella Kylie :KEKWhands: Killy, Mykill, obvs siblings tru :CheemsPray: dont get caught O lol you've never been before when you were in cali viv? ah next time you're there, visit Legoland ooh Knott's Berry Farm was amazing ah Mallory :duckwalk: what happened? ah yeah, i skimmed through some of what has happened in #nsfw-chat :pepeHug: :SCREEE: oh yeah she did a few days ago found near the stairs they say it couldve been prevented and considering her wealth status, did she not have any staff working at the time? he just expressed condolences, saying how she was a great mother to their three kids by three years, yeah :SadCat: :worry: Cardigans have a long, foxlike tail whereas Pembrokes have their tail docked close to their body. Cardigans are slightly larger with heavier bone. Male Cardigans weigh up to 38 pounds while Pembrokes only weigh up to 30 pounds. The basic structure of the two breeds is also different. copy and pasted from the internet omg :NM_PogFish: pog id say so, yeah. a lot of people would want that salary excellent my high school world history teacher had a Corgi that she brought in to class only once. would walk all over the room for pats and belly rubs just chillin alongside our semester projects, judging our work ~~i miss him~~ a lot of toy dog breeds can be needy lol oh i see lol F ooo heat waves bring substance to express mail chocolate :smugdoge: climate change :pleb: perhaps a mess was forgotten and nobody cleaned it up and Sushi took advantage of the few pieces of trash on the floor which included a piece of duct tape pregnant women dont get their periods Ray :DoD_CattoSadAppleRun: happy birthday to him! oh bestie :GWcmeisterPeepoHug: Autumn 2022 couple months from now never watched FWB but i could give it a whirl :worry: poopoopeepee you can't just leave it at that :pepehmmscared: :Emotewhyme: :angydoggo: oh my what an eventful morning :shijudge: : pffft who cares if Kyo needs sleep. this possum needs to know this is my turf the possum: :eyesshaking: B, ice cream sammiches :ASchefkiss: @azula yoooooo happy birthday!!!!! :DogsOfDiscord_2_HeartHand: :PensiveWobble: :KEKS: i would like some context :Emotehmm: inch resting about what? k :worrysip: thank you! @red hot silly pepper :forgwave: doing dandy, hbu? cool :pomg: Rustys and Rascals family tree is more extensive than previously thought oh no huskies have the aesthetic of a wolf but the personality of a toddler past their bedtime  godspeed cutie NEW FWENDS i promise ill be good this time :shijudge: what was the movie? ooh never heard of it .img the age of adaline Blake Lively huh romantic fantasy hmm what didnt you like about it? inch resting ||a woman who comes back to life after death from a terrible accident|| icic sup hot, wbu? ooh yeah, fall semester gonna commence soon head start on packing perhaps? ooh icic ready to get academically busy again? i myself am barely :pleb: so is my younger brother and his whole ass move-in to his new apartment with his roommates. got himself a new piano for the place and everything, the lucky bastard my mom got me cookies and i pulled out an ice cream sandwich out of the freezer living my best life :pleb: ooh have fun! lets go to the beach each lets go get away congrats to him! lmao :this_is_fine: yes any day until the last week of August when i go back to school ye unleash the creativity im good with either one i am now ready k theyre just singing the shanties of the motherland aww :WTFthonk: :TrumpAmongUs: sometime in the autumn, between the months of September and December happy hot-lidays hey now, spiders are the worst and Timothy was a little jerk cant blame them :jebus: whats up?  LMAO my old school also starts tomorrow but my new school is starting next week from K-12, had to spend my birthweek on the first week of school :this_is_fine: hated high school but loved community college im still friends with my high school group to this day and we keep in touch through our group DM also godspeed oh shit, u ok? ah ic, been there just take it easy for a while reminds me of the babies in Sims 3 that ask you to leave the party if the Sim keeps behaving inappropriately lmao you can do it  also can someone please give me the birthday role?  thanks everyone! :forghort: thank you! :forglove: https://tenor.com/view/heaven-fluffy-dogs-doggos-fluff-gif-18579617 oh shit wtf lmao you just have a natural resting bitch face  fuck them kids oh dear lord :shijudge: ^ my mom, being a bit nave at times in her life, once mocked a Chinese person on TV by repeating "ching chong" and i just sat there uncomfortably. like she was just talking in a commercial? why was that comment necessary? we should VC Shrek again NOT GIGACHAD DONKAE ooh wearing your hair like that stan ao dai? yes mhm oh nice i was named after a character from a folk song (the Viet name my parents call me at home, not on my birth certificate) apparently i'd trade my soul for food so its accurate it is :Bbay: ooh really? <.< >.> oh jesus oh thats pretty god elementary school consisted of free time dancing to Cha Cha Slide and Macarena only during assemblies YMCA didnt come around until 5th grade ish lol where did you come from, cotton eye joe? my uncoordinated ass could never exactly down gnarly Hes becoming a meme after being banned damn sweet home im still active lol it just depends on what goes on in our lives and our timezones is it not triple digits where you are? <.< >.> lucky ass god if only LOL Office Depot wont know what hit em they see us rollin hjdjklsdajsadjk safe travels! where you heading? oooh have fun!!! you know what, also valid :pleb: https://tenor.com/view/ours-communism-bugs-bunny-communist-gif-24069854 hell yeah sugar humans lol what a bisexual thing to say indeed :bisexualbite: get the sugar one way or another  didnt you know? the world revolves around that big head of hers owo he really pulled the no homo on you huh? fellas is it gay to give a genuine compliment to a fellow straight man :hawyee: :ConfusedCat: inch resting rice always good was there a Heineken as well? no Viet gathering is complete without the obligatory case full of them just looks like another day in Vietnam gnarly Weather wise , it's miserable wdym? you're acting like we dont have any T-shirts and shorts just dont wear dark colors and you're chillin lol ^ inch resting  :jebus: while my other fellow Californians were getting rain, my app keeps changing its mind as to whether or not there's even gonna be a thunderstorm for my area next week and these fucking insect bites can piss off my human anatomy exams looked exactly like this  honestly they should just might as well change it to say labeled with an arrow zamn, i love meeting the word requirement on my assignments exactly :pleb: *says one nice thing*
omg does he like me?  our gaydars always feel the need to get activated all the time :hawyee: true :forgcry: jesus fucking christ "Sokka Cock" the name on the top of the screen  if you say so :caticon: #current-events-talk but yeah rip visit #roles to get the cet role its the newspaper emoji i only use cursive on my signatures. anything else is just regular printing Rei can kiss my pale yellow ass JEIGHSTYNN white people names, istg  starting to think parents come up with these names just for attention. making the child feel "special" for their "uniquely spelled/sounded" names quirky shit Paisleigh works every time, especially in Asian families :pleb: i did once one of my first favorite apps when i got my first iPad glorious. absolutely glorious cute! nice 10/10 on my first group stats quiz, lets goooo (even though its the first day) aww its a love declaration lol people reacted with one of Yvettea emojis to Everett instead youre gonna have to be sad about it over in #choices-chat lol but welcome regardless youre not wrong tho. nobody listens to me whenever i say certain channels need to be moved to different categories after books wrap up either permanently or temporarily  oh well i dont want to be rude ;-;  hmm welp no no its ok lol theyre aiming for the college student customers the school year is starting back up and people have to restock their supply pfffft back in my day, my classmates would post things on Instagram: Like this photo if you have a crush on me there would often be like 5-10 likes after 24 hours lmao truly <.< >.>  the confidence gotta give it to her leaving them on read to simulate aloofness oh wait message request. there are no read receipts lmao what she doesnt know wont kill her :caticon: tbh, we dont talk much but youre pretty cool. 7/10 im glad youre not fighting it  but he probably is at this very moment  LI competition time eh? whip out the love triangle trope LMAO My First Bi Panic oh really?  a possible short king you had me at leather jacket :forgshock: masculinity. we wanna reject it but were also allured by it charisma yum LMAO Louvre worthy  clearly a sign me, an unlovable gay, reading these really intriguing boy stories  putting you on the spot only has eyes for you :Bbay: hey for the time being, im more than fine living vicariously through yall  yeah :e_minor: these are the kinds of experiences you can never get through dating apps :hawyee: me in 5th grade damn :hawyee: lmao mood Ahmed love that also get it its mixed signals lately huh? my last intense crush was in elementary school when i was pining for a tough guy type of boy who was surprisingly strong. literally offered me piggyback rides occasionally and i took the offer, no hesitation. i took any excuse to get close to him  even those bro punches on my shoulder that sometimes hurt but not too much he disappeared after middle school and i really miss him. wherever he is, i hope hes thriving yeah idk where he is  i believe i found his facebook account a while back and he lives pretty far away from me but he is not active on it at all. not since like 2019 iirc the first and last name and pfp checks out but that account is definitely inactive  mayhaps i actually did send him a friend request but he never responded for over a year LMAO so that confirms that :hoopla: a lot of my childhood friends also have facebook accounts but by the time i stumble upon them, their last activity dates back years ago  so youre not wrong people my age got bored of facebook and favored Insta and Twitter and Snap more a lot of people still has terrible ratings on the app store last i checked but people still use it lol Bitmoji is just too fun LMAO we are the same  <.< >.> sweaty smell is more of a kink  :eyez: no no, hes got a point :hawyee: :jebus: LMAO same  car enthusiasts stick together 
    LMAO car puns Ahmed  hawt anyway :dawg: <.< >.> wooo! eh my family has had a Tesla for over a year or two. im just used to it by now the door handle isnt hard to grasp. you just push, grab, then pull the speakers are great for Bluetooth music tho. definitely is top tier for me personally i took my cousin out for a test drive in my dads Tesla and its the most fun ive had for a Lunar New Year party lmao touch screens are the future just gotta accept it wanna go for a ride bby? jkjk new account, who dis? oh rip :hawyee: <.< >.> ooo :/ well im definitely not the person to ask since im shit at reading signals xd campus heartthrob :hawyee:  casually pretending you dont remember his name and then go "oh, its you! from way back" "don't turn around, don't turn around, don't turn around" classic movie trope hey, if it ain't broke aloofness the way to go worst pickup line :jebus: oh shit rip man, at least he can take a compliment from both women and men fuck me im exhausted lmao <.< >.> thats a lot of effort just to reject you tbh wishing you a speedy recovery  i have whats your verdict? oh yeah thats gonna take some getting used to other than that, i dont mind this type of layout for my music and higher security for those who would want to snoop through your hidden and recently deleted photos face ID tings oof @kyo mood my brother and i get our slobbiness from our dad and our mom is an alleged neat freak but take one step into her room and there are piles of stacked laundry baskets full of clothes she never even wears agreed sounds about right Pomeranian represent with a lil bandana and everything gnarly @kyo confirm  hey welcome! favorite book and LI? noice! Veil of Secrets and Sawyer Oakley same! both are fun reads taste  Mal good and so is Nia! BOLAS best book but yeah like Viv said, its gained a lot of traction over time and a lot of people are asking for it. keeping our fingers crossed i'm boring since i've gotten so used to Andrew by now and i'm fond of it so i couldn't imagine being named anything else i know a Viet named Jasmine lol and two others named Tiffany OMG i knew a Filipino named Nicole  i know a Stephanie, Shannon, Elizabeth, Jennifer, Grace, Faith, Melissa, Ashley, etc. oh yeah and Kelly, Jessica, Monica, and Brittany i knew a white Janelle and a Hispanic Janelle but never an Asian one