do I have to answer ALL or can I pick one? @azula I haven't played OH2 till the latest chapter, got distracted Someone in Mexico go visit and take pictures xD What'd u expect from foreign films which are poorly translated? Train to Busan is a masterpiece Other than that, I liked Parasite Maybe they ain't used to the stuff shown? Lol Too desensitized maybe rip guess they joined the wrong group of ppl lmao ^^ modded apks only work with Androids ooof did u rage during a match? yikes depends on the damage HAPPY BORFDAY @azula yayy lmao bot canot comprehend nice Insider? today? it's August 3rd for mwe hopefully HAPPY BORFDAY @icy moons modded is the way to save wallet lmao I prefer the women of Choices rather than the men but I'm probably spoiled by great female LI's xD same, I got VIP too but only for a month I hoard cuz they ain't getting used anyway xD lemme tre it's a  utube link FUCK OFF MATE Really? in 2020? wait, banned? why tho? ^^ but the gems of single LI's go to the VIP books AVSP and WEH did single LI right also I'm somewhat excited for a book 2 of TNA we use abbrev's for book titles to make it simpler ahh Hero had some big shoes to fill in > Oh I just remember some kid calling me Ching Chong in elementary school because I got a higher test score
Ching Chong mean talkative (not officially but slang) > Which is weird because I live in Asia
@azula same 161 29th June 2020 nice 69 BB has 4 books total hope u enjoy it, it's a good series overall if u like the supernatural of book 1 I assume atla? whats that? ahh I have not all of it but some episodes lol damn, 2000 words awww ^^ lmao I have an idea of what sandbags are but I could be wrong > And she's taller than me
@azula REEEEE they'll probably use CG and camera angles to downscale her LMFAO 2 inches, man you're no taller than a kitten how tall? I'm 6'3" WAHT? haha > YEAH omg  haha how do you do fellow giraffe
@azula I'm doing great HOLY FUCK 6'9"? am I reading that right? lmao imma stay out of this, good luck fellow giraffe how bad can it be? uh oh HAHAHA BOI got called out I got BAMBOOZLED oh man\ welp, guess I still remain the only freak of nature when I was ard 10 I was 5'9" lmao she's hiding from the same 2 numbers? a typo? NAHHH https://tenor.com/view/pink-guy-you-pointing-finger-yes-you-gif-14094650 umm, are u talking keyboard or numpad? I'm pretty sure u can't mess that up 6 and 9 are far apart if it's numpad then I guess it makes a sliver of sense uh oh Pri is now gonna demonstrate that she creates chaos uhh ohh my cat is literally meowing at nothing rn nope SHORT is anything below 5'5" the shortest in my class was a 5'2" HAHAHA viv has kicked the hornets nest I knew a dude who was ard 5'1" lmao lmao viv looking for every excuse o cock xD there is no starboard ;-; I miss being that special snowflake poster Pri causes chaos wherever she goes I've seen peaceful servers become chaotic idk how many times my name in the server changed cuz of Pri haha I still forgot Mara was doing BD2 review in Spoilerland uh oh xD oh no I've seen my fair share of chaos in Spoilerland, idk abt joining the chaos xD I cannot tell who is who how is Spoilerland? really now? for all I know Spoilerland is more chaotic than this rn xD also spoilerland has the well spoilers viv abt to handle a crisis a DHD crisis lmao haha oh no > Join @Rayvenrock
@oge I prefer my sanity intact tyvm whats in it for me? lol no ^^ nope I may be weakling but no oh god https://tenor.com/view/filthyfrank-gif-5228178 https://tenor.com/view/papa-franku-filthy-frank-wink-gif-10006337 https://tenor.com/view/mac-river-filthyfrank-gif-18492490 hi Mara don't forget the color https://tenor.com/view/tvfilthyfrank-gif-7557558 haha Drew is desperate for the Drewpocalypse he'll do whatever it takes wrong emote or Gif mb https://tenor.com/view/filthy-frank-pink-guy-pink-omega-joji-metaphantom53-gif-14655476 satisfied? https://tenor.com/view/party-partying-dank-flithy-frank-gif-5934211 https://tenor.com/view/joji-miller-filthy-frank-screams-scream-gif-10510536 DECEPTION over 9000 https://tenor.com/view/vegeta-its-over9000-gif-14419267 still no starboard I guess Drewpocalypse is ded aiii u mean Lovelink? ^^ it's very fun tho pricey I think it looks good for what it is basically chatbooks but Tinder focused also some of the chats are incomplete and some characters have counterparts ie. Samantha Clark and Aesha Nora so if u swipe one of them and have a convo with them, u can't chat with the other unless u unfriend them https://lovelink.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Characters near full list of characters HAHA XD oh boy I changed my pfp now it's Mona hell yea also I posted that art in #art-channel already ^^ Hi hi ooog REEE can't tell but no  they probably have a precaution abt those sorta stuff gonna replay TH:M it's a gem maybe cuz she American? lmao reminds me of AVSP or TRR in a sense the only things I've heard abt them is that Meghan isn't a royal but Harry wants to be married with her and no one else they tried everything I only kept up with them during the marriage after that is a blank pretty much lol that do be the case in most Team meetings my class always stays silent cuz we can't pay attention very well HAHA ^^^ if u want a tear jerker then WEH is a good one, if u want Platinum but for the fashion world then HC the writing is great compared to what we had during the same period regardless thats just wrong imo ooh yikes maybe get CPS? then nvm if your niece is still being refused for her room even after u asked nicely, then telling sounds like a good option tho maybe ask relatives first for aid depends, is it her permanent arrangement? 1 yr old is still pretty vulnerable, esp if she plays in the kitchen BUY VIP so worth it in one month u can binge alot nice. who u gonna go for? ES is loved by most also there are alot of LI's so one isn't enuf true a good romance can make anyone like a book also true 2 A Bahasa that translates to "2A" dk what that means YASSS a fellow Annabelle fan I'll wait for Ms Match to be finished first I doubt they got inspo from PTR unless the writers play Choices lmfao, whoever that kid was I hope she got a good lawyer my fav books are Platinum, AME and Bloodbound the chapter is old and most ppl know already I think I saved everyone same oof having everyone alive is a nice bonus in ILB oof xD KING KANG RIP man my Choices folder is 13GB large dw, you're new ahh the pain soon my Choices folder will have a new subfolder, MTFL XD lel it's in limbo atm tough WABR and ATV so far. can't remember the rest VERY ^^ SK, WABR, ATV DS if u hate horrible cliffhangers the ending ruined everything DS built it's awful I enjoyed NB, at least it had BB connections TE2 was a downgrade I can sorta agree I enjoyed TNA for what it was, smut Endless Summer one of PB's flagship series before the decline MW is also a good one TF is a mixed bag TRR is good as well VERY the whole series is rivalling TF in main story length MW, ES, Hero are your primary goals ye I played it cuz I was bored the only thing I liked abt BaBu was Myra yea sad day or RoD2 yep and a werewolf and political book if they can deliver VoS vibes then they suceeded sad Ms Match is the only revealed VIP so far PM and AME vibes romance the type of plot smells like PM for the most part ye oop I played all the bad books y'all said after my run of BB ie, BaBu, STD, SK WEH is a great one ooop much the only VIP books worthy of reading so far are TUH and WEH AVSP reminds me of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's marriage I feel old I'm 20 Boomer no u > AVSP reminds me of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's marriage
since Meghan also became Duchess of Sussex supposed to be in bed but now can't sleep almost 1am for me lmao ye trying to figure out timezones in a nutshell lol lol lol xD I think u mean more chaos ooop whats the one in the sub? EWWW still Benji on anything sounds wrong next week Ms Match even tho I can't play ;-; I just found out that my country has an actual comapny called McDermott yea welcome @SparkySweet ESTELA YASS haha I've been one ever since I laid eyes on her nahh famn except VIP books VIP books and their single LI's don't feel forced I found Dakota and Simon/Ava to be great LI's the multiple LI books (multiple being more than 2) I love are TCTF, PM, HSS, Platinum (Shane included), TRR/M, ILITW/ILB, DnD, BB, ES, AME and TH:M lmao but at least the LI's were hawt *cough* Kamilah hell yea still abit annoyed that Lily isn't in any of the BB posters even tho she's an LI well they were wrong boi lol even tho she's in the minority, thats still isn't a valid excuse yea the "comic relief" and I did laugh and groan a few times xD the only book and MC to have a 5some FAX even tho it'd be expensive AND finding a new writer since Platinum was a commission job, PB were planning it to be a standalone I think and Peyton was in controversy back then so maybe PB wanna stay away I don't remember the details tbh Jackie ye, Jackie tho for some reason ppl hope Kyra will be an eventual LI truth also true what books have u read @SparkySweet ? who's your fav LI in Platinum? Raleigh and Avery are both god tier imo hard to choose but I liked Raleigh abit more did u pick male or female versions? yea I picked female versions I almost always pair my MC up with a female LI I always name my MC using the ES default MC name, Taylor except in HSS OG and TF where my MC's name was Chloe Choices has always been female MC centered I always name my MC regardless of gender Taylor I picked Annabelle naturally yea Unity mostly Merida yeeted the princess trope they both have weapons too well 1 does, the other technically is probably not nope it's not, just checked Choices description in Google Play haha damn thats just wrong my current Choices alternative is Lovestruck the writing is good for the books I've read so far and the characters are really well built imo also they got ALOT of art for each LI which u can save for yourself one of the artworks used fair each LI has ard 20 or 30ish unique art related to them depending on the LI chosen, from simple stuff to some spice (not explicit ofc) oof Lovestruck has non-customizable LI's and MC's which is fine by me they look good when in artwork and in story > Should I do AVSP or TUH
@azula TUH but if u want a book thats complete, AVSP > Does anyone else cry when they see cute things
@azula sometimes yea model reminds me of a mix of Moana and Mulan for whatever reason lol that too I have the game but never played it lmao MW did that and look at it MW = no LI and focus on story = legendary Spoilerland had an Among Us session? oh ahh when u asked it was ard 1am so makes sense I didn't catch it I've been looking for an excuse to touch Among Us xD thats why I don't play public matches less fun I remember seeing someone voting a person out just cuz they were pissed at them xD lol THREEP Bestest cat ooop I have the game but never played before xd REEE ok then how do I do this? I play on my phone right how do I select servers? cuz I entered the code and says game not found @Deleted User can someone help? pls I feel like breaking down already. @Deleted User is the game country locked? kk my phone is ded @Deleted User Yes lmao I'll be the 2nd one either that or the one ur in Viv lmao lmao lmfao I always copy math homework from the student who always gets A I always finish English the fastest cuz I'm smart boi Math I always copy cuz I never pay attention in class the "I'll help you with it" applies to accounting, business math and economics for me because sometimes I also teach these I was a big nerd back then we had homework was for subjects I had no attention for > I was that nerd who never shared her hw
@Deleted User I was too but unfortunately my classmates are very persistent we even had classmates from other classes asking to copy homework lmao we had a whole network of homework copying I'd do the "bold to assume I did my hw" depending on the situation that applies to if I did it in advance lol same Lovestruck has some good LI's and alot of CG Lovestruck has a mod of infinite keys so u can binge but to grind for hearts (the premium currency) is a different story MAN DS ending pissed me off big time that was after reading the script for it prices for premiums in Lovestruck cost abit more than your average Choices premium and they don't say exactly WHAT u get out of it, could be a steamy scene, could be a CG, u don't know which. To get hearts u gotta read a specific LI's storyline for a specific amount of chapters the daily task asks for, after that u gain anywhere between 2-5 hearts sometimes special dailies happen that can net u 10 to 15 but the number of chapters also increase from 10 to a whole season > Facts. Schedule has been dry af lately. Decision making barely has any effect on the story anymore and the MCs usually have no say in the matter. God I miss 2018 Choices. Back when you could choose your MCs gender and make decisions that actually had an impact on the story
@DaHomieDrew fax 2018 Choices was when I first started playing so I experienced alot of highs ye and Choices alternatives Lovestruck is what I've been playing trying to find other ones RIP Storyscape Disney killed off a potential menymaker PRETTY Ice Cream RAAHHH why? how can someone like you (an angel) get sued? LIES damn oop tf :e_minor: fax I think the time for apologizing HAS PASSED rich doesn't mean she gets a pass I am bored so imma replay smut simulator in Choices not Witness hell no, but TNA rn I'm at chapter 9 halsdhlasdsa and here they are, making 2 smut books I chose Hispanic Sam this time instead of Caucasian Sam cuz her surprised face isn't as bad as the latter Caucasian one is as well, tho her surprised face threw me off so now imma do it right and pick Hispanic and u right, she looking HOT her hair is the only one with highlights I don't have a playlist my playlist literally is a playlist of songs from With Every Heartbeat and Platinum lol Platinum IS music oop a blessing hi ooh how is that bad tho? some look like a cute dork tho hi tough choice Favorite book would be With Every Heartbeat, Platinum, AME and MOTY. Fav LI are Raleigh Carrera (F), Kamilah and Mona HSS is good as well but not among my favs same Platinum was a hit tho it was very expensive to make I have nearly 6 cats so cleaning isn't too much of an issue yea I have one as well other than the Wolf Bride and Foreign Affairs? nope we stuck with TRH and RT Ms. Match as a VIP bonus Wolf Bride and Foreign Affairs da new books which were labelled "Untitled Political Book" and "Untitled Werewolf Book" I have my ways also it's on another server I'm in Wolf's Bride will be VIP was abt to say nah, I got kicked from Spoilerland months ago ye Furry? if they follow the same concept as NB's werewolfs then oh boy REEE I have never read any of those but now I don't wanna lol I'd rather read Havenfall is for Lovers' Mackenzie than smth like that Mackenzie's route is also an AB concept but not as bad as NB's @azula from another server yea Discord has been having issues REEEE I'm not signed in to Newsletter  lmao nope the only time I felt high and mighty was correctly guessing what MC sprites Ms. Match would use some ppl said this is what Platinum reminds them of that game reminds of the Kim K game what game? Episodes? rich bitches sounds like the top 5 including old QB Poppy ooop cuz it's too flashy if u wanna flex, be subtle abt it the more outlandish u are, the more ppl will wanna take advantage of that oh shit do I smell TRR inspired? nice > Oh wow I missed RCD faces
@azula RCD faces? u mean the ones where her face is sideways? Simon? who dat? OHHHH yes, Simon do be a dork I know 2 Simons in Choices, 1 in STD and one in AVSP YES same good thing I have a car nice no shame also according to RT, it'll reduce your carbon footprint as well depends on the car @KaiaLou I can help identify most cars @KaiaLou it's called the DS3 Citroen DS3 not the facelift but the original nice nice > None of them have a screen in them.
@KaiaLou OOF morning woke up to 350+ messages in choices chat what was that abt anyway? ohhh the last thing I said abt him was iirc "I am not banging him cuz he might give me STD" Dale regardless someone who hates them I named mine the default, Zoey change what? lol u monster I won't be having kids OLIVIA? damn boi all of those names are literally Choices character names yea sure there goes my fun I think my phone has gone haywire it keeps restarting itself thats also the phone where I play Choices on no repair shops exist that do maintenance on my phone since my phone isn't released publically here since my phone is broken I have no means to play Choices welcome @Raven nothing can beat Civ which? NYOOM https://tenor.com/view/nyoooom-fast-red-car-racing-vrooom-gif-13603040 yea the EU got speedy internet sure > what kinda chinese @Rayvenrock
@azula half Chinese, half Indonesian I can speak some fukkien but can't make sentences > Have you done a DNA test rayven?
@oge I got a Chinese name my parents can speak fukkien, some cantonese and mandarin also it's hokkien, not fukkien hokkien is often used for some Chinese slang > Nah I mean if you did it
@oge nah I don't bother > what the fuk even
@azula wdym? where's the DNA site? @azula 79 dollars? jesus odd lol thats the mystery oop either moderately fair or olive I'm sleepy, it;s 1am rn so my brain isn't runnig at full but yea, I think your skin is either moderately fair or olive lol yea ahh shit, because I lost my gaming phones data I also lost all my Choices screenshots that I haven't exported to my PC yet RIP there were chapters from TRH3 and RT in there\ this Friday/Saturday I have no ieda I am a man not a woman lmao no ahh I see for the SEA it's 21 the same day has TRH3 yikes hopefully they'll be like TRH babies lol hopefully our children in BaBu2 get to learn abt the LGBT true ALAS it doesn't hopefully there will be dialogue differences with the male Clint and Mayor Dixon compared to the female Myra Dixon yes lol and Mara will have to play this when it comes out xD ohh I don't think anyone wanted a mate in BaBu2 NO SIR I'd take Myra > Clint yes both Miles and Myra yea and thats a fact CHOCOLATE tho the topic of "good" is subjective fair tho I suggest play smth else cuz rn there ain't much good stuff for those with absurdly high standards then u should replay the older books at least until smth interesting pops up the only thing happening this week is BaBu2 Cordonia and Apples I've seen a few of those as well and here I thought America had the worst drivers I feel attacked for the Asian driving trope xD oh ik I accept it tbh chatroom? whats that? I don't use Reddit alot of new ppl also I thought Brookley was here before today before today includes the one where they joined and left shortly after same I didn't go to prom to take some rest so cursed u had to censor your face? REEEE REEEEEE lol lol HOPY BDAY @oge hi your Discord name is what I name my Choices MC's I think you'd be crushed the bed should have a small gap between the seams GAS https://tenor.com/view/initial-d-drift-gas-gas-gas-drifting-car-gif-16653721 welcome welcome mood, I am procrastinating rn to the MAX POH viv going to US? I dropped out of college not officially yet but I plan to yikes b cup? what cup r u at rn if u don't mind me askin? cup size means boob size ok yea u got huge cups u did? Can I have the 18+ role pls? ty ty yay congrats on graduating @kyo you've done smth I couldn't I plan to dropout college yea I don't plan to live anyway I never am what kind of help? no that would cost money I'll manage somehow I've made it this far alone it shows weakness hmm zero effort sure but ppl still buy them the new merch rn are pins u serious? MTFL has a sequel? lol NVM my dumbass forgot to scroll up ur already in it? lol guys I...lost my cat not gone as in missing gone as in dead @azula not well thx I can't hey Hispanic F! Blaine for me YASSS F! Blaine u mean Foreign Affairs? it's the ONLY one that interesting among the lineup imo oh I thought u meant FA oops lmao this is pretty accurate oh shit, I check and there's math problems I never understood these math equations tbh wdym? ohh whats the purpose of those "Mental Math Questions"? I see what are the SAT's basically, idk what they call it in my country so they're like college admission tests? fancy, tho sounds stressful then again every test is stress inducing meh nice watchu gonna read? REEEEE Wolf Bride a furry's wet dream finally changed my color role I got MC just haven't updated since 2019 someone said Minecraft mornin ahhh that meme so good oup TH:M yes Tillie and Sonia are HNN yes imo Platinum could've been great it's great as is but some parts could've been done better lmao first time playing I played with volume off and skipped song yea ik the calendar doesn't say it but hopefully surprise release of AVSP why? what's a kalimba? u Fabien, me Tillie but in the end I go Sonia this is alot to take in I'm Chinese but how does this work? too much Oxy I think lol imagine if ur grandma still looks that young tho question, who is or was Jordan? aka Coolccmystery wait, he passed? Oh shit I'm sorry lol I think I'm speaking on behalf of the few that weren't present during his time here but who was Jordan? damn, going that far back? I may not have known him or what happened to him but may he find a happier place in the afterlife WV? oh, that new Disney Plus show thats taking up the Youtube ads? Looks like it's a nice watch and an interesting addition considering Vision is supposed to be dead I'll probably wait till it's fully released then binge oooh it looks appealing, a universe where Wanda and Vision have their happy moment lmao how the heck did that happen? ikr? if someone like her can access a government account the we are all and truly fucked alright mine almost accurate agree not interested in anyone eh? thats true the "Please Be Careful" part is relatable Human race kinda sus ngl lol isn't there options for that emoji? she sounds like an angel how hard could it be to release 2 chapters on day one? whateves, at least we finally get the final book of OH hence closing it for good (hopefully unless FB Moms want book goddamn 4) hopefully I love me some zombies imagine if the law book coincided with FA LMFA typical Viv fashion imagine if they added a nod to u 3 years? shii *coughs* recently cancelled books smells standalone imo YES GIMME ES pioneered it ILITW improved it I think then what abt AME? first 2 seasons if they do they better give Tatum more smiles, istg that mans smile solves everything Adrian bod was ripped, they made Tatum slightly more ripped the resemblance is there lol regret nothin I picked Kamilah I was originally picking Adrian but then they introduced Kamilah as potential LI he already has one lmao ohhhh shii man I'm jealy it all makes sense now u felt DIRTY for trying to cheat fair with Jax's story officially done I wonder what'll happen to the BB crew now LMFAO REEEEE HOW does that even work I'M DYING MAN I'd understand looks and personality but ||FUCKING SEX??|| EVERYTHING? probably the style now my mind is going all sorts of directions Morning Arza or Lu as you're called when it's quiet it's hard not to notice lol https://tenor.com/view/big-impact-dave-olson-salute-effect-affect-gif-17117022 fr tho https://tenor.com/view/parks-and-rec-andy-dwyer-chris-pratt-jaw-drop-shocked-gif-4421172 when we see Lu typing HOOO boy here we go just like some ppls built in Gaydar ||sex|| same positions? whats the ARC? good vibes activate https://tenor.com/view/sending-good-vibes-think-mind-good-day-positive-gif-16782543 sleep Kyo for longer than five hours if possible lol dat do be how it is YET YET Viv is the definition of chaos lmao oop I'm the one with his foot on fire cuz I'm dat much of a dumbass no wait, I'm the woman behind the counter just chilling while panicking on the inside lol SEARCH DLKAHKJALSJLA BORIS VLADIMIR BARK BARK BORF VLADIKMIR SCREEEEE lol Vlad Putin https://tenor.com/view/wide-vladimir-putin-russian-walking-gif-17506944 lmao yes maybe he's the owner of the "Life of Boris" YT channel  ? SCREEEE lmfao we've been spending a few minutes speculating Doge's name lol lol ig thats what's making them the most yea L early Choices were on top of that with Kaitlyn and Zig FB moms would complain relentlessly former SAME what did I come back to HAPPY BDAY Rae  doin meh Matt is the meme of Wii haha no one can beat Matt no uh oh I'd buy it probably made for those homebodys thats a good question who made the bed? lol goddamn FB man lmao bruh I had to stop myself from laughing and choking on my own Oreo thats a college quote if I've ever heard one lol lol fok yea\ Queen how those asses are so round is a mystery on it's own oof MEE thats alot to take in I miss my Doggie mornin folks lol I just had my cup of coffee and I'm still groggy ANAL bruh xD attackin Viv right there xD welcome what movie  ? Viv maybe watch that new Pixar short? Souls I think is what it's called good question, where is Doge? yikes fair enough sad to see him go tho yea FA imo is the only thing worthy same I play the finished books like Platinum , AME and PM the good old days were the best days VIP tbh wasn't the cause imo, it started going down slightly even before VIP Forg oop pics handsome Doge droopy ear  FORG umm how do u measure wrist size lol? imma bet 18cm FA gonna win icon of the month again mine does too even has a small gap lmao it's an odd thig to witness https://tenor.com/view/fast-times-gnarly-sean-penn-smile-gif-5664506 REEEEE I will stab goddammit I can imagine LAHdLKAjSlA lol under the name Queen V ridiculous REEE lol thats Viv AJd:AJDAJ:S yea arms get buff big stronk oof man Soup good indeeed nothing wrong with apple juice addiction yea I have apple juice almost every week lmao mood my parents made me drink water instead of of juices I liked milk as a child as well I drink straight from the carton oooh changed my pfp yes to memorate her one and only book mood who even does that? apparently Canada sorry, gimme a sec there we go swapped to Mona Viv bonks the horny lads to horny jail yea thats fair also I see Forg true\ I'm very indecisive when it comes to pfp icons at worst I switch every few minutes or so FORG oop unsurprising FA won changed my pfp again lately I've been playing alot of Lovestruck so my pfp's are usually the LI's I've read and grown to love the current one is Lavinia, the previous one was Vanessa Helsing Lovestruck has alot of CG's compared to Choices cuz the MC always has a fixed look one storyline can have at least 25 CGs, 5 for each season same man I just used some body spray, found odd it smelled off and checked the expiration date, it's 2 years over cuz I had other cans of spray? who do we have this time? Ayna sprite YES do we get the WB LI's as well? I heard Slow Burn is March yea the Gordon Ramsay simulator lol it would be pretty funny tho Ayna in some odd way they always are even tho I picked Blaine, Ayna is my 2nd mornin folks what're supposed to do exactly Kyo? interesting, I was gonna say Divergent series as well lol but ig thats out of the question what abt the Purge? the Purge is a movie series does it have to be any specific media or can it be any type? lol yea not imo big brain 2.8.1 from Andropalace.org np morning mornin been quite awhile man tbh pretty meh mornin doin meh it's so hot outside jealous me? Indonesia sleep Kyo jfc lol morning ya weirdos Mornin/Evenin then oop Mena Girls time to make a twitter acct to like done yw yw morning folks yeehaw Dew it MOTY is frustrating but a good read TH:M is god tier morning I see Kyo playing Roblox and? nothing wrong with that Happy Bday Priy welcome back @Priyudi discuss FORG Hi not much, u? understandalb lets go Ok HOW do they know ladhlsadjlad? this is unsettling, how do they know this so far they're pretty spot on for me REEE time to set a date lol YAYYY, sounds fun closest I've ever done was Paintball lol goddamn Kyo is an absolute unit just smth abt playing with a teamis not as efficient as going solo hmm, have good eye sight? lol hide and sneak attacks oop then don't lose ur glassses this is how Kyo won xD ^^ lol why does Lu never wear a seatbelt? Lu where u at? mind blown umm, I think I have a zit or whatever u call it\ lol yes hey at least I'm 5th behind from Pri by oh 700 lol it wouldn't be how it is today without the weirdo gang FOOD I want pizza BUrger Queen should be a franchise on it's own can u do one? oooh yea same I'm hongry I wanna dial Pizza Hotline and order rn istg 10:15pm for me I want them cheese crust pizzas I like any crust as long as the pizza itslef is good Muse Girls? mornin Mornin evenin Hi Forg morning folks oop morning folks welcome Kevin is their last name a reference to Hazel Nguyen from HC? lmao what kind of inception level shit is this oh no lol here comes the 2nd coming of name assimilation yea thats Viv for u lmao let chaos commence well can't beat em join em Kevin Nguyen meet Kevin Nguyen https://tenor.com/view/who-are-you-who-am-i-where-are-we-confusion-what-gif-14454260 lol hello fellow @DaHomieDrew man this is so chaotic and it isn't even the weekend lmfao https://tenor.com/view/kevin-the-office-michael-scott-steve-carell-gif-16777682 the threats have begun lol Kevin? https://tenor.com/view/kevin-hate-nobody-asked-you-kevin-gif-11192343 hi Kevin https://tenor.com/view/turtle-dance-flapping-flying-baby-gif-13938722 https://tenor.com/view/up-kevin-girl-gif-11433463 https://tenor.com/view/kevin-cunt-gif-13760998 https://tenor.com/view/louis-tomlinson-kevin-dove-about-to-cry-one-direction-gif-17135875 basically whta kind of math? math is BORING lmao goddammit brrr I found Viv HLDAJSLKA still abit silent tho maybe some are asleep, working or just have Discord off you've been made blows my mind night night Kyo morning folsk how's everyone? ye I wanted to change my pfp then I got the warning I'm changing them too fast ig I'm stuck with this for awhile they both tied no one is letting up lol unless she already voted oop Viv pick Tatum oh yup another tie lmao Tatum winning lmao Kyo wanna stay neutral doesn't really matter tho, Tatum winning by half I'm bored man class is so boring while class is going on I'm reading TvTropes.org abt Choices TvTropes is what I read when I'm bored rn I'm reading abt Perfect Match well at least TvTropes acknowledges it same I did hate her by chapter 11 but somehow liked her again by chapter 16 I can't wait for next FA chapter man sup\ rn this place is quiet cuz some are either busy, asleep etc ooh oh really? I have just didn't know there was a whole server for that yea the old VIP books are pretty good reads morning folks rn for me it's 10:58am oop Viv screaming? sure sign me up. I'll probs be deaf afterwards Sorry to hear abt that Kyo *hugs* xD we all do oop lol let it happen Kyo lmao sounds like a challenge Kyo doesn't do hugs according to themself uh oh oop how did u get them in the first place? lmao forg goodngiht manifesting negative test https://tenor.com/view/steve-carell-no-please-no-gif-5026106 mornin folks Nuuuu oop\ does Rae's Sims 4 have all the packs? xD bruh I have a thicc heavy blanket oop oop enraged Viv engaged lmfao lol LMFAO Viv I think we've established Viv isn't the most stable person here lol I did not expect that xD Kachow https://tenor.com/view/speed-i-am-speed-lightning-mcqueen-cars-meme-gif-14031708 Kachigga O man u got this Granny Viv in a wheelchair saying Kachow O man bruh she sounds like a piece of work what a bitch I'm sorry but thats what I think abt her lol probably when she's able to depends, how much are they? Viv is a weapon herself yayy I'm assuming a literal fruit rolled and punched u awake ohh. oh my oof understandable, last time that happened the whole channel was on lockdown ikr? lol Kyo angy lmao no judgement here for me it's Friday also morning folks I couldn't sleep at all Viv's spirit animal right there imagine twerkin that fast oh? whats it abt? time to replay QB and prepare myself to tap as fast as I can in chapter 11 ooh England givin me Desire and Decorum vibes thanks for the heads up, I'll take a gander at it when I have the time uncultured swines why? oh my REEEEE he gonna feel the fury REEEEEE yes bruh bruh just get a Nokia, even if he drops it it won't break. The floor will break instead xD agbsdkjabhdas\ I have a Nokia Brick phone if u want to give it to him @azula REEEE or the other way ard eya unless the group ur with has a big Apple fetish and won't accept u without the products aww I don't even understand how someone can be so clumsy Mcdonalds Fries anyone? yea fast food is smth I didn't have alot since lockdown go sleep Sims can be very addicting in the creating department spent 4 hours just to make 2 characters yep it was either Vitoria or Sage I have all the DLC's oooh her werewolf look is abit better imo, she has white fur instead of Vitoria's grey but she seems more uncanny imo man I spend hours already on Sims 4 which part of Sage are u in rn? I wonder when they'll continue both Sage and Vitoria I paid for all the premium options true it's a shame cuz the women options are intriguing Bababoeey changed my pfp again morning folks whats everyone up yo? ooh welcome to the club, you ain't alone I'm still here whats cracking? yikes usually imo they do that cuz they have low self-esteem morning I have no shame watching that and may or may not have watched Winx Club as well as a kid also some MLP mood I never watched the former, only the latter man I think my phone gone whack again I left it to charge overnight but now it won't even boot up mornin congrats Kyo nice well that was unexpected yea that chapter of Choices is gone my day could not get any shittier, first my gaming phone doesn't wanna start now my rooms lightbulb died when I turned it on for the phone or lightbulb? I woke up and my phone didn't wanna start I left it charging overnight like usual no it's not hot quite the opposite I left it to charge for 2 hours which should be enough for it to at least start, pressed the power button but no start alright didn't work maybe the battery gone kapoot or the OS has issues swapped my lightbulb so now it works but I got a yellow light now instead of white idk why but it feels alot hotter now this lightbulb has the option between white and yellow light the white one flat out doesn't work while the orange one does nvm the white one works BaBu imo was straightforward at least also morning @azula TRR should've been the end true ^^^ should've been called TRB instead of TRH imo would've made sense ain't that the truth doubley so if u romance Maxwell who's struggling with money I think oh no I am both excited and scared good question oh shit I forgot abt BaBu2 Slow Burn releases this week iirc 26th true unless u count AVSP ig guess there's no ping just a notif mornin folks my hair is a mess but ig thats expected mornng I took an early shower for once same a cold shower at night makes u feel refreshed I have no bathtub hot water do be nice when I wanna wake up I have someone spray water using a hose outside my house that wakes me up immediately we got one of those sprinkler nozzles as well so go full power one of these things lol thats what she said lmao she looks familiar, where is she from? ohh Demon Slayer, I remember watching the movie they released and after watching my Mom told me my cat died when we were watching because no one was at home to take care of her I never watched the anime so I wouldn't know, I was dragged out to watch it with my sister. I told her I wanted to stay home cuz of the cat but no even tho it's been 2 months I still feel guilty abt it I watched it ard January this year if anything I feel bad and hate my sister at the same time, she probably felt the most guilty because she didn't expect for the cat to die so she could drag me to watch with her I miss my cat, she was the only one at home who I can usually vent to even though it sounds stupid venting to a cat who can barely understand the human language but she somehow knew I was sad everyone else at home couldn't care two shits about me, only my cat did she would accompany me to sleep because she knew I always have nightmares so she was like an anchor of sorts I still have her as my phone wallpaper to remember her by, everyone else seems to have moved on because they just saw her as a cat but I can't lol I have 5 cats atm lmao HOT lol Viv HOTNESS ah shit good news, my phone is fixed. Bad new is I lost all my data RIP those screenshots of FA I forgot to transfer to my phone yayy and yikes sorry, guess this should've gone into #tech-channel I'll bear that and what you said in mind I have a question, if your stomach suddenly starts to feel painful what do you do? I think I may have eaten smth off maybe it's my lack of tolerance for spicy food cuz I did eat smth with hot suace I got lime water with me\ there's not much left so imma just finish it ^ even the bot agrees Lu gonna be the Queen B of this server we all love you too Lu got get em gurl morning CUTE never saw the appeal for those I like seaweed flavor tyvm oooh uye they want to have explosive diarhea MEE I cannot handle spicy food, the moment I eat my tummy gets angy LMFAO ikr? SHUSH our ancestors are rolling in their graves yea disappointed excactly their tummy has big tolerance, unlike ours no it's deatj lol if I eat spicy I die in seconds I do and I regret it lol BBQ wings only no spicy when I say no spicy my other Asian friends look at me with confusion yea but unlike Christian Grey we can have Female Sam female Sam imo makes the experience more bearable lol REEE asdlajdasa mood goodnight Kyo oooh Viv has Kim Possible as pfp oop dammit was abt to say I would be Buttercup as well fax also idk what my pfp should be, I'm indecisive af done She-Ra? whats that? I only know Haikyu and Demon Slayer ooh my pfp is now Ava Montjoy in her premium makeover. I regret nothing oooh, here I thought Adventure Time did it good with Marceline and PB I'll bear that in mind my 2 favorite things agree I'm so bored I'm reading tumblr fanfics and stuff abt Choices books and whatnot oof oh Viv, thats awful AHHHH  FORG FORG best pet bruh tho ngl, the Demon Slayer movie wasn't that good imo lol pls don't kill me probably yea My sister does, I don't lol apologies Elder context aside, I did enjoy it it was beautiful I'm sorry Viv pls don't kill me I'm too young to die lmao PHROG I need context ohh bruh wat an idiot should've played Minesweeper how have u not heard of Minesweeper I'm dying shdlsadhjlasjdf time to read FA and see what they have done to Tatum Kyo becoming a responsible adult get well soon Viv what am I even looking at:LMFAOdead: man-cat oh boy YAYY how does it feel? Morning Viv also happy Birfday @Andromeda yw enjoy your special day pics I wanna see furball I just rewatched Avengers Endgame, I have goosebumps and crying like a mess oooh cute Orange boi indeed Marshmallow? like FA's Lynx? better than what I named mine, Moby as in Moby Dick how? if u wanna talk abt it ofc ARE U SERIOUS? A SNEK? AGDHKAHSKA Poor Bianca idk either I have ||gun||, do u want me to go boom boom? SMACK IT WITH SHOVEL FireWORKS yay Birth? morning how's everyone? oooh welcome back have u named your street cat yet Viv? mood oooh pretty name noice afternoon how so? yikes that ain't good uh oh yay for the snake go yeet, bad cuz now he may bite other pets or ppl ^^ oof, that ain't good. Good Luck Lu morning what y'all doing? I feel that it's raining hard here I never bought merch morning Kyo umm I need some advice, someone sent me a .rar file thru my Gmail. I thought it was a virus so I scanned on virustotal and showed up clean Should I unpack? it was from someone I knew on Tumblr so ig so we were talking abt Sims 4 and Choices and they told me they were gonna send smth to me tho never specified what or when thats true I'll do that just unpacked and did a virus scan again, it's clean apparently they sent me the Sims 4 files and CC's for their recreation of Poppy Min-Sinclair was not expecting that tbh but at least it wasn't anything dangerous Oop thats a mood REEE 8 hours of foot cramp Oop REEE I don't even know my own college schedule nice cya later I'm bored guess I'll go play Sims 4 and try that Poppy Sim someone sent me I'll probs post it in #multimedia-shabang if I can get a good pic yes we talking abt Totally Spies? Blossom WAHHH Mario Rosie REE Sus oop get a new one oop fell into that one lol owo lmao Viv do be Viv imagine playing SB then waking up my feet are a size 45 at this point OOp I forgot there are diff measurement types gimme a sec it ain't Shaquille O Neil big but pretty big for a normal human here we use euro size that would make my size a "size 11" good idea yup my feet too huge finding shoes here are tough cuz they only go up to 43 or 44 max so gotta use old shoes all the time they don't look bad but they do get stale I use Celcius cya and good luck Kyo few more hours of cramped feet ikr? morning how's everyone lol soft hair is good hair Taylor I use that name alot as in Wren from AME? I accidentally drank some rancid milk (even tho expiration date is still way off) and now my tummy hurt I didn't swallow it, I spat it out but I guess some went into my system I drank 2 glasses as for fruit we got none atm at first I thought it was just the glass I was using so I had someone else drink it with a new glass and it was just as rancid thankfully the 2nd carton of milk wasn't rancid if I added an -ay to my name it would be Rayay I think I might have to go to the doctors office tmrw, the rancid milk might've done a real number on me I'd go for Taylor as of now I have officially become 21 REEE I feel old thanks I'm used to ppl just forgetting my bday well it's technically still night here lol thx that is if I can wake up from Monday Blues thank you thx WEE a birthday role what does the Birthday role do? also morning today is my bday the 29th of March thank you cm Viv Borth I'd go for the childish self tbh I'll def be watchin as in I had to leave VC not leave to go out why? where have I heard that phrase "cool beans" before sounds familiar was it Speed Racer or smth? howdt and no I shall not REEEE :elmofire: make me lol fair enough good night lol I like the main characters who go from zero to hero thats understandable, they are pretty intriguing too much of that already exists imo ofc not everyone has the same taste oof when it's hot I have both fan and AC on full blast till I feel cool REEE here it cam get as hot as 38 or 39C oof we have no snow here wish we did tho C first 2 sound too normal for Viv :LMFAOdead: I knew it yup HNJDAJDSA Sorry Vivi now I feels bad big brain moment imagine Viv as a Trex I'd cower fr omly thing "new" is BaBu2 coming back this week FA rn is the only thing keeping me hooked until QB2 releases fair enough this week Ayna finally gets screentime WEEE morning btw I woke up at 11am even tho I slept the same time as yesterday wats everyone up to? yikes morning Oop Kyo Big Feet good night my cat gave me scratch they aren't much but pretty deep huh, then ig them scratching up my whole arm is a sign of love peace Kyo mood tbh, my face is always like that great uncle? ooof AGDJHAGSJAGHDJ\ what did he work as? an animator? oh wow how dare they the one with the plane? I'd be down will it be a free map? iirc it was from another game, Henry Sitckmin I can already hear the screaming of pointing who's the impostor I remember watching it during the game awards oh no fuck oh look at the time, time to go to bed and I do mean that, it's almost 1am here bugger off lmfao hey if I can get featured in a PB book idc no, just no I will fight with my dying breath https://tenor.com/view/that-ass-goofy-smug-hubbahubba-gif-4788755 lol I'm 21 I watched Wall-E when I was 13 when I was 11 I was watching Fast and The Furious can't beat a classic bonk https://tenor.com/view/frozen-elsa-smile-happy-gif-16227182 oops she was for the opening minutes yea yea my sister always pestered me to watch Disney princesses when she was young cuz no one else wanted to watch with her I no like nose I forgot who the girls name was I can get behind that casting Cinderella was good everything else not so the most recent Disney movie I watched animated or not was Raya and The Last Dragon imma just get it out there, I never watched the OG Aladdin oh yes I only know her as Velma from that one live action Scooby Doo movie series same my childhood in Disney Channel were HSM, Suite Life of Zack and Cody and Wizards of Waverly Place I forgot Selena Gomez was the main character also can't go talkin abt Disney Channel without Hannah Montana yes Mohter figure oop oh man Goofy Movie, so many memories exactly the Goofy Movie was where Goofy wasn't a total klutz for 100% of the time and was actually likeable I liked Max, I remember watching the Goofy Movie everytime it aired on Disney Channel 2nd on iirc Goofy goes to college with Max while dealing with the fact Max is growing up I can see the resemblance also the fact that crikee can write Chinese better than I can ever be is saying smth and they ain't even human that and the Dragon forgot the name Mushu Mulan movie has no Mushu or Crikee lmao Violet how does that even happen tho only time I did that was when I was choking while drinking poor nostrils I can imagine right time for me to sleep fr before Lu and Andra kill me again. GN oh I will believe me xD morning uh oh we still doing this ofc u don't I shouldn't expect less well come at me then, I'll tackle u to the floor https://tenor.com/view/tackle-wait-running-fall-gif-12532358 https://tenor.com/view/kittens-tackle-gif-10105605 lol how did u do that? Storyscape I forgot it's April 1st same here and yet even so they still get you somehow Mr. Steak my one and only now there is streaming MOVIE NIGHT? oof Forg quality mood tbh Viv in egirl makeup was amazing phat ass basically :hoopla: yes oooh I can see the resemblance me hottie  umm, mine is in Chinese and idk what his friends used to call him ahh I'll just call mine Grandpappy sorry to hear that Drew I don't have a middle name or a last name in my paperwork and birth certificate I love Naveen The man is ripped he probably shaves you never know, Tarzan is pretty resourceful oop same\ Slytherin? lmao pretty ,much ajfdlksad I wanna try as well we'll see u snek thats pretty telling no? I got my results Ravenclaw knowledge is power? man I'm a fucking dumbass if that can be a power I'd be superman ooh WEEEE morning I woke up and my bed had 3 of my cats sleeping on it a fuzzy one, a blind one and one that weighs as much as a baby thats what I thought the fat one I call Big Chungus even though his fur is white and yellow sleep sleep before Lu comes wack Fanta Orange yum what're the options? more juice? oop same we don't have them here Wii fit for the win play Wii Sport and get destroyed by Matt I'd have to download it again but sure I can already imagine the bickering just to point who's big Sus can't swin gang shame HI Viv sksks I found a VN game releasing this Halloween, it's called First Bite U can pick ur pronouns and everything oop I'll take discounted food hnnn u got this Kyo morning folks I have Big Chungus sleeping on my lap, he heavy he's abit of a scaredy cat, literally he always hides in his hidey hole like a big guant mouse he is very big he bigger than my thighs and I got big thighs oof take a nap Viv Bark Bark Borf https://tenor.com/view/arf-arf-arf-arf-howl-yowl-woof-gif-12769566 ^ Viv not sure where the eggs at? Happy easter I can def hear it I remember that episode always playing on repeat here goddamn discord won't let me change pfp's says I'm doing it too fast https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfxI9DQzxEg here it is I think now thats a new one my parents didn't really limit me to anything as long as it's age appropriate defok oh that I know believe me my parents think mental health is only "autism" hell they even called me autistic in front of a few friends even tho I wasn't I remember my Mom not wanting me to ride a bike, told me the moment I fell I'd be ded idk if I have ADHD or not, judging by the behaviors listed it sounds like I could have it ain't that the truth does it have to be hospital doctors? cuz rn hospitals are a bitch testing center eh? lol young viv would do that I don't think my country has any, I've checked for them and no dice not in the small island I live in bruh the man tryin to hustle even at the crucifixion respect wonder if he did sell anything Big Chungus is with me rn he a big loaf of bread morning mornin Kyo ladhjlada who is this lucky man morning Viv :hawyee: someone say attractive dude? gimme that popcorn is it sweet or salty? sweet caramel tyvm oooh lol same I'm just scrolling thru Tumblr atm hello morning my Youtube acct got disabled. REEE got copyright struck by Voltage USA aka the ppl who made Lovestruck I uploaded all 21 soundtracks from their series Love and Legends and all 21 got copyright striked 3 copyright strikes = disabled account I got 7 times that Oop indeed thankfully I can still use everything else but Youtube oooh I want okie dokie, I jsut got home anyway so need to go freshen up oooh me a PI would be fun, u get to cosplay as Damien Nazzaro I forgot his last name I'm a craftsman apparently I've worked so tirelessly on smth I died before it got finished oop fax lol yo she sounds so good, if u didn't tell me I'd have thought she was an American singer but Viv said she's Filipina ohhh I see I thought she was born in Philippines and raised in US mb ahh ok my cat just dragged his ass on the floor like he itchy yea https://tenor.com/view/dog-doggy-puppy-labrador-butt-scoot-gif-5639275 like that, he did that now he asleep after dragging his ass for a few more seconds tbh I didn't expect a cat to drag their ass ard like that I always thought only dogs do that it's almost 1am and my parents will kill me if I stay up late again unfortunately morning folks morning is it today? for me it's tmrw ohh can't forget OH3 nothin peaks my fancy atm the only thing that did, FA is ending after that back to Lovestruck for me oof oh no Vivi we're all here for u Vivi what happened Kyo? AHDLAJS I can relate, even on summer break I am always worried abt college ughh same I don't even wanna think abt it tho I am technically a college dropout so idk why I still worry abt it smh Andro Lu angy I liked Shego better there's a Netflix series abt Winx Club? PLL? whats that? ahh ADHALKDLKADJ WHAT? Stella is the blonde one right? I don't remember Winx Club very much oh god oh no what happened? after they flush they wanna go asap not some ppl ik a few ppl here who do that here, esp if the toilet can flush on it's own GADKAHSKA NASTY trust me I've seen ppl at my school during my senior year not flush I enjoyed the animated series' on Nick uh oh you should maybe get that checked mornin folks man my browser's autofill ain't working and I forgot my passwords weee breh morning whats everyone doin? haddjda goddamn bruh thats smth I'd never thought I'd hear oop Happy Sushi good Sushi homophobic chicken? how does that work? ohh oop was that why y'all were streaming? poor Fae reee and I thought mine was bad where do u check? there are so many speedtest sites, which one do u use @faede ? same well my ping is awful awww Lu  so wait, who owned the car previously? You or the company? oof thats harsh yass name it the Lu mobile hehe mornin I couldn't sleep my cats were noisy as hell u better know it all 4 of them, I'd say 5 but I don't even think one of them can meow if he could oh def tho they are abit restless at night sometimes they were literally running up and down the stairs chasing each other bells chiming a white and orange one cat is Big Chungus, One of them I call Trash Panda, the blind one is called Lolli, a fuzzy Angora called Mango, and a tiny white cat called Moby @Arzaylea thx lol fr I have pictures of them, I'll send in irl squad I had 6 but one of them passed this year thx my cat oh no we will Viv ooh hawtness morning how's everyone? cheese pizza? same I want it so bad pizza so expensive here yes same idk the conversion rates but I'd have to guess 8 bucks IDR what movie is it? mornin whats everyone up to? oooh what movie are y'all gonna watch? just sic Viv on them Lu driving smth expensive recklessly? sounds abt right https://tenor.com/view/girl-car-drive-thug-life-gif-9933565 ^Lu no seatblet, zero fucks I can only imagine this is how u drive https://tenor.com/view/me-bean-car-green-drive-gif-9073531 the true king seatbelt? HAH what're those Lu tell him what seatbelts are power of the internet https://tenor.com/view/turtle-friends-funny-dog-slow-gif-13962148 https://tenor.com/view/crash-fail-flop-slide-go-time-gif-12905765 lol tell that to the guy who flipped and wrecked it boi how dare u https://tenor.com/view/how-short-girls-drive-short-girls-drive-driving-cat-gif-14997722 mood I use it too I use automatic BUT I can use a manual tho my use of manual is still stiff sometimes, esp if I'm going up a multi-story parking building the panic :bigmood: I can imagine them rolling down the hill ughh https://tenor.com/view/manual-fail-car-accident-car-shift-gif-7365850 yes I want in and se Lu perform Initial D before our eyes https://tenor.com/view/initiald-car-gif-5414479 who? Rashon? oop https://tenor.com/view/shifter-shape-driving-what-trick-gif-16730981 how I am is good film not the best but better than what they're doing now imo from stealing CD players to fucking international spy shit when we going to space yea F&F has a special place in my heart fr or fight the Avengers cuz Thanos ded now Avegers vs some lokes with cars fr Furious 7 got me to cry good morning what abt Atlas? do they count? oh yea LHKADAJDA what is ATV lol fr lol nothing really is in ATV MC's job description what abt ACOR? the brother yea character designs were great dlfkjasldkjalda true, Alexis does look good but the book she is isn't xD REEE no one competes Elliot winning by a landslide poor Cingerix in the end, Elliot gonna win https://tenor.com/view/purple-drink-juice-turnup-gif-5091120 maybe Kyo has an extreme case oop big brain https://tenor.com/view/big-brain-markiplier-gif-14835823 . . . VIV . such is a theme OWA OWA dammit OWA OWA OWA OWA OWA OWA FUCK OWA chaos ^^ OWA OWA OWA FINALLY lol buy herself talent yea I'm rereading TF to get Becca route I'm 21 god ^^ same, I'm very stumped and I dropped out of college you'd have to memorize alot is my guess finding a passion is hard but eventually you'll find it :pleb: I can be a getaway driver years of GTA have prepared me for this moment Bulba bby I go Charizard yayy mood https://tenor.com/view/war-crimes-i-want-to-commit-war-crimes-minions-cheering-gif-17479160 this is Rae https://tenor.com/view/only-you-my-man-in-love-my-desire-touch-you-gif-17154087 this is Sam Dalton my eyes hurt just looking at that gif it's cool https://tenor.com/view/whats-the-report-give-me-an-update-whats-the-update-whats-going-on-whats-the-news-gif-16490273 AHHH Brooklyn 99, such a good show https://tenor.com/view/im-devastated-captain-holt-rjh-gif-10153257 nope fr https://tenor.com/view/hot-damn-captain-raymond-holt-b99-gif-12347919 Holt was such a cool character https://tenor.com/view/captain-holt-brooklyn-nine-nine-brooklyn99-captain-raymond-holt-andre-braugher-gif-13945912 also his spats with Wunch pretty entertaining https://tenor.com/view/wunch-holt-brooklyn99-over-gif-7518631 iconic I am probably Jake Peralta https://tenor.com/view/number5-jake-brooklyn99-gif-18426332 I watched How I Met Your Mother I never watched The Office, I've only seen the memes. Is it any good? Rosa would be Lu? Lu is scary lmao then you have Boyle what abt Terry? fr lol gn then there's Scully and Hitchcock Terry an icon, must protecc Terry loves pudding https://tenor.com/view/holt-euphoria-brooklyn99-andre-braugher-emotion-gif-10081907 what abt Wunch? whoever gets her has to butt heads with Holt alot https://tenor.com/view/terrylovesresponsibleagriculturalpractices-terryjeffords-terry-crews-brooklyn-gif-20670115 I love how he always states smth with "Terry..." https://tenor.com/view/alright-fine-great-idea-okay-yes-gif-13252071 yea did anyone else have a crush on Wendy? yea https://tenor.com/view/gravity-falls-testosterone-wendy-mabel-pines-gif-4670485 oop is Viv smart tho? Viv in a nutshell https://tenor.com/view/banana-joe-the-amazing-world-of-gumball-tawog-gumball-caught-gif-14256869 YES we all tremble before Lu https://tenor.com/view/gritar-el-increible-mundo-de-gumball-miedo-panico-susto-gif-20710570 yes at first I didn't know what the context was but then I got it we all need to I did got caught 3 times https://tenor.com/view/darwin-gif-18012916 now I'm 21 so it's legal alot of memorable episodes also the animation quality changed overtime https://tenor.com/view/amazing-world-of-gumball-gif-18036905 goddamn buff Richard yea\ but tbh I don't really mind good question if u do I wanna watch Gumball mornin whats habbening? thats nice Korrasami ftw https://tenor.com/view/korrasami-korra-asami-legendofkorra-avatar-gif-4918738 lol oop how do u get emotes anyway? ahh 10 bucks a month for all emotes I still need to convert cuz I ain't living in the US oop lol if only "had" oh shit thanks @rashon24 :halal: oop Shon being everyones sugar daddy fr he got money I don't got :CrabRave: :PepegaPolice: :PepeSlider: sorry I'm havin too much fun atm :RareParrot: yea Rashon being the servers Sugar Daddy istg xD taking the opportunity Winner winner chicken dinner :BongoLove: ayoo Lu slep :LOGGERS: who is bread? ooh cool baby so adorable congrats idk where I should put this so I'll put it here. So I decided to drop out of college even tho I'm 1 year away from graduating tho I still haven't officially dropped cuz I need to go to HR to do that, I haven't told my parents yet (I mean how can I even?) and I should feel good about it because it was one of my main issues for me being so depressed and stressed but tbh I just feel guilty and useless about it. It just feels petty to dropout when I'm just one year away but at the same time I don't feel happy at all ever since I started college, this was smth my parents wanted and not myself. Now I'm just lost IT and in the beginning I tried to make it work but it never really clicked with me and it just made me miserable as of rn, not really. College was supposed to be smth that would help me find it but tbh I just feel more lost than ever a gap year? probably tho I'd have to pay for it umm wait nvm we don't have gap years here if I do I'd have to redo the whole thing from Freshman year I'm already on my 6th semester which is already specializations I would probably take some time for myself first while finding some part-time jobs. As much as I wanna go full time immediately with the state I'm in I don't think it's wise current classes? it's online so not much else to say, I attend, tune it out to try and focus and not much. Sometimes when I'm having a slight anxiety attack for some classes I don't attend my parents won't allow it. They are those types that don't believe in the superstition that is mental health and they think the only mental issue is autism. ||SO when I have issues they just call me autistic.|| I'm 21 so yea I am legal age I suppose Tho last time I did that my Mom asked what we were talkin abt and she scolded me and said ||"unless you're an autistic person, u don't need any sort of help mentally. That just shows you're weak, just push through it"|| sorry there alright then\ tbh I'm just lost rn, I usually go cycling on the afternoon from 4pm to 6pm to try and calm my nerves which does work but when I get home all the panic comes back I usually calm myself down by designing cars, usually take 2 hours of my time but they fly by tbh not new cars btw, just wraps and visual designs smth like this I have but they don't have any schools for it here they're all overseas it's ok, I live in Indonesia, the Kepri region ig you'd say idk how to translate fr\ big ups hopefully ADHD? tbh I don't think I could focus if I wanted to where do I even get tested after reading the symptoms it all matches up to ADHD are these usually paid? my parents ain't gonna like this but we'll see thats the thing, I have no intentions of continuing college anymore a year to go yea they don't have facilities here website says Indonesia, thats the whole country which is made up of even more regions and islands and among the listed, mine ain't among them lmfao very subtle subject change\ he speaks mandarin? is he fluent? nice smelling is a pretty good bar hjfjghfuhhyg thats the usual mood I learned all my Mandarin and Hokkien form my parents and their swearing Morning Mr. Money Bags xD 3 Nitros in one day :BrigLove: aww what a prevcious bean ignore my typos I'm having jitters Hi viv oop Kyo buy Nitro? lol dogercoin ftw damn kyo play bitcoin? or dogecoin fair man Kyo is richer than I am yayyy better a happy Lu than Luzilla sadhkasda :blobcute: GDKAGDHAD I think we all feel old abt reunions tbh my highschool reunion is in 2 years DJALJLA preggers I'm still contemplating if I will join mine, I never joined senior prom it;s more catching up than anything, sometimes even do dewbauchery morning folks morning for me AC means Assassins Creed uh oh do we need to drag u away to rehab Kyo? let's just hope Luzilla agrees with that sentiment Oop then again what game doesn't have that these days :LMFAOdead: https://tenor.com/view/you-like-jazz-jazz-bee-bee-movie-you-wanna-dance-gif-7542753 lmao or maybe they just get a sick kick out of it? mood Voltra outlives us all lol classic Kyo lol ayo I need to go to bed, my cats are being pieces of shits and waking me up in the middle of the night mornin folks whats everyone doin? mood oop honestly, thats pretty accurate for me and my cats my cats couldn't give 2 shits abt anything Kyo knows me better than I know myself man :yes: :LMFAOdead: also I love the fact my cat gets their own seperate emote xD Big Chungus would be proud if he wasn't sleeping gm morning I have MC but no mods WEEEE I fr forgot my version been 3 years since I last played I still have my MC launcher, I think it's Java lemme doble check yep, mine is Java Edition depends on when y'all free I'm playing an Overwatch lookalike I haven't played in 4 years atm, Paladins lol true how do u join server? okie downloading the update I gotta DL alot of updates cuz I'm so far behind, rip launching the gam yay depends, what time? cuz my timezone is different just gimme the when it's 1:25am for me SOO I won't be awake for another 7 hours or so oof I have awoken morning folks whats everyone up to? sure sure I need to do some shit irl first only said April iirc welcome FORG :forg: MC duh morning to u too I woke up at 10am so might take me abit to get ready and whatnot afternoon looks like someone recreated the food from Sb Viv doesn't really like what they've done with the food sacriligeous yup tbf her points are valid presentation is also key morning folks whats everyone up to? morning wassup as in teeth braces? I think they were high off their marbles this is just..wow ok then nvm, she deserves it panicc been stress eating or pose as a frog seller https://tenor.com/view/cabbages-the-last-airbender-frustrated-gif-5890297 https://tenor.com/view/avatar-the-last-airbender-love-cabbage-vendor-gif-11374215 who'd be the cabbage man and who'd be the cabbages? also those cabbages in the foreground look like those nasty ass eggs from Alien one dat *day mornin folks did I miss an MC play session? ahh ooh gimme a few minutes gimme 2 minutes PURRL? who is purrl? lol AYOO google translate? this bdakdhjaldfa fammit Viv lool Tagalog morning dude and dudettes I remember me cooking instant noodles and idk how but the noodles got black I did thats what I don't get just shows I can't cook for shit when the food defies logic thats when u know it's bad just some instant noodles that were available in my country and how I cooked them was based on the instructions in the back boil duh if there's alot of them if the bubbles reach the top of the pot mood thats how I am everytime with hot stuff https://tenor.com/view/somebody-touch-my-spaghet-italian-the-three-bears-stereotype-stereotypical-gif-10750566 I always use La Fonte pasta noodles yup dancing? are u hallucinating? NO u I tried but the noodles were still hard I don't really drink take one out, if it's wobbly then u know it's good I only drink beer I buy the cheap beer cuz broke ass college student I usually get Heinekken or Tiger brand beer lol fr depends what kind ur baby ofc u can't bull I can only do 2 then boom spoon copsticks bruh https://tenor.com/view/its-the-law-marion-moseby-mr-moseby-london-tipton-sweet-life-of-zack-and-cody-gif-14113324 language! this is a Christian server https://tenor.com/view/vine-power-of-god-and-anime-dont-fuck-withme-gif-14088993 every weeeb ever https://tenor.com/view/pedro-monkey-puppet-meme-awkward-gif-15268759 I completely forgot Luzilla is here lol Luzilla hasn;t fought King Kong yet https://tenor.com/view/julia-medina-julia-ot-ot2018-operacion-triunfo-ot-julia-gif-15693213 when I search Luzilla fr pure chaos this early in the morning it's still the AM for me https://tenor.com/view/reee-kid-tantrums-gif-15375793 lol me lemme boot it up lol that would be a very Viv thing bruh I always hear some asshole playing oldschool rock down the street at night booo okie dokie :yes: where sugar daddy Rashon at? get him to buy u Nitro xD :3_: :shifty: :YeahBoi: morning doin MC sesh on the weekend? PARTAY same lets go out and get some oop good thing I have a KFC nearby open 24 hours I'm hungy yes I did try french fries with my milkshake yes REEEEE is it deep? must've been a flesh wound then ^^ just hoping it isn't infected by anything I used human bandages on my cats before ooh lol mornin is there MC sesh? oooh YASS nice permit yup everytime someone asks to switch channels, the convo 98% of the time immediately dies with it yea my blind cat is going bonkers rn she's running ard my room meowing and screaming like a banshee, she's blind so she can't really see yea and now she has finally passed out AND then she farted, asshole damn Bernie mornin oop my new fluff is abit restless atm he is walkin ard my room full of sass there's a Lion King 2? I didn't even know there were more after the 1st one mjkkkkkkkkk=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[=[                        2/111111111111111111111111111 REEE please ignore that, my cat was stepping on my keyboard I never went buddy can't even go to Paris to begin with lol I still can ride coasters BUT I have a fear of heights goddamn who puts a height LIMIT on rides? (if it's minimum height then makes sense) defok who even does that u should be able to play with whatever height u are your jaw will hurt believe me 4'11" I'll give u some of my height Viv, I'm 6'2" I'll give u 2 I got them growth spurts boi my Dad is 5'6", mom is 5'9" or smth my sister shortest at 5'4"? my sister claims she's short cuz of genes but we all deadass know she short cuz he belly drags her height down except her hell yea gakdhsadlkas how dare he also my country deadass thinks the word "view" is spelled "viu" I saw it on a Youtube ad I cringed kadhaksds at least urs is at least close mine is one letter short I deadass remember one time when I was on the beach I saw a sign that said Danger: Crabs but the picture was of a goddamn Jellyfish i LAUghed and then I remember another sign that said "Caution: Wild Boar" but picture used was a dog my country finds ways to make me laugh even on levels of stupidity yeap as an Indonesian myself YES I remember when I went to Bali, tour guides were so friendly Jasmine was my Disney crush back then hi fae I wanna change my pfp. I have been repped by Poppy long enough\ I regret nothing GSAKJDKJADSH I wonder if I still have the picture changed my pfp to match the pink watchu think of my pfp choice @azula ? I lost the picture it was OLD man REEE I had one in mind but I think it's abit too much YES TADASHI WAS TOO HOT TO ||KILL OFF|| he was voiced by an Asian American actor iirc changed my pfp again She-Ra? wth is She_Ra? ow what made u suggest that to me? I'm intrigued oop MR PARK REEE Discord says I'm changing pfp's too fast is it released already? fine I'll give it a watch when I get a Netflix sub OI xD BECK not today cuz ot's past midnight for me I SIMP for Jade yes I'll watch it tmrw (or today since it's already 12:15am) Jades hair was the bomb back then (other than Cat's red) https://tenor.com/view/jade-west-victorious-elizabeth-gillies-smile-happy-gif-15917302 I didn't ship them cuz their friendship seemed more precious in my eyes https://tenor.com/view/jadewest-victorious-liz-gillies-gif-18848545 also I always noticed Jade's hair always has different highlights sometimes it's green, other times it's blue yes gadfdfgh https://tenor.com/view/beck-oliver-tori-vega-gif-10296635 this man is too hot for a kids show yes several ppl typing kjdhaksdad who wouldn't be afraid of Jade lbh? ^^ he still produced classics like Drake and Josh, ICarly and Victorious but yea everything else is a no no also WHO here remembers "True Jackson VP"? YES, glad I wans't the only one who noticed Josh became RIPPED You say what now https://tenor.com/view/true-jackson-vp-gif-11664720 I forgot Jennette McCurdy appeared in True Jackson VP it';s for the best, her experience with Nick wasn't the best yea now he's changing his name and going to a diff country https://tenor.com/view/badboy-alert-nod-gif-12143254 ew https://tenor.com/view/big-time-rush-yes-thumbs-up-gif-3532244 true he treated Josh horribly too Jumbalaya https://tenor.com/view/drake-and-josh-gif-4690073 yes not until we were older did we understand yea, even had her own show with Ariana Grande once https://tenor.com/view/liar-truther-drake-drake-and-josh-josh-gif-5690338 iconic line CRAZY STEVE was just Spencer in disguise https://tenor.com/view/drake-and-josh-wheres-the-door-go-get-the-power-saw-no-door-josh-peck-gif-15804757 I've heard Selena live, it wasn't great it's bad her songs are bops, her singing not so Selena Gomez reminded me of Rebecca Black when I was younger kids stuff https://tenor.com/view/iloveyou-seeyainchemistry-drake-and-josh-gif-5690336 Josh and Mindy who could forget the intro of Hannah Montana ALONE was a bop ^^ I'd watch it https://tenor.com/view/hugday-drakeandjosh-gif-4954531 Josh was so big back then in the beginning then he shaved alot of weight https://tenor.com/view/drake-and-josh-table-tennis-funny-gif-12695759 Drake and Josh playing ping pong was everything I loved Taylor's earlier songs yes Back To December Ariana has the voice but not the lyrics while Taylor is the opposite yes invite us morning morni hello nice when I'm very sleep deprived I didn't sleep at all last night. My blind cat started meowing so loud for no reason she woke up the entire house at 3am YASS goddamn ur Mom sounds bonkers my parents sometimes are like that everytime I stay up late lol mood they think cuz I live in their house I don't get rights to privacy every night when I'm still up I get paranoid as well. xD REEEEE I got my set so they can't access my browser without a password I'm 21 I play on my phone u ain't alone no contest I do not want to see BaBu2 or OH3 when I tune in to this server morning homeboys and girls godspeed I'm abt to do the same morning whatchu doin Kyo? "Homosexual Sister Rusty" oh I am lol nice welcome snek oooh I never used GMeet, we use Ms. Teams https://tenor.com/view/scheming-evil-plan-evil-patrick-star-gif-5437636 for me it's 28 mind blown https://tenor.com/view/knowledge-tai-lopez-lamborghini-gif-19251888 CUZ KNOWLEDGE https://tenor.com/view/knowledge-is-power-wisdom-information-education-power-gif-15839142 my brain hurts from all this influx of knowledge yes this ain't Spiederman mood I feel bad REEE https://tenor.com/view/monkie-kid-lego-monkie-kid-lmk-mk-mk-monkie-kid-gif-20932557 lol who knows, the internet could've been inspired from HIS quotes like those ransom notes u see where ppl use magazine cutouts lol I'm watching the Utube and playing vidya games sleep good luck Kyo I think my internal clock is whack. It's telling me it's 3pm but the actual clock on my PC says 1pm true I've been there, when my cat passed due to asthma my parents initially didn't want another cat because no one could replace her BUT in the end they caved and now we have 2 new cats, one of them even has the same fur pattern CUTE pupper in a literal club? ohh just hearing abt it, I can feel pain morning for me or Firework? oof thats no bueno oooh thats amazin I refer to them as Eastern Asian if my knowledge is right (which isn't alot tbf) then I suppose so ooh Pew Pew fr hmm lmao I'll handle sports xD wearing a full green bodysuit and mask nice *Now to sports. tonight we should be experiencing an influx of new VN players, particularly of a VN Otome game Lovestruck made by Voltage USA which so far has been received way better than PB's Choice*" idk if that counts as sports xD boi where were u U WERE SUPPOSED to do the weather and when we don't he here xD Lifebuoy I used to use Head and shoulders yes they do, it's confusing cuz usually I don't care abt smell as much my sister beign the boujie person she is uses Tresemme or however u spell it xD Ponds Age Miracle xD shuush, I still wanna look young boi I'm 21 I just found smth out, apparantly I'm wearing my sisters pants rn they fitted pretty well on me so I just assumed they were mine I think they meant the Choices characters phone thing ur doing rn Viv OHHHH well I was confused cuz the only thing happening rn is Viv's little project not much to do in quarantine Morning gals and girls my whole body wreaks of pain I've been cycling everyday for every week now to lose some fat and escape from house. Now my body is aching cuz I cycle 2 hours a day non-stop I use one of those roadbikes that have the weird looking handle bars that angle down and have skinny tires true. at the cost of a mean wakeup call mood trust me with how it is rn, cycling might as well be motorcycles but with more danger even tho I don't cycle in the open road, I had my fair share of near misses and accidents\ ooh to the footabll thing I'm assuming it's Rugby yes\ or broken bones? hot dog care? I just found out my sister loaned MY car to her friend without even asking me abt it needless to say me and my Mom are livid lol she'll never agree to it she'd rather argue with us to her dying breath than pay up she's hella stubborn lol gn bruh what? stay strogn Vivi https://tenor.com/view/pingu-noot-nootnoot-no-maby-gif-6123519 NOOT NOOT I can hear the Noot Noot https://tenor.com/view/pingu-noot-intensifies-penguin-gif-12659856 oop no I did not same it was just a bunch of clay penguins noot noot https://tenor.com/view/noot-pingu-penguin-horn-gif-16091065 owa mornin folks hoping for the best man whats wrong? what time is it for u rn? I only bond with my sister cuz of cats since we were little we kinda hated each other I got 6 cats, soon to be 7 house gonna be filled with fur lol I always wanted a dog with 7 cats in my house rn? nah not getting, it'll be given not sure tbh I know the fur will be some kind of ginger color lmao name my cat after a server member? idek if it's a boi or gal yet lol just like me a perfect match yes I just got the cat. Turns out we don't own it, we're just catsitting it AMEN morning ADULTHOOD REEE FLUFFY breh I have a fluffy cat and he ain't banned yes they do well it also depends on the owners lol I think so yea so long partner https://tenor.com/view/frog-holly-st-clair-butt-bum-dance-gif-15232494 ^Viv can't wait for QB2 tho it'll probs be released after summer and during winter lmao goddamn foot fetish blokes lol oh boy xd weeb I only like dubs on specific animes cuz sometimes the dubs are worse than just subs oop morning nice hello fellow human I remember this from MTFL goddamn Elijah https://tenor.com/view/steve-buscemi-cool-hip-kids-clients-gif-16414405 lol speak f the devil Happy for you Vivi livestream the ceremony morning dudes and dudettes it's an annoying habit I have xD xD FORGS fighting, now I've seen it all I don't have Switch ;-; oop oh yes they do hola look at my cat at #irl-squad STONK mornin folks nice also Miencraft cereal how much is it? ayo whats goin on here. Also morning HEYY REEEE this feels like Kamilah from BB ahh yea but after that she never believed she could be loved oop Happy National Nurses Day Mom @Arzaylea I love gong when I was a wee lad, everytime I go to a temple I always find the gong and smack it oop BEWBS Bongs goddamn right Agung is an Indonesian word tho I don't remember what it means, I DO know that it's used as a name boi I literally said I forgot lol it;s 1:31am for me @azula what Agung means according to Merriam Webster: any of various suspended, bossed, wide-rimmed gongs of Southeast Asia we call those dragon dances "Barong Sai" here man I need sleep, it's late lhjdlahdlada they got some loudass plays I feel bad for the bastards who stood near the cymbals HFAHJDLADJAL RIP HEARING I'm surprised u don't need a hearing aid mood even if I ain't deaf, ppl always have to call my name 3 times cuz I always space out comrade I can, I'd have to bear with it everytime they practice near my house https://tenor.com/view/deaf-argument-sign-language-hands-signing-gif-5517381 yea same I get jumpy alot yea https://tenor.com/view/yelling-yelling-at-cat-housewife-pointing-screaming-gif-15355531 oop I wish I could but my wifi poopoo atm nice cake AYOOO welcome VIV it's ur car sticker AYO welcome morning folks lmao nice submission mood stonks same I need food test yes oh no Lu what happened? maybe get that checked Lu morning Happy Mothers Day @Arzaylea morning I barely slept I blame Silent Hill KGDAKJHADLKAD I watched the movie I watched the version with the English sub yea but that movie also gives me a bad aftertaste tho not cuz of the movie itself my cat passed away cuz we all went to watch that movie and no one was at home to take care of her. She had ||asthma|| morning big fat meanie Viv is neither big or fat but she is meanie ahdksadhksada\ the truth has come out how so? I wonder what that package is FORG shower https://tenor.com/view/pog-frog-frog-pog-frog-dance-gif-20735320 @azula morning folks my nitro expires in 2 days :sadvibe: https://tenor.com/view/thunderbirds-mole-drill-tunnel-gif-16917706 morning folks morning also happy belated birthday to ur mom @rashon24 oopsie I remember walking in a Mandarin class that wasn't for me, I was still new so I didn't know schedules xD oh boy same here :halal: no wait same :blblbl: who would do this why name an airport after a child I won't look at America the same after lmao did she? huh I must not be kept up with news I haven't caught up with new abt Jojo so I just asssumed it was for some dumb shit. But then I read them https://www.webmd.com/sex/pansexuality-what-it-means#:~:text=Bisexuality%20is%20at%20its%20core,genders%20or%20regardless%20of%20gender. @azula morning hola I start my morning by reading Resident Evil mutations lore it's a fun thing to read ngl and interesting\ lol rn I'm reading abt the C-Virus from RE6 moving afternoon AYOOOO nice nice dream jldjadlasda at least u had a dream with Rashon in it details oop that one bitchy gf ayoo I'm Buddhist as well and I also kill insects hasdj,ksahfsafas everyone in my family are Buddhist and we kill insects. Everyone is cool abt it I think it's due to the fact my family isn't too religious so we don't really care fr I'd just smack em FORG https://tenor.com/view/pepe-kek-dancing-gif-13819406 ^^ big Viv energy LU ayoo boi my nitro has finally expired DADDY RASHON GIFTED ME NITRO AGAIN fr I played Sim 3 and 4 currently still play 4 mood true Sims 3 offered more YASS even with my modern hadrware Sims 3 still stutters like a mofo CAS in SIms 4? way better Sims 3? better at everything else except optimization as well cuz I can barely play Sims 3 without stuttering every few seconds on Sims 4 I get no stutter ig Sims 3 doesn't like modern hardware cuz I remember when I still had period appropriate hardware the game ran fine morning morning Sugar Daddy lol slep more REEEEE what were u doin before? watchu doin? oop guys I feel sad I just lost another cat him so do I and thanks thank u, so do I I'm not too sure, his neck was swollen so I'm assuming it's from an insect or smth he was less than 4 months old maybe? but it would be obvious there wasn't any marks 5 more he was too young he would've been 4 months old in 2 weeks AYOOOOOO YASSS MY DOGGO https://tenor.com/view/tesco-gif-13706722 just finished brekkies still need to shower man where was he anyway? boi weee I just woke up, whats habbening? hlfadf I don't think imma join today, just not feelin to deal with the internet issues I told s server I'm in that my all female Sims 4 family I haven't touched in awhile suddenly had 3 babies in the household. One of them said they must've "ordered them online" https://tenor.com/view/sexy-sexy-face-hey-shawty-sup-baby-how-you-doin-gif-13950932 it's destined GL Mother Lu something seems sketch or slowly starting to reject it with those nightmares if it was accpeting it imo it wouldn't be as graphic https://tenor.com/view/games-gif-7531441 same recently my dreams were of my cats bruh mornin folks this boy got a haircut I went from Fabio long haircut to generic short then the VIP options dat do be the case WUMBI u better know it, look at BaBu and OH good question PB know what the majority of the audience like and who they are (most of the time) only book that has multiple races (literally) is BOLAS fax if u don't like Choices then why are u here and why are u still playing it? sorry fr, this ain't funny anymore nice knowing u and ur smrufs yay I've been losing braincells everytime he types lmao maybe same my mind is trying to understand that Gkahfadfaa https://tenor.com/view/cowboy-screaming-big-enough-gif-11112189 SIMP Viv https://tenor.com/view/viv-monster-pog-gif-20302650 found Viv gifs https://tenor.com/view/excited-girl-gif-21035565 @azula sorry, thats all hola howdy hola and goodnight howdy ooooh Henlo hi doin ok. It's already past midnight for me here 12:19am here when I feel sleepy xD mood it's ok Summer heat is a nightmare, where I live it can get as bad as 40 degrees celcius xD I smell burning rubber and plastic everyday it gets hot REEEEE I'm smack in the middle it rains, it has heatwaves I want snow, we don't get those here lol same morning just woke up feeling cranky, decided to play COD early in the morning and already dealing with toxic my teammates say I'm not contributing I BEG to differ yea and my teammates all got 4 they say I ain't contributing AIN'T CONTRIBUTING MY ASS I needed to complete the battlepass got 3 days and 10 ranks off I was abit determined ooof, good luck Kyo I have to tell my head supervisor I'm considering dropping out of college yea, not to mention telling my parents still unemployed and since they are the type that don't believe in mental health, taking a break might be out of the option so ig I'd start job hunting as soon as possible tho with the Rona that might be abit harder @kyo u have any advice on ur end? there are some jobs that only need a highschool diploma with decent pay tho since I lack the work experience that might be an issue as well yea finding them is a diff story yea mornig everytime I think abt college I panicc badly tbh everything, the classes, the environment, the expectations from everyone college wasn't even my thing I wanted I never wanted to join college so immediately I don't like it. It wasn't my choice I never liked school growing up, so college will be the same for me exactly I don't want anything to do with college anymore, an extra year isn't going to help me much. Sure it'll be good for the classes but not for me yea I get that and tbh I don't think I have a plan yet, college has been too taxing I couldn't think of anything else wdym? rn is my holiday break CS not sure, maybe 2 - 3 months? define coping ohh for that I just boot up DOOM Eternal or smth time management u say? ohh I see\ yea I have no sense of that also "take a chill pill" is easier said than done. Whenever I think about college my mind immediately goes into panic mode whenever the college gives us assignments I always try to do that first over the course of my college years I've started growing grey hairs yea it is it is but college just makes me stressed even more which makes more grow I'm still in my 20s and no one ik has gray hair even if they are in college work is work in the end yea, u want to be financially able I might need some professional advice but a therapist might be out of the question since costs etc maybe the college counselors? I wonder if they're equipped for this stuff lol still have 2 or 3 months, I need to push college out of my head for now usually when I need to calm down I go cycling in noon but that has it's own issues, dickhead drivers one of them rammed into me one time from the side plus I feel like my parents are more willing to listen to them rather than me https://tenor.com/view/icecream-vanilla-gif-14664373 I want one klondike doesn't sell here yea same here decent same here morning folks how's everyone? racing on the "Green Hell" in Germany morning I think so mood doing fine still 10am for me every Mom's weapon howdy so recently I got pinged saying that a server head does not support pirating games and has no sympathy for those who do cuz as gamers we should support devs. ig they also mean EA oop oop whats habbenin? ooop can I join? cya Kyo oop it's bittersweet thats how I felt everytime I visited my hellhole of a school to wait for my sister to pick her up oof yea thats a part I wouldn't miss either same, the activities they made u attend. Couldn't stand it WEEEEE, melting the heat alone would give me heatstroke oop Royal? POG ello which one? the Dust one? haven't saw that one yet I got a big loaf of heavy bread on my lap and it's crushing my thighs it's a hairy loaf of bread that weighs 6.5kg someone say shronk? oop what movie? the only movie I remember watching with the group was 50 Shades of Grey aka the Audi commercial oooh Saw morning folks also congrats for ur sister @azula oop call the nurse lmfao I think I experienced smth like that, it hurtss when u swallow anything right? even ur own salive? ahh sore tonsils are the prime suspect imo blue oof abt to go get my vacc Sinovac one issue, I hate needles needles are my one trauma wack the adrenaline must've made u immune to the pain that is a thing tho I wonder what the sideeffects will ber u still feel pain when u get injected with a needle tho lmao gotta go fast, but they gotta be slow so they don't hit smth important maybe https://tenor.com/view/fallez-its-big-brain-time-big-brain-gif-15713076 mood I got fats on my skin but regardless I'm still not a fan yea ig thats true maybe what makes it feel forever is the psychological effect it has on me my fear of needles might make it seem like forever lmao I don't cry, I just feel uncomfortable cuz I remember when I was 8, I had to get my tooth surgically removed and they stuck a bigass needle in my gums probs painkillers ever since I was traumatized by needles ahh I see iirc it was a wisdom tooth that grew above my already present tooth I'm back from vaccination side effects include increased hunger still gotta get another next month enjoy ur workout istg why are campers a thing I've been playing COD for 5 matches and the same camper keep showing up, abusing a tough to get spot and sniping us from spawn whenever we try and kill him the other enemy teammates kill us when we're distracted either way we lose he kills us or everyone else does hopefully so, he's been the bane of my sanity I filed a ticket to get that spot patched but we'll see so how's the workout? well I don't feel any different other than being very hungry tho that was one of the side effects my left thumb feels abit numb tho also another side effect was some mild nausea ooh also remember that bump on my leg? whenever I graze the bump with smth it horts *hurts it's a tiny bump but still feel it lol I'm trying oooh among us is free on Epic Game Store it's just the base game it's ok the nurse has spoken mood, procrastination take care Mum Lu I am annoyed, I literally encountered a whole squad of campers when I told them they were camping they said nope, then I see they're hunkered down in spawn with their sniper rifles tf? what kind of stupidity is that? can't dance inside? then outside big balloon morning
it's morning and I'm alerady angry not really, I haven't watched I think I've seen the dumbest Tweet abt video game female protagonists ever look at #multimedia-shabang living the broke life on summer vacay mornin howdy hola hell ye, that server icon tho does it hjave to be assembled? hmmmm oof yea I could've sworn I see 2 Avas or are my eyes deceiving me ooooh AHHH Eiko does Zoey count as well? cuz she did have an ex-gf u got one? use gloves? or one of those exercise armband? these whats the alternative? use concealing bodypaint? "just" proud of ya @BigHutchHO AYOOOO, when? now? sure morning good luck Kyo oooh light theme blinding https://tenor.com/view/i-carly-flash-surprise-shocked-shock-gif-15055349 Jdalkjs;adf yes? knowing kyo, now lol I would but it's 2am way off by 2 hours just finished reading new LOA chapter lemme tell u, u will get abit anggy this chapter BUT u get to see everyone in casuals minus Gabe Aislinn looks good it was 5am when u texted. To answer probably the default setting oooh why u no ping me BOOOO it';s 11:30pm again, BOOOO booo tf is this again, wtf is this gatekeeping it's absurd sigh booo so @kyo whats the occasion? oooh what game? MC? fancy go get em fae https://tenor.com/view/sam-samsung-gif-21788441 internet do be the internet, tho imagine what it would be like if we had her as an AI in our phones Samsung stocks immeditaely stonks https://tenor.com/view/samsung-sam-samsung-virtual-assistant-galaxy-samsung-galaxy-gif-21797236 the face is very offputting that pointy chin esp no clue look at #multimedia-shabang for those who want the full shabang abt her she isn't even an official Samsung product hoooo boy, that privacy was invaded pribacy got yoinked big ooop https://tenor.com/view/baby-run-return-freak-out-scared-gif-17474865 above 60 stil good JALDjALSJAL dammit daniela Daniela reminds me of HSS:CA deets\ https://tenor.com/view/caught-in-4k-caught-in4k-chungus-gif-19840038 lmao ye :oo: :wow: it;s knowledge we didn't know lol yes man what did u download? delete buenos dias pendejos whats everyone up to? eww https://tenor.com/view/dance-cry-cute-kids-dancing-asian-kid-gif-11781804 is it this one? sorry just woke up lmao it;s midnight man it was a weekend now is Monday Rashon knows how to defuse I'm hungry for pizza now rn? I think Drew is off rn sure, dk how stable my internet is tho ayooo new server icon I think it's like a group thing, I've never really used it but I would assume it's like who ur Sim would likely socialize with more HMMMM not much fellow whore u @azula ? mood I'm hungry as well sure leaning towards Chinese food, we have so much spicy food here in Indonesia I'm surprised kidneys aren't broken yet in the masses nope yes there are a few exceptions\ Nasi Goreng is amazing yes but here we have alot of spicy variants of food it's bonkers hmm, for Indonesia food? I recommend *Nasi Ayam*, *Nasi Kari* and *Pempek* xD okie dokie no we didn't? I forgot JSJSJSJS I did, watched it in the movies @azula I forgot man hell yea https://tenor.com/view/smiling-raya-raya-and-the-last-dragon-happy-glad-gif-20528604 it's pretty good Cruella was an option in the theatres I was in but my sister wanted Conjuring instead it was interesting morning folks still bad, why? ohh gimme like a few minutes what? oooh I'm ready folks I got shit to say, I got into a minor accideent I'll update later I fell off by bike, it looks bad visually nothing broke but I got some wounds on my face @azula and everywhere else yea it hurts and looks like my bruises might become permanent even after healing esp the ones on my face where the grunt of it was hit I did the necessary disinfection it's mostly surface level, nothing internal it's not all bad worst thing is probs the slight concussion when I fell very I got it steril to the best I can mrning thanks It's alright Considering the state their in rn, unlikely I took some meds to help mitigate Nop Ard my time maybe? Who knows Am? Hi hola I just found out Shrek is in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry for being an "Animated narrative feature" hi there not much I heard Jennifer Hudson morning happy bday!! morning morning folks yea I feel that it's worse than book 1's cover hetero scale went up to 100 looks more like Poppy lol yes https://www.epicgames.com/store/en-US/p/discord--discord-nitro it's 3 months as well ayoo, is any of it spicy? lol tbh I don't mind it no ig not I just noticed my name is still upside down ayooo alot of people really say that? morning hows everyone? AYOOO BRYCE Kyra? as in Kyra Santiago from OH what would he post? He's always busy yes not Nitro Classic BOOSTA how much later? thats a no bueno from me sorry nop, not yet it's a 3 month sub July and August will be free wildin mornign wdym? ohh I say is Bicons it was implied he had a fling with Dracula whats next week? the one beside Lily is Bianca in her bridesmaid outfit trans I can only think of Andy and Aisha as well yea ahh yea there just aren't alot of em yea what abt Slater then? he can be romanced by both male and female AME MC? ahh I see and Wrenn this went from Pride icons to shittalking Poppy man this is just confusing, Poppy isn't in the Pride Icons cuz her sexuality isn't clearly stated, not cuz of "le simps". Done and dusted hey, Zadie is a babe at first I thought she was an LI she looks so good Platinum nice owo lmao Zadie Choi, the one we let get away ;-; why The Horse? OHHHHHH shit now I can't unsee it https://tenor.com/view/lesbians-lesbian-lesbianpride-pride-kiss-gif-21664373 idk why this was in TENOR "wild" how? is it like BINGO? what does that emote mean? yes goddamn Viv rn playing Cyberpunk 2077 (again) and Goro sayin smth I can sorta relate to: "There are no clean hands, whats important is how you dirty them" when I think flannel, somehow I think of Rachel Amber from LiS nope this should be interesting JSJSJSJS sounds like a Viv thing to do EVEN BETTTER where? lmao was busy playing Cyberpunk I didn't get notif ah well nope u didn't oop https://tenor.com/view/aladdin-disney-toon-disney-jasmine-princess-gif-8200904 PREACH of all the things u see, it's her lash length? https://tenor.com/view/whatever-fake-eyelashes-meh-idc-gif-17391562 fr? damn JSJSJSJS how dare she https://tenor.com/view/embalmedkid-tiktok-goth-nun-black-lips-gif-18162800 just ur normal higschool, some small racism and classism here and there oop no wait nvm I was wrong, that was during my old primary school. My highschool had alot more Asians morning yes Mum vroom vroom just toook a shower, now I gotta disinfect my wounds thats good to hear Lu AYOOOO\ Oop morning hola Viv AYOOO a fellow Asian gm morning LUU LUUUU mornin mornin boo, Bots broke I can vaguely see the resemblance oop sounds boring af the lecture I mean\ I zone out boring stuff no one knows my real name, Ray is just an alias HMMMM :STNCDsus: https://tenor.com/view/skipper-madagascar-penguins-of-madagascar-you-didnt-see-anything-gif-15715770 lol Zuck sucks the blanker the better hence why my FB acct uses fake credentials I'm osrry to hear that Lu pls ignore my typos, I'm so sleepy aatm yayy kasdkadkada https://tenor.com/view/hungry-so-hungry-starving-gif-13029999 ^^Lu https://tenor.com/view/full-circle-olanrogers-youtube-gif-4749604 morning mornin welcome there are moer but just not as big or well known xD morning oh my goodnight AYOOOO we got a boost me to some degree lol yes to some degree I finally finished the last chapter yea gimme Aislinn back AYOOO they are also she rocks the look pretty well COINICIDENCE? or fate oop lol TNA2 live defok mornin I'm hungry aww man. Come one Mom lol ayooo time to make space LMFAO I remember tho I forgot what it was abt sure xd morning loved that show, didn't love the ending gotta love kustard there's only one Dad and thats Scott Lee he;s a dad? ayoo what? well I haven;t been caught up awww Is it weird to be so angry to the point you can't sleep? yayy thats what I'm feeling rn just reading all these abt Dads, reminding me abt Fathers day etc then rashon being a dad (somehow) idk, guess all that started getting me angry my relationship with my Dad isn't the greatest we;ve been disagreeing and started arguing more and more than anything he won't support me if I branch out from what he wants out of me. So ig seeing ppl be happy abt it made me abit upset most ppl would just see that as petty and just say carry on yea they do typing it out I can sorta see the pettiness aww yea never say never hopefully tbh I can be open minded but most cases I can't the smart part is debatable hopefully umm thats me yea I can't sleep anymore so probs not isn;t that homeschool? *cries in online college experience* unfortunately online school literally casued 10% class to drop I'll be fine, I hope I can't really step away from Discord, I got more drama to deal with in another server it does yea tbh I tried but failed thats the thing, the line of knowing my limits is fading more and more cycling my dad had a phase like that too but then moved to bicycles mood my dad golfed before, even had a golf set. https://tenor.com/view/cyclist-biking-gif-5696691 this is my Dad yayy adorable lol just get a new one altogether I got too many cars to own a dog they have that Pack bond oh boy are we still talking abt dads or what rn? by tenfolds white dog fancy nah, I got a cat instead of a dog fancy I never get the chance to name my pets, my sister always names them beforehand can lassie even lift? AYOOO where's the money Lebowski https://tenor.com/view/biglebowski-baby-christening-money-shithead-gif-7673451 illiterate, I didn't start talking till I was 9 what? oh man adorable oop hooo man i've been on Discord for ages and I didn't vhevk the clock. 2am and still can;t sleep I may be unable to sleep but I'm not that desperate xD coool I still never understiif how it works I got dark brown eyes I think Asian eyes engaged can't put volume on, everyone else is sleeping :Eyes: I'm going to bed, I keep remembering it's Fathers Day and the petty feelings I had earlier are coming back ye, night if I wake up in an angry mood tmrw apologies in advance or today since it's monday already man my Discord is blowing up on my phone well I'm awake again, might as well stay up never waxed b4 me pls ignore the fact I wore makeup lol https://tenor.com/view/spirit-fingers-sparky-polastri-bring-it-on-gif-5983698 https://tenor.com/view/eremin-us-eremin-armin-eren-lu-ara-tqm-lu-gif-21561977 yes took me awhile but I found it https://tenor.com/view/viv-moment-mother-gothel-tangled-stinky-jail-gif-20463819 https://tenor.com/view/strong-tough-beefy-mighty-manly-gif-16262481 I can relate ayo nothinng wrong with small nails https://tenor.com/view/enstars-nagisa-ran-gif-19816841 man He had a DIY haircut when u type and u cann hear ur nails click, it's oddly satisfying I grew my nails out just to try that lmao https://tenor.com/view/nails-long-typing-gif-10716423 ahh https://tenor.com/view/saweetie-long-nails-nails-red-solo-cups-finger-nails-gif-18675113 this is just too much I'll probs try and sleep again too how do u mute server? lol foounf it imma go now, again if I wake up in an angry mood I'm sorry howdy, I'm angry it was mostly due to last nights late night chatting but yea so do I as much as I hate being angry this early, I also like it? at least I know why I'm so angry this early it's fine and thanks. Ppl don't like to talk abt the negatives so usually a more positive topic change is common https://tenor.com/view/cow-wig-gif-19175049 I have, when I was 12 my most recent cavity was last year HI confusion I'm dummy I remember mine, the hole was so bad it drilled a hole into my gums. Had to get the rotten tendons removed then filled damm, Viv Cavity makes hole, dentist drills holes to fix holes no? I remember when they had to remove my wisdom tooth that grew on my top gum, alot of stabbing, poking and needles pasta? as in the noodle? ohhhh dammit why is it called pasta not paste? ohh I see aayooo how u can still smile is beyond me looking good dimple game STRONG HDJJADSAD I never had braces this ain't Alabama " It is believed that cheek dimple genes occur on the 16th chromosome, whereas cleft chin genes occur on the 5th.[13] However, the University of Utah considers dimples an "irregular" dominant trait that is probably controlled mostly by one gene but is influenced by other genes" chubby cheeks best cheeks imo hOOOO boy https://tenor.com/view/cat-spin-record-cute-gif-16753412 gorgeous Mom looking fab ngl hell yea ooh, those are annoyin unrelated to everything here but earlier in da morning my house got invaded by roaches literally sitting down for brekkies and like 5 roaches came out of nowhere in total there were 10 of those fuckers idk how and where AYOOO, the pain we literally had to kill em. Me, the family members and all 6 of my cats ahh yea, I have one as well on my right lower jaw after the roaches were ded we checked every nook and cranny of the house, each armed with sandals in hand mice are cute, RATS are another thing ooof all that work just to have a rodent infestattion fokin hell coyote? tf? no? Indonesia doesn't have em https://tenor.com/view/stretching-wolf-train-paws-gif-5717848 soup is the only way that or porridge I have, think rice but abit more liquid https://tenor.com/view/bubur-empress-porridge-gif-11000052 mood, I never liked it too so I just went for soup the laughing gas shouldn't be too bad it hurts I'm going to bed now before this place goes active and I stay awake till 3am like last time morning yep u got this Mum HImbo Jax JSJSJSJS oh well there goes my Nitro I can't claim it says cuz I already had a sub I can't claim the free one yayyy I'm in panic mode atm danke So this is stupid idk why I'm typing this but here goes. ||I was minding my own business then my Dad comes in and tells me "how's college"? I just froze and panicked internally so I just mumbled "it's fine" then he left. Once he left I immediately started having a mild panic attack|| nope, I'm still officially a student unfortunately if I want to officially dropout I'd have to go thru the hassle of going to HR and all that jazz and ofc, with Asian parents they will not like it an investment for my future they said (which is understandable) but they neglect to see the toll it's taking they say the ends justify the means senior year idk and idc nope cuz they are askin us to do a thesis and practical work (idkhow u translate it to English) CS (Computer Science), never liked it u swapped? in the US probably since to pass u need to pass a written exam aka finals from what I understand well I've been thinking of dropping out for quite awhile now but never got to executing it cuz of my fear of disownment what did u need to graduate? was it a written exam or smth? what're the exams like? lucky, I wish our system used exams as graduation we gotta write a thesis, they treating bechelors degrees like master degrees here we gotta do thesis, a project for a legit company, attend seminars, gather credit etc etc I'd rather take a written exam than all this, at least the exams u can BS ur way to an answer lol nope, all majors require the same things and if I switch, I gotta start all over again from Freshman year yikes some jobs here only require a highschool degree and pay as much as a job that does require a college degree, only issue is finding one that doesn't require alot of work experience (which I have none) I don't remember the whole list but: Driver, Barista, Officeboy, Security (tho this requires an additional certification from the army). just depends on the who and where ig also not significant but race as well @azula Chinese, Indonesian etc some look at that as well (not all but a very small few) depends on the job given, some pay just as much, some pay more and some pay less I've heard dental assistants need additional certification ofc not they are in the US ard 20k a year iirc AHSKAHDA yea u gotta suck up to them but u get to travel depends on the airline probably lmao yea u gotta tell em to put mask on and they won't noice iirc they do but could be wrong nope thats the thing, idk what I like lmao the cost would probably outweigh the gains you'd probably have to be good with ppl oooh sounds intriguing I could get a boring office job but tbh I'd die of boredom 5 minutes in hoo boy law sounds daunting Tree Law best law ayoo I can relate, I hated CS but mostly got As cuz it's the LAW we don't have gap year programs here aka gap year college here doesn't even have em nop then what happens when u take a year off? how much do u pay? lucky, we gotta PAY to take breaks u heard me take a semester off, pay half of the fees of 1 semester. take a year off, pay the equivalent of 1 semester then u probs considered a dropout ig that or the college will ask u if u plan to continue tell me abt it man only thing we get is the break, we still get hounded to do our thesis and whatnot even on the break yep ofc not it covers other majors as well it's a universal university I'm experiencing it and I'm still at shock college system here paywalls literally everything, even breaks basically yea I need to try and get some sleep hopefuly I can manage gn morning folsk yayy, no classes JSJSJS some ppl like to doordash https://tenor.com/view/chicken-beer-drunk-chicken-with-hands-gif-4830122 ayooo, link pls what is it bb? morning ayooo welcome library is quiet so sleep is almost inevitable how so? BRUH that one snitch ayoooo yes I remember one snitch during highschool, he got bullied because of them we had to retake a whole exam cuz they werebitching abt ppl cheating etc even tho he was doing it themself oop RIP snitch, 2021 - 2021 good luck Kyo only Wilhelm would use sparkles lol whats the job? what Ina? AJDLKAJDLAHDAD ayooo u having mi goreng? fuck yea. They are amazing mood, same here spoicee now I want mi goreng I wonder if I have any left borf borf hell yes I buy 10 packs of them everytime we do our monthly shopping now I need it trust me, 10 packs of those run out faster than you expect Windows 10 causes havoc on my performance, I can only hope 11 isn't as bad that would take years just to find the impostorxD mornin gn Lu tmrw I get vaccine numba 2 Sinovac oof welcome hi Vivi same here, gimme it fasta VIP ughh VIP I haven't renewed mine since 2020 only thing I spent was VIP for a month morning ths bitch here just got vaccine numba 2 AYOOOO OKAY u were saying? HMMMMMM tbh not alot back then my crush was on Taylor Swift when she was in her country phase ok...damn she's hot only 2 entries in and I'm simping I can def see that shiiii yes hola morning, I woke up to chaos who in the world weras socks in the shower wet socks are worse than torture day 1 of post-vaccine why? I am fine IT'S ARCHAIC I don't even wear socks in the house, let alone shower lol wdym? we go barefoot regardless of temeperatrue true no u good question fuck why ppl wear them in the shower is my guess, next thing u know they'll wear em in the tub I don't have a bathtub man, too broke don't have that either plus our bathrooms are small af to even have space for a tub 4 my feet hang from my bed cuz of how tall I am oop lmfao they'd break I'm calling the cribs fragile dammit, not again oop inddeeed sounds like fun I've slept in a King sized bed before, it was so comfy mine is a single sized bed I couldn't cuz my room isn't big enough lol xd who wouldn't 5'4"? lmao 4'8" lmao ADNJKANJDALDAM cool kids https://tenor.com/view/cats-duck-mean-kick-gif-14721930 https://tenor.com/view/duck-dancing-gif-5118207 5'7"? I'm 6'2" how toll are u? gnarly I can spare 2 inches lmao I stopped growing when I was 17 ayyeee TIPALOSKI I gotta do the same but with breakfast not me bruh he must be balling bruh, how dare he I could use that xd, my keyboard is near broke and the mouse too cuz my middle mouse button doesn't work mini? my hands could barely fit ohh man what I'd kill for those exactly but since those were basically in the trash FORG used to got bored ig went to season 2 but stopped lol I did enjoy it but my interests were slowly moved ik what seaason is it now? oop just had my AC cleaned holy shit it's now very cold very I'm freezing now fresh indeed indeed it feels like the polar icecaps now I have no classes Vivi idk I finally wore a hoodie that when I got it was abit small on me, now I wear it and it fits tho abit oversized I have lost le fats hola Vivi HALJALDJADA rip witnessing morning ayoo be cool kids or be mistaken for edgy morning oop ayooo nice server pic morning my whole body has healed yea I can finally move hand bad thing is I might have permanent scars lmao fr another bad thing would be I'd be so far behind everyome I'm grinding for COD atm in a bit, still need to shower and all too brb omw it's still up? amazin morning pendejos https://tenor.com/view/eminem-8m-ile-gif-3705423 AYOOO welcome another SEA member? AYOOO oop ur username... is that Indonesian for me? morning I live my wifi has been dead for half a day now WOOHOOO welcome morning thank you I love urs too BRRRR how can u even tell? morning JKADAKDHKADS HR no need math just brain also Viv u work at HR? Whats it like? lmfao HUman Resources do u have degree Viv? yes she did ohhh I see sounds boring thats fair rip u both are children @Akuna Matata could u take the gif down pls, it might cause some ppl with epilepsy some issues danke oh god u should look it up just ate a frozen burrito I do I got jebaited morning welcome basically yea it's not overwhelming when chaos isn't unleashed I got le dark humor as well it's abit of both worlds HMMMM check lohs they joined last week exactly a week mornin oooh looks so pretty GODDAMIT NOT AGAIN mornin oooh mornin if I'm awake sure iconic morning g ohh boy https://tenor.com/view/patrickpain-patricksomuchpain-patrickfleas-spongebobpain-spongebobsomuchpain-gif-18151897 morning sussy bakas alright mayhaps DAMMIT BAKA el noice fuck DREW pure chaos it's too early for me to be this chaotic 11 am for me yes lmao morning bakas no oop hmm I remember the Sims thing but not |bonding" AYOOOO we call people by first names for the most part sometimes we use last names but thats only if in the workplace or smth it's First then Last some ppl here have names with 3 syllables, sometimes even 4 @azula yes first and last yes I just read this sorry was busy playing Mass Effect I didn't get ping You wanted to ask smth @azula ? lol oog sorry mornin oooh Diego yes freedom! mornin thats a lie, they are diff ppl well ur both chaotic lmao split personalities lmao also Aku cried? ohhhh if it's bweing motherly then it's Lu, Viv could never lmao https://tenor.com/view/kitten-cute-hungry-cat-milk-gif-12786298 :LMFAOdead: yes lol https://tenor.com/view/the-purge-wave-m-ask-god-gif-5636183 I watched all the Purge movies, I don't watch for the story much lol surprised they didn't release another Purge film on the 4th of July like last time Purge halloween outfits are pretty cheap https://tenor.com/view/the-purge-masked-walikng-down-the-street-gif-5636195 forg sweater? nice mornin forg nice sometimes but mostly it's been heatwaves I'm literally melting JSJSJSJSJS well we are a tropical country I went to Bali on vacay once, was just as hot LMFAO well look at us both and make ur decision yea they were since Bali is a tourist country it makes sense hmm well thats debatable the bigger countries have friendly ppl but in some instances thats not the case I've had my fair share of racism here and there yep https://tenor.com/view/ahhhh-its-wednesday-my-dudes-mirror-selfie-gif-5446149 JSJSJSJS iconic JSJSJSJS m!stab @azula well at least the bot is smarter than me lolol mornin can't wait for True Colors Life is Strange: True COlors https://tenor.com/view/life-is-strange-rachel-meow-life-is-strange-before-the-storm-life-is-strange-rachel-gif-21583131 there's the first one, Before the Storm and the 2nd one True Colors will be the 4th, not including the comics released by Titan Comics it was more backstory, especially if u had the farewell DLC https://tenor.com/view/ok-okay-awkward-smile-gif-5307535 same here man she so pretty flannel tru I'd just skip it flex that u got money to travel WELL now I feel like shit Why that context wasn't pronounced earlier? My condolences also HI Mommy Lu https://tenor.com/view/eremin-us-eremin-armin-eren-lu-ara-tqm-lu-gif-21561977 what series? also shiii I think I heard my cat snore it's the blind one she snoring so silently the Mom we all want is Lu ik I am https://tenor.com/view/family-guy-mom-momma-lois-stewie-gif-5415957 I just heard my cat yawn he yawns so damn loud mornin good luck bb good mornin Rashon has beem quiet I don't feel too good, my throat feels dry, my heads spinnin, my breath is hot and abit ragged and I feel nauseous not sure whats wrong with me someone said my anxiety might be one of the factors I'm not entirely sure abt that tbh of getting flus? or sick in general? I don't get sick often ohhh my anxiety hasn't been bad at all until a few days ago it's recently been spiking alot it started developing the moment I entered college I'm in my senior year but I've been comtemplating of dropping out since junior year tho I never got around to it cuz I'm so scared so in fear of dissapointing my parents I just charged on not caring abt the repurcusions, thinking it's for the greater good I'm one year away from graduating, haven't done any of the prerequisites or anything because I'm still unsure if I want to continue talking abt it? wdym? I did talk to my parents during my 3rd semester, they were having none of it. Both of them calling me lazy, useless and blaming my time on my computer as a main problem my dad told me that he'll only support me only if I graduated also I don't have a therapist cuz I can't afford one I don't have any irl friends cuz I don't have any and they're still in college and actually want to graduate so they might be biased how would you know? almost everyday I don't feeel any chest pains (I tihnk) I sweat alot whenever the subject of colleg or my phone blows up with college notifs maybe thats what I got? I feel like vomitting every few minutes or so my breath is burning up my nose so much hot air so ig based on all that, yes I do have attacks but they're usually subtle I go cycling for 2 hours almost everyday tbh I'm not sure at this point on the contrary, it's fokin hot hmm lemme think I don't anything was off could be, my Dad recently caught something as well tho he's been isolated in another room I go0t vaccinated I think I might have a theory, when I go cycling I never put my mask on for 2 hours almos everyday except weekends oh god I'm makin no promises, especially right now when hospitals are abit whack my parents aren't really trustin of em rn either not atm no it was earlier but my head still spinnin and I still feel nauseous I'm not in America nott oo sure I can't sleep Headaches are too much We don't have em It's 2am I doubt any pharmacy is open mornin folks headaches are getting less and less intense but it's still there I took nap wasn't enough only woke up cuz the heatwave began yes I went to doctor Doc gave me meds, injected me and that was it headaches are getting manageable but eveyrythin else? up for debate I hope it isn't anxiety related cuz rn it's on an all time low how so? not really yea :aww: I'm starting to sweat again lol\ it's not cuz of the heat oop shit ye yea there's only one true Forg and thats Viv Viv saying Viv's bday? Happy Bday Vivi pls DO https://tenor.com/view/frog-loop-frog-loop-viynl-frog-viynl-gif-18152140 https://tenor.com/view/goose-peepo-quack-pepe-the-frog-waddling-gif-17946795 mornin such a pretty cake hot Mom lmao not well, been sick oooh I got cat pics ayooo dedication morning peeps mor looks like there'll be another Ghostbusters movie https://tenor.com/view/dance-moves-dancing-singer-groovy-gif-17029825 good luck Vivi you'll need it can't sorry, I'm enjoying the full Sims 4 experience. Someone shared a DLC unlocker which lets me play DLCs without paying 800+ USD for them all yup 859 bucks total on Steam I don't wait for sales, I just pirate. Fuck EA ayooo tf oooh how is it? I always wanted to work in one of those sadly our country doesn't have em woooo no u mornng is it blinding? fr whoever told u to must the very evil rn server still un-chaos usually same crowds make me panic Viv is the agent of chaos yes and sometimes we get debateful if u ain't havin fun then whats the point? https://tenor.com/view/why-so-serious-joker-heath-ledger-the-dark-knight-gif-4350118 hmm? that and an island in Skyrim un Skyrim it's Raven Rock it's from the Dragonborn DLC it's a part of Morrowwind iirc Skyrim is where Bethesda do it great with mods ur experience can be enhanced or broken cuz Skyrim modding is very sensitive Nexus is the best place for em unless u get Creation Club mods but no one does that hi Lu there's a TV show? oh always thought they were onlu movies I'm fonna go slep now mornin yep that and my tongue ice? oh shit my biting doesn't get that bad sorry congrats FORG I want it how it fits the cone without falling off or the icecream can't melt morning hello there Mom it's a movie iirc tbh, I got no clue downloading Genshin for my new phone it has a Snapdragon 720G, RAM is 8GB and has 128GB storage will it be enough? should be https://tenor.com/view/frog-plush-frog-in-car-spinning-the-yetee-gif-21195667 oop I wanna eat mornin howdy howdy mine bugged out for me the moment I booted it up pings that won't go away even tho I already read em I never worn crocs before, how are they? they havin a good time also love the account name hi Mom U got this Lu mornin mornin howdy Kyo howdy mornin u mean Spoilerland? it;s in #ads-and-partners @James Hametson mornin howdy mood I haven't flown in a decade NANI? first 2 hours now 3? shit man if that ain't an incentive to buy VIP idk what is I don't have the game ;-; so they increased it by another 30 minutes wasn't it 2 hours 30 minutes? https://tenor.com/view/its-friday-the13th-jason-stab-gif-11628190 morning folks probs Phoenix howdy howdy mkornin pls ignore typo threats might make ppl leave with what?  well ur in a public chatroom MHMMM no idea chaos https://tenor.com/view/pir%C3%B3mano-meme-jeje-odio-bomberos-gif-15722930 mornin I am too interesting how long does it stay up? lmao ikr? not replaying all over again just for those new CGs when did u replay? only one that was free from my experience was the kissing scene in QB there was only one kiss CG in QB ye but I didn't do that and chose Zoey thats from the revamps TRR1 - 3 got new CGs due to the release of TRF the CGs will be on the fandom anyways, why replay? lol for the month ig morning how's u? oh god that was odd what could've possibly caused someone like him to leave? I don't think some ppl here particularly like him that much imagine him tagging everyone just to say that it wasn't random, he did it in Rei's server as well but there he didn't ping, maybe it got deleted? weird the tag didn't work since it's not a picture Jaz tried to ping everyone saying he was leaving for reasons unknown turns out he's doin it on every Choices server, even in Belvoire Uni server same reason as here on that one he said he was "no longer comfy working on that server" irl stuff and whatnot cysp? wuz that? u know him? is it the one with Hana as the server pic? interesting, must've been controversial also welcome @Deleted User toxic? now THATS catching my attention thats my understanding, could be wrong tho WHomst https://tenor.com/view/cat-screaming-scared-terrified-triggered-gif-18080150 yes sums it up same here Jordan is hot period JSJSJSJS yes he handsome tho I chose Hana over him Liam has a personality? go sleep every update slows down the phone, it's how it was made most of my phones are Androids I had an IPad, lasted for 4 years before my phone outperformed it in everyway living life my cases are always black cuz my phones are usually not released in my country they are meant for overseas lol it feels like a diff phone my phone has that "dual color" tone and the back is made of glass mine is dark blue with a pealescent I think it's purple now we talking abt the actual phone can't u take the case off? ADJAJDLADJAd I can relate, the amount of energy required how old we talkin? My phone is still new cuz it still has the production code and number ok, dats old but still reliable ig emotional value > actual value took me 5 years to let go of my old phone yea man thankfully Android phones still know what jacks and fingerprint IDs are Apple gotta go minimalist AYOOO what? thats stupid I got some 3rd party wireless headphones, still work great tho even after I fell of my bike while wearing them mine costed me 10 bucks or smth the puns https://tenor.com/view/frog-loop-frog-loop-viynl-frog-viynl-gif-18152140 mornin how's y'all for the past week it's been raining non-stop keep waking up at almost 10am same rn it's still raining it very nice to do that yea walk outside without a care of a massive downpour mine doesn't tap cuz my window has a roof above it thats a mood same :))) Sakura Fubuki yes also those ur nails Vivi? JSJSJSJS unpainted nail gang HOOOO hol up, a mole? like how? I got a burn scar on my pinky finger burned it when I was a wee lad mood we were all dumb in our youngen age that they do pretty https://tenor.com/view/cat-nails-please-gif-5262568 mornin hmm where'd u go? morning dude oop also is that Loius from Telltales TWD @faede ? or am I just blind? JDLKAJDLA I was wondering why he looked familiar poor Telltale gone in the wind I picked Violet tho Loius played Piano iirc https://tenor.com/view/violentine-violet-clementine-the-walking-dead-hug-gif-17943776 the evolving art from TWD1 to this same looks good without being too realistic morning y'all hyped for LOA chapter 16? I just want another dirty 30 nope in 3 days afternoon HAPPY BORFDAY mornin https://tenor.com/view/iferg-codm-nice-gif-18216071 https://tenor.com/view/drew-gulak-drew_train-drewtopia-gif-10450303 welcome at least he remembered indeed https://tenor.com/view/twdg-louis-thumbs-up-gif-13804782 which one? same, now they got goddamn Star Wars in TWD like nani? they released a comic series called Skybound X which is full on TWD universe but with aliens also The New Order in the TV series, full on soldiers in white armor AHHH so it IS Skybound X mornin what'd I miss? lol was asleep bruh goddamn u Susan fr it'd be a shame tho, we'd never get Poppy again that announcement will surely gives PB some form of a wakeup call when fans retaliate "a little" this is basically strongarming to get VIP subs oh def they usually push the blame somewhere else it's strongarming VIP purchases cuz ig ppl haven't been buying VIP no but u CAN have a VIP sub and still play a modded game since it's linked to ur acct for once pls true just like they said they're gonna include more POC and LGBT Lis LOA in 3 minutes LOA book finale is live mornin mornin lol I want a mooncake I'm goin Ayna Seth, she deserves better than what she got jlsadjfl Vivi Huang mine is Chang, the usual :LMFAOdead: not that chang Zhang yup lol https://tenor.com/view/chris-evans-chopping-wood-captain-america-avengers-the-avengers-gif-9741636 Fae getting split by Chris Evans :LMFAOdead: who wouldn't wanna be manhandled by Chris Evans just saying? I forgot AJDAJDAL:D. I only know it starts with Zhang AKJDLKAJDLADLA I'm dyin Vivi I think so? my Mandarin has gone to fuck it's been using one since 4th grade Zhang means "open" according to Google I am anything BUT Open oooh yes lmao https://tenor.com/view/viv-moment-the-simpsons-marge-simpson-stink-stinky-gif-19555171 found Viv Tenor sometimes suprise me I'm dying https://tenor.com/view/viv-moment-the-princess-and-the-frog-charlotte-la-bouff-sassy-classy-gif-19891790 https://tenor.com/view/meme-elmo-sesame-street-thanos-endgame-gif-22618758 some do ties? I see no tie xd pity no one else loves Ayna Seth but me and one other person September being da best? hell yea cuz QB2 and Shupwrecked releasing xD mornin so I just stubbed my toe so hard it's bleedin lol tryin to be even more HIP with the trends ig they never show support and love to their own books so WHY tf should we show support and love to their superfan? ADhjALKJDALd makeup 101 folks https://tenor.com/view/on-point-eyeliner-nicolas-cage-movie-actor-gif-4866588 Nic Cage does a better job xD he has no makeup experience yet look at him lol what does that even mean? I saw it and it seemed way too much too I'm sure there are highlights somewhere I'm Rayder mornin hey hey I concur with those 2, u act more maturely than some of the adults here xD look at Zeke 17 and they're like that EzekielT which fake friend? lol rly? lmao mornin afternoon mornin\ the purple raccoon looking one ADLJADA idk their names man, it's been years ADLKJL:ADJ:ADAA GEEE that asrtstyle spicy ramen https://tenor.com/view/delicious-soup-ramen-gif-21620044 same now I'm hungry we don't get them here it's pumpkin ig I haven't had pumpkin ever I think so yea I am lacking in alot of food knowledge and tastes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3uVwxAoUdo indeed still cracks me up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SckcB099zrg mornin I blew up Malaysia no ME Skynet blew up Malaysia exactly ;-; QB2 should be this month also mornin QB2 is the only one I'm waitin for QB2 ;-; gimme my Poppy book 2 with North PB are bad so far I got all my faith on Chelsa and QB2 Pomengranate ohh true oof I slept at 3, woke up at 8 am? shiii could be worse, remember those old weird Japanese commericals? there are alot https://tenor.com/view/long-long-long-long-long-man-gif-18189502 is this the gum one @oge ? xD I searched long long man on TENOR https://tenor.com/view/longlongman-gif-15153155 he looks like Japanese Benicio Del Toro https://tenor.com/view/benicio-del-toro-beni-deltoro-95-sexyboy-gif-12526546 see? this Benicio looks like someone else (not Gum man) https://tenor.com/view/slice-execute-admiral-leader-admiral-general-aladeen-gif-21000868 thats Aladeen he's a movie character he kinda is supposed to look like him he's a parody of Castro in some ways mornin moawning Hoening my cats have the sniffles mornin I got 30 minutes of sleep oooh iconic jingle https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-the-krusty-krab-pizza-is-the-pizza-yeah-for-you-and-me-singing-krusty-krab-pizza-song-gif-21672783 mornin fam mornin it's become the norm mornin lmao oof ur Mom doesn't know any specifics? mornin u ain't alome wdym, rn it's literally raining :forg: AHHHHH true when it gets hot it's HELL here, esp cuz I got long hair same too lazy to clean, let nature do it imagine owning a garage imagine being able to park leeches I remember after a rainy day at the backyard I found leeches on the floor and wall we don't get it here Summer the time of freedom for school/college kids weeee yes where is Daddy Rsshon when u need him? oop P E E hello @azula fellow Poppy simp hell ye ree man all my cats are sick they all got the sniffles yea, they all sneezing and got snot in their noses they are, vets are only opened till 5pm my cat has become blanket burrito a few Kyo is on vacay? DKLAJDL:AJDLA same we are the castaways KADA:KDA: lol unless u fall asleep my first subjects were always English and I'm like "come on I already know this shit" so I prop my book up and just sleep mine couldn't give a damn unless ur competing in the schools name ahh then that makes more sense we get 5 classes a week of English for some ig ree double periods? ayooo shit Mandarin, the bane of my languages for me they aren't overwhelming, just boring I got more knowledge from my TV than the teacher ahh yea for us every mistake deducts 1 point, sometimes 2 same here we usually only get readin, vocab, grammar and sometimes dictation nah, those are reserved for the national tests very, ESPECIALLY if the speaker/audio is shit thats the best case scenario ahhh we get those here too but the crappy kind. Like those boomboxes from the 80s indeed thats literally the exact same one we got the ones who sit in front? lucky bastards since my name has an R I set in the back row during exams the seating is alphabetical, normal classes it's first come first serve the moment u leave ur chair it's free game https://tenor.com/view/doge-dancing-doge-coin-dogecoin-gif-21839300 surprise me yea same here too no wait nvm, after each grade everybody gets switched up so no 2 classes will be the same in class? no but sometimes by sheer luck we can meet the same ppl in class as classmates again def not rigged xD no cap tho, my sister usually rigs the classes so she can sit with ppl she likes and avoids those she doesn't like she was a very picky person in highschool no wonder she never got a bf I'll cheeer to that I actually loved it in highschool, one of the few nerds who always got above a B Chem, Physics, Bio for me I rememer the teach told us to memorize the whole periodic table and I was liek "bish u mad?" here's the weird thing tho, we had 2 version of each, the English version and Indo version. The English versions I always pass but the Indo versions I always fail JADLKAJDLAJDLAL I'M DYING we do cuz we's an "international establishment" apparently in highschool? barely man. Only 1 or 2 in the whole school I don't blame em, why come to this bumfuck country when there's Singapore nearby? we got those in college too AJKLAJDLADA https://tenor.com/view/cat-plans-invasion-military-strategy-gif-5725715 ajladada shit lol sry what are the new releases rn? apart from SW I only know TRF and TNA2 I'm waiting for QB2 *patiently* LOA finished a few weeks ago and a book 2 has been confirmed BACK to highschool what were ur Phys ed lessons like? aka P.E not science Phys.Ed I meant PE as in exercise yea was confused, I was like, ur sports had quantum physics? ohhh I remember for finals we had to do a written exam and a practical one for the practical one I tihnk it was smth called the FitnessGram Pacer test or whatever the fuck it was called lol the written exam was only a small portion of the grade, most came from practical I remeber the PE teacher, told us to run 15km under a time limit, girls were the same but the time limit was longer felt bad for the few dudes who were not physically fit ok so for finals we had to do the FitnessGram Pacer test which was tiring as hell since it was sprinting from point A to B constantly ye after that took a small break then it was back to running 15km under a time limit boys had to finish in 13 minutes, girls 16 the PE teacher is the school's basketball coach so ig he's used to it thats what the finals of seniro year were based on all the tests and scores were by the ministry, not school Indonesia I can still use it tho xD Reddit is banned here tho yea and ofc all the ||porn|| got banned too lmfao that and all the sites too did u know they originally banned TikTok here? idk why they unbanned it I'm not too sure oop the wall\ only in other countires yes mornin fam mornin fam where to test? found it thx I cannot take this seriously JSAJSJAJD too much but we love it https://tenor.com/view/peter-griffin-perhaps-family-guy-thinking-gif-13587558 IHop mornin https://tenor.com/view/walking-sexy-back-big-butt-huge-butt-walking-across-the-street-gif-16559626 AYOOO is Kyo mood u wanna die fam? fair then we'll kill u agian oooh gn\ I do fresh air, how I miss it mornin fam mornin Kyo mornin fam what game? oof MAN istg watch Youtube go after that too Ayana as well King Kang has a better rep mornin fam WEEEEEEE any old ppl? who isn't these days tbh? tf? sounds like me when I was young I gots a new fluff yes, meet Chewbacca 9 overloaded with fluffs JAKDJADA I miss just havin 3 https://tenor.com/view/cat-broken-cat-cat-drinking-cat-licking-cat-air-gif-20661740 this cat is my spirit animal https://tenor.com/view/cat-lady-crazy-cat-lady-feeding-gif-6045282 lol if only Kyo playing Sims 4 for 17 hours I bet I can top that (jk I'd die at 2) morning fam :PinguDab: HMMMM ur a milf? https://tenor.com/view/milf-american-pie-gif-4484782 depends on the school JDADKJA:KDSA I once told my classmate she a milf, she took it in stride https://tenor.com/view/go-go-rae-go-rae-gif-22492427 jaJDADKA: the one and true Milf maybe Viv is summonin her inner Milf when she bought u that mug MILF Mom has the potential to be MILF LMAO https://tenor.com/view/muglife-mug-death-wish-coffee-gif-15513938 imagine getting a MILF mug and ur parents accidentally use it I still use a plastic cup cuz I'm clumsy JDAKD:AAs beer bottle. AT least it can be used as a weapon apple juice.... I want juice TMI brotha WHITE is the way I MEANT CLEAR https://tenor.com/view/piss-boy-looking-for-piss-adam-piss-boy-gif-17325405 gladly ahh Chris Evans oof hell yes lmao ahh AKXHOO GWS Aku PING to alert milf MILF Nurse jALKDALKDJALDD haha when VC party? the weekend? Viv being mad? I can agree, when I get heated I swap top Chinese, Hokkien, Indo and sometimes even some Japanese LMAO I do this everytime I swap from ENglish to Indo u excited for Sept 22nd fam? what're kegels lol I didn't know that but no. Sept 22nd is QB2 release I didn't I even forgot Bulgaria existed ayy fuck u bot lmao @azula https://tenor.com/view/shrug-hot-abs-chris-evans-gif-5521272 JSJSJSJS https://tenor.com/view/chris-evans-morning-gif-19888618 :AromanticKnife: exactly a benefit, crying Pride yayy morning I am wassup? lmao I'll tell ya this much tho, rn it's less choices talk and more politics and LGBT etc over there https://tenor.com/view/linda-morena-pennybee-gif-20086343 https://tenor.com/view/betty-cheers-veronica-riverdale-gif-11714971 I want Mochi now https://tenor.com/view/peach-and-goma-angry-cat-gif-22479609 yes at this point they do not care, at least they get thousands of dollars I BET if u do try those irl you'd either die or be mocked at mornin thats some determination and commitment it's been too long I deleted my Minecraft cuz I thought no one would play anymore oop Big Kids what color? oh god I remember finding a big blackhead on my forehead I had to pop it out man, it was hard and black def cuz we're either stupid or curious unless they're clean freaks anyone uses Totes is lying usually they're a black spec is this Viv's cousin? INCHereSTING I have never seen her before till now Hi likewise waddap Lauren WADDAP LAUREN eughh mornin fam I cut my hair morning AYOOO hell ye it looks depressed muy cat is watching me game oof holy moley morning I didn't sleep same he's been gone for quite awhile been months it's been that long? always thought it was longer whats wrong with blu? mornin fam I slept for 14 hours t'was tbf I slept at 7pm cuz I didn't sleep yesterday LETS GO FELLOW BITCH change ur pfp too hell yes I did X did better than most my phone is charged I have already spoiled myself with all the cool new clothes Qb2 will have szn? ahh WOOOO WOOOO no you'll oversleep Bark Bark Brof @azula 2 MORE HOURS 1 HOUR TO GO 15 minutes https://tenor.com/view/kermit-guitar-banjo-bachata-gif-14968316 Hate, stans. Both will blow it up lmao there are more but yea I agree baexpoppy, somin-yin etc 8 minutes they usin the same ones I literally have the app open waiting I might go Asian MC but maybe stick with white I'M SCREAMING WITH HYPE 1 MINUTE IT'S LIVE @azula yo :poppydealwithit: :poppydealwithit: :poppydealwithit: turn off ads POppy I still have mine when I graduated from highschool morning AYOOOO this is a big mood even tho I have a shower I still use a pail https://tenor.com/view/ultraman-water-bucket-water-bucket-ultraman-taro-gif-19192183 lol my shower doesn't have a heater, it's just cold ayyy hello Doc Smurf good luck at finals I'm sure you'll do great mornin fam hop hop hop oop UMMM Mittens? oooh https://tenor.com/view/yeet-simba-lion-king-cartoon-throw-gif-17710053 this bitch just watched Shang-Chi it was a nice movie, also Asian rep is also nice Akwafina was smth I didn't expect she was, from a valet to badass archer NUUUUU ooof OOP waddap I got whet WOOO ayyyee at least Nike acknowledge ur hotness Lu bein acknowledge is no shocker, she got dem MILF powers *summons Lu's Discord Children* enjoy MILF Lu yo\ rip to those ppl what DOES it mean? lol weee bless lmao docktore Ducktore fun fact, Lu in my language is slang for "you" well tbf it only makes sense if u speak it in my language just say ur Mom told u not to xD https://tenor.com/view/%E8%97%8F%E7%8B%90-tibetan-sand-fox-square-face-animal-stare-gif-16859251 bitches are dying, might as well Lu is a diff nurse, she experienced it You have to listen with ur eyes and ears NUrses like to gossip just like any employee I've been tackled period what?/ https://tenor.com/view/alec-baldwin-alcohol-pour-drink-pouring-alcohol-gif-16944581 lmao this dood must be high dam too much anything related to poop I just say aight imma head out https://tenor.com/view/as-you-can-see-im-fine-radal-sosig-gif-20329621 I could if I tried hard enuf Ur a Mom, is ur job MILF status ahh lol https://tenor.com/view/that-shit-hurted-kid-that-hurts-gif-14457149 what does DNR/DNI mean? ohh damb maybe it was monetary, probs wanted his insurance ohhh maybe the wife couldn't handle it she probably was aware, hence why she did itr mornin hoes morni Mor Mo UwU y'all wanna see my cat Chewbacca? look at #irl-squad 9 Forg forg oof https://tenor.com/view/wicked-dancing-party-applause-clapping-gif-12839893 school don't care I had 3 in a row and I felt like dying we need the nurse summon the milf "I'm constantly sneezing, my nose gets blocked every morning and I've been constantly burping for whole day since yesterday" @Arzaylea depends mornin moening https://tenor.com/view/sasha-banks-tired-moaning-wwe-smack-down-gif-19654110 Mowning Hey! y u dent my car XD FOX my car? https://tenor.com/view/anime-fox-sleeping-gif-12952151 :LMFAOdead: I can't stop laughing https://tenor.com/view/slide-drift-crash-fail-gif-16909243 https://tenor.com/view/shit-buff-out-joe-dirt-shitll-gif-11889029 this is Aku when she dented my car oh no ;-; I always got a B on it, no matter how hard I studied I don't study and I still get A WOOO now pay up for my dented car lmao lmao JSJSJSJJSJSS idgaf = I deny giving Aku food sure thing, Aku still hasn't paid me back for my car dmg we didn't get textbooks, just a whiteboard with text scribbled on it to take notes down they wanted us to do the heavy lifting lmao Ayo = Aku yoinks oatmeal oof thats a mood JSJSJSJSJSJ no wonder it smelled like oranges if only u got it backwards u baka SMH = Salute Metta Horniness yup the one band-aid was a real doozie FOXING lmao basically https://tenor.com/view/sid-seixeiro-tim-and-sid-parking-garage-small-car-gif-15936903 I'm too broke to get a real car, just get a toy one xD QB2 time I haven't played TRF past chapter 1 mornin lol Grew Dregod how dare u. First u put a band-aid on my car that u dented, now u say u haven't watched Spongebob oh ofc lmao thats puttin it lightly KJADLKJAD:AK:DA WEEEEE hell yea mornin I have been hit with a question He asked me "we have arm hair and leg hair. Then why do we call our private parts hair pubic hair and not dick hair?" being locked up has rotted his brain told him to touch grass my cat pissed on my bed again it didn't ht the blanket, it hit the matress had to replace the sheets, flip the matress oof my fluufs have betrayed me again. one of them pissed on the stairs and I slippe indeed I got a feelin it was Chewbacca it's not the worst, tho my ass hurts cuz they drink too much ig? litter box was clean was literally cleaned out a few minutes ago JSJSJJSSJSJ first u ruin my ccar, now u ruin my cats @kylie davis welcome what're u gonna ruin next? JSJSJJSS istg if u ruin Poppy Min-Sinclair that emote is fine oh that one morning bakas ok reagrdless, mornin JSJSJSJSJSJS u gotta ping the milf @Arzaylea SCREEEEE did u try eyedrops or go to the doc? why 5 hours? ahhh she is, she dented my car with oranges no I wish, if we were we'd throw oranges at each other u can blame Aku for that one xD those are a thing? morning fam waddap Foxer JSJSJSJS waitin for lunch had pancakes for lunch we should def get together one day and watch as a server smol I'm 183 I stopped growing during junior high when I was in primary school I was 173 if I stood next to u ppl might think u are a child omg, tol idk the conversion but I'd be 6'0" or 6'1" https://tenor.com/view/ragwalkgi-f-midget-with-a-badge-short-cop-little-cop-slap-gif-13873775 dam, dumpin the milf for a giant milf mornin morning ahh the age of technology ayyyy everytime my parents ask me if I'm gay or not, not cuz they're curious but they can't stand the fact parents do be parents wassup racing ayoo ayyy just tell her "No u" hahah https://tenor.com/view/angry-mad-shoe-shoe-in-the-face-annika-gif-12344841 oh god lucky u I know this feeling. I got so much expectations on my shoulders I'm bascially getting shorter I must be failing cuz it's the other way ard for me we share the same brain that they are the stereotypes are becoming reality https://tenor.com/view/fatality-win-fatality-hvh-gif-13970706 my social skill get compared to my sister alot, cuz she's extroverted and I'm introverted weaksauce ScrEee MOM https://tenor.com/view/im-not-like-a-regular-mom-im-a-cool-mom-mrs-george-mean-girls-mothers-day-mothers-day2021-gif-21470398 haha brain blast a month away online classes? I never pay attention. I just open on my phone and do smth else worthwhile same case here, hell they're tearing apart the front portion of my campus so can't get in anyway I think the profs can't be bothered to go face to face either ig cuz those are public places I got project based tests and we can look up references so I'm good our mid term ones take up 20ish iirc I think all tests are important ngl anyone would be if it's related to tests mornin reee oof F nooo math 2 + 2 is 4 minus 1 thats 3 quick maths lmao tf boomers for me Online classes we use Ms. Teams interestin JSJJSJSJSJS is IG down again? I can't access it lmao I already spend all day here morning https://tenor.com/view/dies-cringe-math-dies-from-math-death-gif-22822700 lmao my day startin out GREAT! I wake up at 4am to cat shit on my blanket yum? mornin Drew saving Forg lmao mornin I fallen my left sepaker has died, I'm forced to hear from a single channel I want surround sound, thats what the speaker is for left speaker won't produce any audio at all it's infuriating it's always like this fi it happens enough for it to become an inconvenience tho usually it's a loose wire, I jiggled the cables abit and now it works sweet surround sound I missed u Did u know Meghan Fox is gonna play in Expendables 4? Naughty. Throw oranges at em then fox their cars JSJSJSJJSJS yess morning MOm pick me up that bad huh HAHAHA shit mornin morning Foxer good luck same awww man lose boosts when nitro subs expire iirc :hawyee: at least we kept hawyee to represent our disappointment :e_minor: finally fae donating for the server when a rich person donates mornin gg's in the chat nice, what're they fighting for? nuts? https://tenor.com/view/battle-chicken-laugh-street-fight-cat-gif-14649724 squirrels and their nuts https://tenor.com/view/ice-age-scratch-nut-acorn-gif-7840824 that tackle tho https://tenor.com/view/surprised-viralhog-girls-attempt-to-help-squirrel-backfires-squirrel-jumps-on-girl-yellow-chair-gif-17688512 https://tenor.com/view/2foot-tackle-tackle-football-gif-21149346 morning morning foxer nop https://tenor.com/view/elias-test-orange-orange-dance-gif-13609786 u better know it xd https://tenor.com/view/frustration-reactions-angry-mad-throw-gif-7768422 istg man Vivi! FIST reeee ooof YESS QB2 in 2 hours wOOO yo yea man, sad have u not foxed enough? my car wasn't enough for u? no it's not shush. I'm tall so I need a big boi how tall r u? lmao oh definitely mornin I woke up to a massive headache sry I fell asleep but it's probs a cold JDF:AKD:LAKD:A I did, I napped from 10am to 3:40pm well cuz of my headaches I didn't really sleep well, I kept waking up all sweaty so I slept a total of 4 hours LMAO INterestiung :poppydealwithit: lmao that teacher ur treat for Dushera? not food but a goddamn math homework LIES mornin +Aku +Aku good luck REEEEE with ur puney hands? +Aku ok, then try and strangle my neck and you are a lady correct? how tall r u? 6'1 how heavy can u lift? https://tenor.com/view/video-call-aku-siti-badriah-nagaswara-telepon-aku-facetime-aku-gif-21136314 HA! I'm 86kg tho idk why I'm so happy abt being fat come try it Mommy no one can steal Lu's milf crown LIVE and? do u have an issue with that? depends, what're u gonna do with em? oh god https://tenor.com/view/protect-sad-cry-gif-5432045 oh god also Aku changed pfp to bot? lmao, more like Akno Akyno sounds better reminds me of Akinator nice now ppl wil be suss INTERESTING I shall definitely not abuse this power mornin shit my left speaker died again now both speakers are ded no it's not broken, it still works just the wiring is loose sometimes maybe but thats a last resort if I move the wires and they still work then there ins't much point to replace yes I'm stingy and now both are fully ded the right one woeks now, the left one is always the trouble a hassle but not costly 2 hours in and left speaker refuses to produce audio ahh welll, guess I'll have to hear audio one sided from now on good thing I have my headphones thats very specific a few seconds ago we got a big boi lightning, so big that our house had a blackout for a second lightning? uncommon all our cats had heart attacks LMFAO that would be me but instead I'd get teleported to another timeline NUUUUUU +Disappointment -Rep U FOX u have no idea how similar QB is to that but thats spoiler territory u bet ur ass I have can u not just do that normally? oh DID u know Akyno is a name of a clothing brand https://akyno.store/ and apparently a baby name https://www.babynamespedia.com/meaning/Akyno "Akyno Name Meaning of from the shining field. Akyno name used for Boy." gonna buy a shirt and wear it with pride morning I woke up crying cuz I watched The Green Mile yesterday and the ending still gets me to cry thx Foxey another bitch was me waking up shivering and aching tho idk why ~~no I didn't get fucked~~ if it was a dream I'd be over there with u foxing ur car a nightmare of maybe past days of stress are affecting my daily shit? and who'll stop me? u and ur puney self? ummm, depends on ur definition of enuf I slept 5 hours today, on average 8 hours if I'm lucky 10-12 hours I can't I'm always on panic mode is it? imo it's to do with college shit ooh good idea @Arzaylea I summon milf I do sleep, just not early enough I've been on panic mode well before 5 hour sleeps on those cases where I do not get enuf sleep, I usually take a nap to make up for it last nap was 7 hours ahh I see well I'll try to get some sleep but idk whats wrong with the bodyaches constantly feels like I have knots diet? I haven't really taken any diets ohhh so hydrate, get enuf sleep and eat right? also possibly a doctors appointment it was related to COVID it was after I got my 2nd vaccine. My Dad suddenly got sick (assuming it was Covid) so he quarantined himself in the room, then one by one each of us got symptoms wooo :mmYea: Foxing ppls cars I don't doubt it Dad outfit ADJKAL:DKA:D evening woooo :e_minor: I checked, still clean maybe ur eyes went small sucks to be u cuz I only have one car u foxed the wrong car I told u ur eyes have gone smaller https://tenor.com/view/ken-jeong-community-too-small-to-read-read-reading-gif-5494204 shit I almost ripped my crotch My foot slipped and I was close to doing a splits before I could stop it I almost ||tore my asshole a new asshole|| what? I tell u u have small eyes I get ||a bigger asshole||? well ig ur extra width had to go somewhere @Akuna Matata I foxed ur house damn u and ur logic https://tenor.com/view/damn-you-gif-8057395 waddap jealous is it orange? oop godspeed LMFAO if they don't use plagiarism detecting systems then yes lmao I'm jealous ayyy mornin waddap Foxer sounds boring just fox ur teacher to pass u xd get an orange shooting gun https://tenor.com/view/chris-pratt-chris-pratt-shower-orange-liquid-gif-5682239 damn I forgot what it's called but u use it to make circles ahh thx I always hated them, esp when someone decides to use it as a weapon i got borger wooo t'was a nice borger lol now I want another borger but I'm broke yes https://tenor.com/view/starkid-gif-5865564 lmao AYYYY :mmYea: I don't know evening Foxer Fox any cars lately? JAKJ:AKDJAD I want to too ooof, poor eyes. Did they get smaller? OOHHH really? then I dare u to do another 24 hr Light Mode challenge I think it;s bad maybe cuz of sensitive eyes nice, now I wanna die looking at it how do u even READ like that? I know that baka it only works if everyone is using Light Mode tho https://tenor.com/view/john-cena-you-cant-see-me-youre-blind-wrestler-gif-14537197 SHHHH Aku feelin fancy well I can see why dew it boooo hw Ayy a Raven is me Good now I can keep flying over ur head to piss u off and shit on u LMAO poor bastard Yea DING DONG, where's my dong awww snorrie how do I know u aren't turning it off and only turning it on just for the picture? also why Priya texting u? ahh my eyes! I see it and my eyes still hurt LMAO another thing u foxed, dammit WHY?! does he WANT to be blinded? breh I feel bad for their retinas https://tenor.com/view/austin-powers-dr-evil-how-gif-19601238 thats true. Thanks I hate it :YellingWoman: https://tenor.com/view/juggernuts-warzone-cod-deeznuts-teabag-gif-19341870 I shall help it swallow no mafs pls no u won't oh will u now? no thx NO U  :AromanticKnife: :poppydealwithit: it does say under so u got lucky gladly, then Lu gonna have a pissy fit to why I threw her child but is she shorter than 5'4 tho I'd probs get a lecture before I'd yeet seriously? then I shall yeet https://tenor.com/view/punt-kick-baby-grandma-gif-8217719 YEET AKSAKJ:AKD:A what do u want? lmao no anything but that, who would I bug all the time? a square + b square = c square https://tenor.com/view/hypotenuse-a2b2-square-geometry-trigonometry-gif-18715277 see? if u wanna get B it's A square / C square iirc A is b square/c square @Akuna Matata yea but I can't be bothered to write the whole thing down when I searched trigo it came up that I haven;t read those notes in years man sincostan are present shit and yes, Pythagorean is a form of trigo https://www.basic-mathematics.com/what-is-trigonometry.html the moment I graduated highschool the knowledge of complex math left my brain mornin mornin ig terminologies matter mornin unfortunately unfortunately jokes on u :mmYea: oh why is that what hapened? REEEEE that shit hurt innit? ayoooo shit ADJA:KDA: I CRY poor Kirby https://tenor.com/view/kirby-fight-nintendo-cute-badass-gif-8343720 not much DON'T u fucking dare ADJKLAJDADJA:DA: I think it's just the Rheya portrait from BB1 I act mostly like an NPC hecc ye Tahnk you Mom what even is that? weed? oooh ooooh, good luck and send pics oop yes HOEEE goddammit damn true lol gg oof JSJSJSJS also morning leave it to Viv to voice her opinions to the general public yoo Fox wassup oof morning morning lemme at em REEEE the basic bitch excuse Happy bday? is it ur bday? morning lol same I thought the DILF was a server member true I'm hoe WEEEE QB2 server icon yikes afternoon u swapped ur color again do I see MC? aww morning what have they done to such food when ur hungry u don't get to be picky BOOO it can be, visually it's sacrilege how much chaos? oh shit interestin concept, I might be able to if I wake up Sounds like Viv's motto ooof also morning I could never see chem lab being remote wait, what major is Kyo? Babey, nice major college + work is never a good mix BOOO Gen Eds thats a good benefit imo. U got this jsjsjsjs bless them oop shit mood I dropped and rn still tryin to find job Cheers thx. Tryin to find smth that doesn't require a college degree isn't hard, the experience requirement is what makes it abit tougher :PinguDab: in more ways than one oop lmao I'm a dropout so my income is gonna be less phd is abit much for some unless u want to have a fancy title everyone in college usually wanna go fast af Dr. Rae. PhD in blah blah blah ooh thats fair fok the pokice be safe also y'all still use textbooks? mood my major just says fuck books, y'all learn on the internet. Read it and weap no wonder I failed oof so is she still in college now? same I have books for 2 reasons. 1. it's important, 2. I can use it to hit things with why would that even be needed granted, I own one but still wasn't much use it was given to me so I used it for school cuz it would be a shame not to HAHA I also have a backpack that can unzip into 2 backpacks real helpful when bringing alot of books home from school for exams no, it's like on big set. It ooks like one bag but a zipper in the middle when u unzip it splits into 2 the small one is at the front tbh I have no idea but I have it with me lol it's an IKEA bag sounds liek a hassle lol tru Jansport backpacks were popular in highschool here too what was so good abt it? yo very weird wooo KJAHDLKAJDA SHEEEt rookie numbers I am day 1286 as a single 5? sheesh JSJSJSJS goddamn u move fast boi socializing what? never heard of it what a comparison hate taxes man he's been in so much beef already surprised he's still going words have been spoken https://tenor.com/view/sheesh-sheeesh-sheeeesh-bro-bruh-gif-22818626 never understood why u needed to touch your pulse point morning Back To The future I still confuse myself cuz I always think it's still yesterday oop cookie morning breh can't u just open both on ur PC/laptop if u have one? ik windows 10 allows to do screen splitting oof I hear Hazel, I think Hazel Nguyen morning same I'm dumb human my wifi is still acting shit so I'm gonna pass sry lol I accidentally cut my pinky it ain't that deep but it is long I grazed the metal hinges on my door while tryin to catch fluffs yea, thankfully it's somewhat dryin up rn TITnus? do u mean tetanus? TITNUS now I'm gonna call it that the fact that U pronounce it like that just means I have to do it https://tenor.com/view/indrick-eso-indrik-indrik-sparkle-bright-gif-22726314 HOME leedleleedlelee NOn-Asian eyes JSJSJS I can't https://tenor.com/view/wink-doge-dog-shiba-inu-adorable-gif-17243860 sounds like the normal Asian eyes to me hecc yea slanted down lucky night night rEEEE JSJSJSJS I ain't a girl JSJSJSJ https://tenor.com/view/cute-jump-fox-artic-fox-gif-10954757 link done determination now we get new pfp was that really so? no slit eyes? aww no Asian rep ;-; morning I wake up to Tagalog profanity, amazing morning foxer JEJEJEJE https://tenor.com/view/smile-creepy-smile-weird-wiping-sweat-gif-16132480 there;s so much wrong in this oof found this on Tumblr another example would the The Last Of Us 2. When it was released and the alleged bribery during the Game Awards where it won 90% of the categories was suss to many when it happened Neil and Abby's VA Laura Bailey got death threats etc after that some didn't like TLOU2, Neil Druckman or Laura Bailey lol I think they were more mad at how it was executed cuz it ||felt lazy when Abby killed Joel|| lmao sounds like every person hating Poppy stans who send death threats behind anons HEY SISTERS also am I the only one who thinks James Charles is "uncancellable"? He's been in so much shit, possibly career ending ones and he's still going true but people to this day are still asking for him to go unfortunately tho I'm still praying he'll get cancelled eventually. He DID have the biggest one back then :bigmood: lol sheesh fuck math :forgheart: Gn forg Sushi https://tenor.com/view/i-like-sushi-sushi-seafood-i-love-sushi-japanese-food-gif-15997573 https://tenor.com/view/jeremy-clarkson-clarkson-top-gear-the-grand-tour-tgt-gif-18037509 can't wait much more only thing holdin me together is QB2 and TRF finally ending also get ready, QB2 chapter 9 is really smth same excited but also scared they'll fuck it up somehow SOOO I heard buzzing then I saw a goddamn cockroach fly by my head @Akuna Matata I died had to get the bug spray and my boomstick awwww I'm jealous YAYYY forg? Frogress Bar U know a VN game is bad when they ||paywall exposing someone trying u rape you|| non-paywall is literally covering for them Scripts lol I enjoyed SOME of the stories but u can't really experience it the most without paying for premiums nope vroom vroom https://tenor.com/view/dog-thanksgiving-costume-cute-pup-gif-23733898 Turkpug awww what a cute cat https://tenor.com/view/happy-turkey-day-friends-happy-thanksgiving-thanksgiving-friendsgiving-gif-15679490 mood https://tenor.com/view/after-thanksgiving-after-dinner-thanksgiving-jokes-black-friday-gif-12811144 mornin fae woo unless they completely isolate them I know but some paranoid ppl will just take the tech away Our country never has sex ed classes in school same hi are u at CSYP? wrong acronym fixed it cuz u look familiar one being Rei who's admin and I think owner lol ohhh I always thought Rei was owner but I do know she's admin I gotchu same and the only things I do there are QB2 and spoil spoilers from scripts what events? I already sent link Kyo oh boy Rei will say anything isn't a fight to keep the peace for some Rei projects uncomfort mood thats fine I just knew today Rei was banned SUSHI https://tenor.com/view/sushi-lol-fish-funny-gif-14039491 what happened oh boy thats understandable its ok same I forgot https://tenor.com/view/you-may-continue-proceed-keep-going-continue-daniel-craig-gif-15562571 :hawyee: oof Arcana, Chapters, Lovestruck, Scripts POGGU poggu is unofficial POG https://tenor.com/view/pog-cat-wow-gif-19623293 one does not simply have fun with assignments depends on the game ig https://tenor.com/view/one-does-not-simply-ydr-gif-22349934 does Skyrim count? this is accurate, I played early Asphalt 8 and was less grindy and P2W than what it is now another one would be EA I grinded my ass off for an Agera R, now u can't get it with coins only premium currency I bought a Spano then grinded for an Agera same grinded and got the P1 which was 2nd best at the time yeppers So I recently got pointed to an anime called Citrus apparently theres also a manga so I might have to read it how far away we talking? cuz I just finished reading chapter 2 Right, noted Citrus is probs among em based on the reaction here so far also I didn't know of the themes till y'all told me. noted I only know it from watching the movie My Mom sucks https://tenor.com/view/sucks-to-suck-cod-sucks-to-suck-sucks-to-suck-cod-zombies-sucks-to-suck-primis-sucks-to-suck-primis-crew-gif-21565550 the milk man https://www.technokids.com/blog/apps/read-aloud-pdf-files/ @ try this experimented? also what board exams? my family doesn't care abt grades, as long as I pass they turn a blind eye https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-squarepants-patrick-star-im-rooting-for-you-cheer-cheering-gif-5104276 BITCH no sheesh, this is why I don't overachieve. More pressure than needed I was the bottom bitch of the family Moms are usually the more supportive thats good u got this Aku for some cases at least my Mom and Dad are almost equally as bad it's fine (I guess). Good Luck tmrw I graduated with the worst score in math, D it was close to E YAYYY I AM IN PAIN. I wash washing my face with facial scrub then I accidentally poked my eye dammit I cna't differentiate east and west is east left or is that west? MAN I'M CONFUSGED alrighyt YA THINK SHHHH, I did learn Geography but I always forget east and west Rainbow Bridge is in Japan purp cries ofc same I see a wild Rashon oop ayoo\ people are always looking for medical staff, I'm sure you'll find a place happy borfday Rashon gets more fans than most here np well worth it after ur months long hiatus Rashon has a legit fanbase rashon sugar daddy of the server I think I woke up on the wrong side of the bed or smth cuz my right shoulder hurts esp when I try and stretch peeing is the feeling of pure bliss @Arzaylea Mom I n eed help the right side of my back hurts and aches, idk whats habbeinin maybe it's cuz I sat down at a weird angle alright thank u Poppy AJDkJADAL Aku prankster sibling rivalry well can't say any of us haven't had sibling rivalries before my sister when she was young basically was very emotionally driven, she assaulted me when I was 10 and she 8 she used a screwdriver fam it's fine. Granted she almost took my eye out but it's fine thats a mood ngl cool points.... @azula OI POppy damn my tummy rumbling so loud even tho I just had dinner is it hunger or is it just hot air? EWW even the Grinch has the decency :shijudge: Good luck HAHAHAHA mornin fam does myself count? why forced? WOOOOO eating butter cookies rn bri'ish mine has always been shit so can't really compare literal meaning of "doctor penmanship" no music mornin thats a mood after any exam ngl oop cheesy? its gonna rain right here test whats the prompt? NOOOOO stop with the puns with curry? oh boy where's the paddle when u need it NUUUUU yum https://tenor.com/view/paddle-paddlespank-spank-spanking-birthday-gif-13178340 don't u dare u Fox https://tenor.com/view/fox-gif-23017609 burh wat Do u lift bro ooof boop morning CRUNCH time wbu Foxer? cool JSJSJS does it involved Foxing? oof doesn't feel nice getting Foxed innit? mornin nice sometimes Santa is creepy now I want I'm hungy tbh same here, it's NOT A PHASE parental beings no smiling, just quint and make a disgusted face underneath  do u mean 2022? ooof more hell HOOO next thing u know idiots will make it mutate more yayy we'll get Elon to lend us his rocket well she abt to get a reality check I have question abt my face. Lately my face (esp my nose region) has been really oily and I'm not sure why idek ONE reason why it does I've used facial wash but prior I didn't use anything and it was still oily I wash it once everyday my diet? what does that have to do with anything? I'm not on a diet ohhh interestin U? I need pics EWWWW I heard Coquito lol AYYY Merry Chrysler I heard my jaw snap when I yawned a burger of all things? Merry crisis idk what u ate that's THAT big haven't in years try a triple then u can hear it snap twice ppl like to brag abt that alot I know but they don't merry Christmas\ doin meh ayyyy https://tenor.com/view/911-what-is-your-emergency-emergency-gif-12382600 good luck mood, 2020 made me play Arcana so it wasn't all bad BUT I also got into an accident in 2021 u had a car accident? what happened if u don't mind me asking did they pay for damages? It was a cycling accident, wheel slipped in a gap in the curb while turning and I lost control and flew off, ||right side of my face scrapped the road and pealed the skin|| nice that was months ago, my face has healed and there isn't any lasting scar tho the emotional damage is still there whenever I cycle Morning I'm on vacay and got drunk I have got sunbrned wooo just started playing WTD Shannon for me nope, only Troy and Shannon concealer XD oof oop @Arzaylea my body temp is 33 degrees C, is that bad? warmth it was one of those temp checkers in the mall only scanned my hand thats procedure here, they don't scan forehead only hand hand itself front yes for the sake of clearing confusion I'll go again I started getting cold after my 3 day vacay, it was always raining and I always got soaked cuz the rain was pouring and I didn't bring protection gone again, it's 34.5 still the same place lol how can it be faulty? ahh I see looks like Unfriended nope, only premiums can do that pretty dumb imo this is why I crack Spotify https://tenor.com/view/banana-grocery-store-knockout-owned-gif-5895172 I can see it also how tol are u @Arzaylea ? JSJSJSJ wait lemme draw a comparsion left is me (6'1"), right is Lu (5'0) @Arzaylea she got big dick energy if ppl saw us side by side ppl might consider u y child hehehehe wholesome boi why is it Filipinx it was a website yes https://www.mrinitialman.com/OddsEnds/Sizes/sizes.html I just started rewatching OG Teen Titans https://tenor.com/view/raven-gif-8538984 Raven ftw REeeee ikr? what u eating Poptart? I am LMAO how do u even delay such a low poly Lego car I just started watching Dynasty reboot, is it worth continuing? Elizabeth Gillies aka Jade West is lead role I got wind of it cuz it suddenly got into my recommended feed from the highlights of Jade West being Jade West I can def laugh dw messy but campy, kinda reminds me of QB to a certain extent tbf Liz Gillies got trained by Sikowitz so she got this also I heard Liz does sing in this show, judging from her songs from Victorious and her own ones, can't wait mhmm I thought Poppy was unhinged, Fallon Carrington is another level hey any excuse to hear her amazing vocals televised? why not it'll be interestin how Liz Gillies handles a lead role https://tenor.com/view/elizabeth-gillies-thank-thanks-ugh-annoyed-gif-17597492 Liz GIllies in general, a Queen nice noted oh hello there dead chat these days it's still common, u can get a fast car with over 400BHP off the dealership https://tenor.com/view/tylormiller-mustang-crowd-crash-crowd-eater-gif-13160580 car delinquents like in RoD always did hmm fair bigger the number, the faster and deadlier the car is https://tenor.com/view/topgear-bottomgear-yasin-covette-corvetteblender-gif-19528323 forgot I'd go for a Model S Hence why I gi for the Plaid fancy banner NUUUU GWS Lu howdy it's ur bday? happy borfday tired and stressed VIV IS PREGGO? I need moar LMAO aww mornin whats habbenin? oop Happy borfday @kyo :shijudge: I didn't take boosters https://tenor.com/view/back-away-gif-8014782 OH NO HELL NO u ain't takin 9 of my cats I AM ARmed oh hell nah hoe now that I think of it, I haven't seen the blind one yet are they raelly that heavy? give some to my sis, Lord knows she needs them oop https://tenor.com/view/booba-gif-19033593 anything with Pepe is usually funny :mmYea: https://tenor.com/view/pepe-deez-nuts-pepe-the-frog-pepe-holding-sign-deez-nuts-gif-deez-nuts-ha-gif-22618462 at least ur prof has a sense of humor hjskldjaldjlafasf what counts as minor LI? oh I thought it meant LIs that don't get the spotlight mood done bruh what is this Sam Pepper? https://tenor.com/view/dynasty-fallon-carrington-sorry-i-dont-mean-gif-12324462 u gotta tick all the race options worked for me just got back no Nitro ;-; :this_is_fine: cartoons >study did it work? well u fucked it up skin care barely https://tenor.com/view/top-gear-james-may-gif-22875671 ANGEL SAVAGE Nitro bro mornin bois how drunk whats 2+2 LMFAO what game howdy folsk it's our socks https://tenor.com/view/soviet-cat-sovicat-soviet-ussr-cat-gif-21826197 Our Comi Cat *plays mod* also Fictif watching MoistCritikal gives me life sleep Happy birfday Mommy @Arzaylea man, the more you know sheesh yea it makes sense I didn't oooh which will u get? good ole Murica man sounds nice here there is some racism, not much but it's there wait what haooened? I tihnk I might be out of the loop here nvm I didn't really know him but RIP Jordo, may you be in everyone's thoughts for years to come what was he like? awww he sounded so sweet REEEEE yes makes u focus I have difficulty paying attention in general WEEEE xin nian kuai le fam Gong Xi Fa Cai. Ang Pao Na Lai? flex I knew howdy this month is the shortest too tired it's the weekday LMAO this is me but with Lunar New Year holiday I only do cuz of the red packets ooooh good luck dew it def JSJSJSJSj \ it sounds great\ it's ok, I barely remembered it existed tbh HSHSHS sorry yea chaos can't go wrong with ES cover I thnk I have an idea who number 3 is does it start with T? him? I hope number 2 is Thomas Mendez DILF\ MUSES 1 could be Liam since there are 3 versions of hm 2 is definitely Bryce cuz Choices LIs are memorable for good or bad 3 for me is Thomas Mendez https://tenor.com/view/james-may-jeremy-clarkson-the-grand-tour-dance-james-may-dance-gif-24646342 DILF too the only DILF other than Drew from Ms. Match Silver Fox was it? AHSHAHALDa AYOOO THOMAS DILF nothin can beat The Silver Fox OH WOE is me being single HSHSHHS at least u have Jax didn't know it was paid for I got 9 cats https://tenor.com/view/frog-loop-frog-loop-viynl-frog-viynl-gif-18152140 someone told me "you don't have a date? u got ||9 pussies|| at home" I died after that EZ moral victory same I never saw myself a person wanting marriage https://tenor.com/view/censured-cat-meme-anime-pussy-gif-23805792 yea welcome how warm u have one? Thomas Mendez ftw DILF DILF DILF we try some better than others no u https://tenor.com/view/james-may-gun-top-gear-gif-23132294 hecc ye FTW ikr? it's hard to find a safe place to like Poppy without being called names and apologists she is very extra and we love it ye tru since Poptart is sorta inspired by Regina initiate operation heartbreak I only watched one movie https://tenor.com/view/harry-potter-snape-approves-alan-rickman-snape-clapping-gif-5343149 is he played by the same person who acts as Kylo Ren? Lol we can't really judge now can we? Poptart has alot of red flags plain vibin but also causin chaos :poppydealwithit: oooh yes https://tenor.com/view/snape-booty-snape-booty-hump-gif-14603768 I found this somehow does this gif get the Mara seal of approva;? https://tenor.com/view/hola-bear-hi-hello-cute-gif-17078115 I think it's a Mara thing https://tenor.com/view/russia-bear-fight-punch-boxing-gif-16044488 oooh TNA, owuld u rather pick Sam or Jordan? your unique taste so do most of us here JSJSJS ahh I c. Which Sam did u go for ahhh dw I get that. That's me whenever I profess my love for Poptart on Tumblr oooh good choice, I went for hispanic fem how long is the fic? 40k words? holy moly https://tenor.com/view/jeremy-clarkson-im-trying-to-work-out-what-i-can-do-about-that-nothing-the-grand-tour-car-cant-do-anything-gif-21805664 from this angle that sorta looks like my face https://tenor.com/view/top-gear-james-may-gif-22875671 mate dw, I have accepted I am ugly more like W I D E https://tenor.com/view/richard-hammond-top-gear-moustache-erect-mustache-gif-21099231 happy borfday @Angelaa Firework math god https://tenor.com/view/what-are-you-challenging-me-scooby-doo-shaggy-matthew-lillard-gif-17770189 U TELL THEM POPTART MATH IS THE UNHOLY SIN aww just play with volume off might as well have "return to sender" stamped on ur ass FOK METH both suc https://tenor.com/view/top-gear-jeremy-clarkson-how-hard-can-it-be-botswana-special-gif-21741438 pizza bagels? idk what those are bu t they sound yummy it's pretty out there mornin gg this batch is intersting 1 maybe is Hana? 3 maybe is Annabelle from D&D? hmm this one is tricky is it Alana or Hazel? it's def not Poppy I'll take this one fr no clue I wouldn't mind, Reagan looks great I never expected 2 to be Jackie my expectations were elsewhere I didn't expect that Jacqueline from Ms. Match Quinn does not strike me as competetive GAHH now I'm confused, the emote order made my brain confused ohh I was expecting the tropical flower to be Marissa from PTR or female Avery Wilshere time to carry shopping bags hi what am I lookin at here thank you. Reagan is gorg\ ofc I had to replace Somi sadly I jst realized where did Aku go? I hope they're ok tmrw is my day off college her, Kyra and Esme Ortega pls I only know Kyra was supposed to be one but got scrapped Aurora, Esme and Harper were popular OH YEA I forgot abt that part abt working out, being a bodyguard, motivational quotes? hello Mom Tatum is always work first I tihnk we all do not me Tatum memes? no way Victoria just calling it out like it is https://tenor.com/view/liz-gillies-cute-beauty-dynasty-cw-gif-23541054 I still need to catch up watching Dynasty get in line hoe boy that sounds painful https://tenor.com/view/clown-moment-viv-viv-clown-moment-ace-attorney-gif-19171887 Viv in a gif that gif lookin more and more accurate yass I want a Viv makeover too dew it PB liked my tweet, this I didn't expect oop fam what is this? The Vegan Teacher? making her dog vegan ayoo gg alexa play tripaloski slav culture in one song morning tired my whole body hurts I slept on a thinass matress cuz my Dad took my bed I didn't finish typing yet everythin does ur ass is a national treasure I don't got anything better, I even stacked 2 mattresses and it was still thin cuz the other room where he was sleeping was taken by my sister my sister cannot fathom that her singing is disturbing the peace whenever we try to tell her she just gets pissed even from outside ppl can hear the chicken screaming she calls singing gatorade? I finally have my bed back https://tenor.com/view/thug-get-you-i-will-kill-you-bitch-get-you-bitch-gif-11618329 :shijudge: oof there's no school for y'all? lucky same I  want holiday I summon Nurse Milf @Arzaylea Ooop ok later then can sort of relate there it just makes u spuirmish like it's abt to pop https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-meme-gif-14864617 https://tenor.com/view/omegalul-lul-lulw-twitch-emote-gif-13523263 yayyy https://tenor.com/view/viv-moment-ino-guilty-gear-stinky-jail-gif-20463838 I just found out that Daniel Bruhl voices German Lightning Mcqueen it's happening https://tenor.com/view/wide-vladimir-putin-russian-walking-gif-17506944 morning I used to plasy waddap they are abit rampant yea I use Sage cuz I am wuss after that I unlock either Reyna or Raze is that Bloom from Winx Club in ur pfp @ ? ayy Asian tho it's been so long I forgot which specific one I only play casual so the lowest lmao thats great interesting pfp there Lauren idk who that is THATS Azula? Binch I didn't know cuz she looks so different ohhh yes oop she lives fir danger no clue, maybe cuz it ain't public release? oh yea I forgot makes no sense Surrender other than blindfolding shows nothing very NSFW who's in charge? @azula I want answers yes, Surrender is now on chapter 4 on public release https://tenor.com/view/kendo-shinai-bonk-doge-horny-gif-20995284 istg that cat always makes me laugh well u posted this in public baka https://tenor.com/view/are-you-sure-about-that-gif-18238502 well one option was missing NUUUU ur in toruble now Viv bonk time https://tenor.com/view/bonk-mega-bonk-bonk-dog-bonkers-bonk-anime-gif-24565990 agree both good looking sprites oop mornin oop https://tenor.com/view/jeremy-clarkson-im-trying-to-work-out-what-i-can-do-about-that-nothing-the-grand-tour-car-cant-do-anything-gif-21805664 I have abit of a moral dilemma Is it wrong to make fun of Chris Chan? HJALKDJLKADLJ SONICHU it's cuz I recently watched all the documentary videos abt Chris and read the wiki abt them IK I have no life if I'm reading on Chris Chan the things they've done just make me both depressed and angry yes I know tbh idek what Chris is supposed to be. Chris says they are a "Lesbian soul trapped in a male body" and a "Lesbian transsexual woman" I just call Chris they just to be safe and the downfall yea Chris literally calls themself "Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu" ever since being in jail lol sorry oooh idk man, could be someone there has an active gaydar oh wow I didn't expect that goddamn oh my. What're ya gonna do now? I fell for that one u mean Princess Swap? is it even released yet? whoever did this ad knew what they were doing have fun if u do sure thing, if u actually know where I am residing cuz Indo is a big place with lots of islands Jakarta is the central hub so makes sense not as far but u ain't wrong Short Dreamcatcher thing? ahh whip out angry cat for maximum effectiveness https://tenor.com/view/tipping-intensifies-gif-8464815 I wish we had snow here I want Mrashmallow to win I just like to call her that, seems fitting also she's my choice LI she can be both I'm used to calling Shannon marshmallow since day 1 Angel I get why I don't understand this trend lol fair my Asian ass doesn't get it Jamaican? damn I didn't wanna assume so I just left it alone no idea how does this work exactly? ohh I see I tried it, my music knowledge is very poor and I only knew the answer cuz Viv Hello Angel OwO CHARGE UR PHONE wrong chanell hoe I don;t have my Mom it's fine Mom jokes are still funny but ye AKDJALKDJLKAD NO Hello man-Viv https://tenor.com/view/h%C3%A2m-frog-toad-frog-l%E1%BA%AFc-wiggle-gif-14557565 If Viv could even ride one poor kid I closed my door before I left to go cycling, I open it an hour later to see it filled with cats WOOOO yes idk why my cat hates me so much to the point she pissed on my curtains JSJSJJSS no, it's night and I have to SLEEP with them on still covered in piss hello Lauren kek oop nope oop depends on how infrequent I clean it's chaos even if it's quiet I blame Vivi morning tired it's Monday oof thats some good news at least Did u know there's a type of frog called a Bird Poop Frog? nice wait my poochie is always happy when I'm ard and when I'm abt to leave he gets all sad yet he always advocates against it Kyo being a rebel thats notes? looks like a bunch of gibberish nuuuu sus did y'all see? Chris Rock got socked by Will Smith in the Oscars it was definitely unexpected yea, he could've handled it with poise sushi let out the noise bomb I see my cats as chaotic teenagers yeah man literally they scream bloody murder just for food I changed me pfp CARS my day of existance is today how hard can it be kek nahh, do the F40 or u can try the Japanese selection of cars Delorean also, where my bday role at? ye Almost everyone in my life forgot abt it only when I told them then they remembred thx kek thx then my parents are included that is cool shit P1 just watch the Grand Tour, they did it good idea oof JADL:kjAL:skL:ADA by the time I'm 30 Blades 2 is released thank you thanks u two I rather get Surrender 2 AJDkAJD;kAJ:DSKAD yayy thanks u 2 @rashon24 cries in pranks man what is that server icon, looks like a sexualized string bean the server banner is chaos thats what famuse who's the leader this can't be good Metta would've just made the icon Carter it's what u expect where Metta at? MILF Land caveWOMAN does ones titties determine power? I'm at CYSP and boy it was hectic https://tenor.com/view/drip-too-hard-fresh-stylish-swag-lil-baby-gif-15366018 https://tenor.com/view/monkey-drip-monkey-with-the-drip-monket-wit-da-drip-yeah-i-got-that-drip-drip-gif-20496543 oi mines bigger, bugger off richer my ass it is https://tenor.com/view/pardon-my-drip-sorry-for-the-sauce-too-much-swag-too-much-style-yung-gravy-gif-14097813 https://tenor.com/view/oh-no-top-gear-jeremy-clarkson-no-one-cares-gif-18925814 https://tenor.com/view/jeremy-clarkson-time-has-come-top-gear-divingsuit-gif-11617928 https://tenor.com/view/top-gear-unplugging-electrics-cars-electric-cars-gif-20752208 kissing pickle rick :viv vivi Vivi Ann https://tenor.com/view/viv-moment-aranea-serket-serket-homestuck-talking-gif-19502613 ALSJALKDJA Shopee those damn Shopee jingles everytime they appear in a Youtube ad are stuck in my head they are so frequent it's absurd https://tenor.com/view/lol-shopee-shopee-dance-gif-15007851 remember this? those always pop up JSJSJSJSJS https://tenor.com/view/viv-moment-scott-pilgrim-lesbian-gif-19978066 how often do u order to the point he knows ur name that ain't good chieef holy crap https://tenor.com/view/top-gear-jeremy-clarkson-how-hard-can-it-be-botswana-special-gif-21741438 nope, only 1 cuz Murica America it's already spring break? ahh mine still is month away lucky thankfully our country's kids don't celebrate Paril Fools April Fools for us is everyday oof baby's crying is like a sonic wave same then I applaud you Ma'am y'all ever fart so hard it becomes bad? a real whopper to the point it sounded squelchy https://tenor.com/view/fart-gas-cutting-the-cheese-blast-fart-blast-gif-14972992 Valorant gamers are an extension of CS:GO players hoo boy thats alot congrats on passing that bad huh? here in Indo it's not bad, we're somewhat respectful I say somewhat u have no idea I stopped playing Val but I used to main Reyna and Sage I kept the healing for myself tho xD priorities shhh my ass keeps dying so I need the heal I naterually suc at anything that isn't CoD after that Reyna was my go to I tried Viper, and failed viv whore huh? come at me how or what happened? what a dic move sushi? what a ninja same Bye bye curvy forg I think it was more ||sexualizing kids than just dancing|| add that to the list of reasons not to like Rei can u send it over too? What did she actually say get Sushi to do it havin red velvert flavored Oreos they don't taste bad Rei? I just finished an English test I didn't study for I never study for English tests cuz I found them easy this test (TOEIC) was the same case I learned English since I was a kid from TV I knew how to spell dyslexia before anyone else in 5th grade Test received https://tenor.com/view/xue-hua-piao-piao-chinese-man-in-the-snow-egg-head-chinese-gif-17275648 the one downsiude of a baby *cry in disappointment* I think so u had kush? https://tenor.com/view/ive-got-strawberry-vanilla-tropical-passion-butters-stotch-south-park-tegridy-farms-ive-got-different-kinds-of-flavor-gif-19488195 sasuage dog its a new IP PB is making to make our own VNs https://www.pixelberrystudios.com/comingsoon maybe FB is down big F do u not get breaks there? lol from ur cousin Viv is cool forg now what So some sad news in da morning. Dobby has passed he was still so young, we were gonna bring him today idk if ur saying I didn't give him medical attention but thats the vibe I'm getting we only found him a few days ago he was taken care of the best we could've but since he was still young we didn't have alot of options yes he will Reagan for me aww, really wanted Reagan to win UT must not have much fanfare here to the 5 ppl who voted for SR (me included), next time we shall prevail haven't read CH yet so I can't really compare hopefuly the cover will look good whats it abt Cookies are always good they know ther clinetele they got big brain lmao jokes aside they do look yummy pocoyo morning newer Dora got older so maybe I went cycling and I saw a while Pompadour walking by with no owner GTA 5 ragdoll moment https://tenor.com/view/flying-ragdoll-police-fail-hurt-gif-16557095 holy crap downstairs is a warzone I hear shit getting smashed usually the school plays a bigger part but they are both equally important (Not an American but this is my experience here) they both contribute the school is the first thing they see ahh thats true now. A fresh graduate from a prestigious college might have a smaller chance of getting hired compared to someone who has alot of experience but graduated from, say a community college that Indo? MAHAL KITA in Indo means "we're expensive" very since there are those who do college first and not work to focus on that I do my legs burn they gave a test? sheesh Happy Nurse Day Lu @Arzaylea our resident milf nurse I have a question, would y'all rather listen to Amy Schumer's comedy or watch Filthy Frank? https://tenor.com/view/regular-show-my-mom-shirt-swing-trash-talk-bye-gif-5037821 sorry I couldn't help myself it was too perfect not to Rashon getting all the milfs I need to redownload it but when it's done sure (if I learn how to play gud) I have actually, just for fun with a few other ppl I'm more of a CoD person and since Val is like Counter Strike it's abit hard better than nothing what server u play in mood IDN (my country) and since ur RIOT acct is tied to ur region u need to make a new one for each region pog tbh I forgot my RIOT acct says IDN lemme download first yes it will lol leave me alone, my internet poo boo urself gonna continue the download tmrw, I need slep I'm free tmrw for the whole day @azula my game finished downloadiun as expected, my CoD skills do not translate I played it already before, it's like CS;GO with powers I'm more of a CoD player so the skills don't really crossover I used to run Viper (regret it tho cuz she ain't good) I played in the early days when there were only under 10 Agents total I used to run Reyna but in the end it matters not cuz gun skills are the downfall for me I'll do it later, it's time for exercise we play later k? lol u did invite me yesterday lol sry I forgot to mention my exercise routine was 2 hours long lemme shower first then we play @azula u good to go again? sure lemme bot up used my last unlock on Raze really? did not expect that I'm 50/50 Indo and Chinese well the Chinese will def look diff but if ur asking abt native Indo and native Pinoy (if thats the correct term) I can see some differences Happy Friday the 13th congrats @red hot silly pepper how ^^ Kyo doin CPR colorzied slapping them to life Viv slaps everyone Viv doin it just cuz isn't it the other way ard? Auntie Viv congrats what scent I smell like the usual Asian scent cute is there any reason u tellin us the intricate details of u shitting Viv, play Valorant when @azula I'm free rn lol what, the Shit Zone? ANWAYS I'm free rn who dat really now dam better than me well it's locked so I'm forced to use Raze till I get Reyna yes? https://tenor.com/view/juno-temple-spanking-spank-spank-me-naughty-gif-17177342 whatchu gonna do as long as the Surrender category is a thing, they do I prefer Reagan over Christian The battle of the Thornes I haven't played CoP, only SR so I'm biased my money? SR if TNA is anything to go by I'd pay for it the wedding is BDSM themed Malorie will be the priest Sloan too ringbearer will be Anderson hello woo https://tenor.com/view/dababy-convertable-gif-20206040 depends on what ur after I have a question, what do y'all think of the movie Scoob for those who watched it? Is it any good? I mean the new one Gen Z's are pretty dumb I was born in 2000, isn't gen Z born in 2010 era? is it a diff VA? what happened I always thought Gen Zs were those who were born in the 2010 era ahh then yes I guess u can say I am Gen Z and dumb I've watched those 2 and the 2 reboots live action movies with Hayley Kiyoko as Velma bruh thats cruel adult jokes littered everywhere ||"I can look at myself naked *proceeds to peek at cleavage*"|| he still looks like Shaggy year later he doesn't look like he's aged much He's Ultra Instinct Shaggy before it was a thing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIIW2AmrijM hell they even have Ultra Instinct Shaggy here what homework u doin I am feeling some pain in my teeth but it's not a cavity. whenever I touch my rearmost tooth it starts hurting is it a case of baby teeth? I brush 3 times a day with mouthwash the tooth at the back feels like it's growing out but stopped if that makes sense what should I do in that case? get it removed? it's been causing me pain for a week now I still have my mouthwash which helps the pain has been come and go I'll do that but tbh not now I have a fear of dentists oof good point I'll need an appoinntment yep how long is the paper? sheesh lol whats wrong with that my cats eat at 5am double standards thats already a red flag tbh, sounds like a dictatorship indeed very nsfw indeed saucy lmao that cat time to play LiS True Colors does it not sync? mine has been fine are u using the latest version/mod? man my neck hurts So y'all believe in karma? it's been so long since we had new ppl what were they Kingsley or Liam dw, alot of basic bitches here Liam is the Prince, Kingsley (Ina or Ian) is the prof lol I chose Poppy in Queen B, TRR I chose Hana Maxwell will be the goofball bff for me gosh she understands holy moley new bff finally finished LiS True Colors in one sitting. HOO what a ride next will be Wavelengths chapter 5 really hit home what did u even get that costed it 120 bucks test oooh pretty Sim. Who's the cat? they can't be that bad, I managed to make my cat once My Discord on PC won't boot ;-; It freezes before just crashing Alright finally the shit worked had to delete my caache I used to I tuned out after season 2 or 3 I can't remember really? all this time they had wifi? lol watch them go pale oop god I hope they play along do u only speak English in that school? ahh I see Top Gun Maverick? I looked in a mirror and checked my teeth, my tooth near my wisdom tooth it chipped indeed I am how was it? why did u smoke at all? oooh yea I don't think those 2 are a good combo midnight snacking becomes thanksgiving dinner sheesh, talk abt zero tolerance late attendance use a human battering ram is that the biggest kill count? or ya know, lockpick the door sheesh mood I don't blame u thats also valid they have yea I've seen some NSFW servers get taken down for it so it's possible whats stopping us from lying? I'm 22 was born in 2000 https://tenor.com/view/taylor-swift-22-happy-birthday-age-gif-3914142 yea Metta is a different species Metta is our creator god yes and yes https://tenor.com/view/amdi-dog-corgi-what-huh-gif-15722621 ^^Metta dummy thicc https://tenor.com/view/corgi-doggo-dog-wiggle-cute-gif-17528384 this is Metta's initial form https://tenor.com/view/corgi-fly-dog-gif-19309467 this is his final form that Corgi is Metta ascended when he finally gets Carter Jackson haha here's smth for u I thought fae was in their mid 20s kek almost everyone at some point is referred as baby see? tho Sushi is a baby by default so doesn't count ahh https://tenor.com/view/traffic-fbi-open-up-raid-gif-13450966 or pedos ayo once again Vivi doin gods work who's next Reagan Thorne? https://tenor.com/view/what-the-wtf-was-that-what-the-fae-was-that-gif-18748421 welcome to the 20s gang I seem em at 19 morning glasses, contacts are a pain ooooh have fun https://tenor.com/view/evan-peters-oops-stop-gif-13782922 Viv ur famus thats why lemon juice for me mine sometimes gives me filtered honey mixed with warm water oof yeesh fuck AJDLKJADA u ain't dying what does that mean is 9 good or bad lemme join I have pew pew wooo GG https://tenor.com/view/frog-hat-gif-24889203 https://tenor.com/view/frog-frogs-adorable-animals-cute-gif-23044494 I graduated at 18 I keep feeling the toothaches of now In da mornin, I woke up at 3am what happened? WHAT I MISS ok thats no bueno well we down a Choices leaker kjahdkjad pls don't I have seen the shit go down, linfan might be bad but RTS is a serial stalker she's filipino soo ur a forg u haven't seen what her profile looked like before jsjsjs viv goin ultra pinoy yeesh artsy folks thats an accurate description Just finished dentist trip milfs always pretty ooooh Kyo bout to be Bill Nye the Science Guy agree tbh I thought that too then I remember seeing my friend literally teaching our computer science class in college ooooh https://tenor.com/view/bill-nye-party-horn-confetti-sarcastic-like-child-gif-5499505 they judge from the outside first now Viv will stuff all frogs in her house yes what I got mine is moist for all the wrong reasons it's just oily no matter what I try it's always like that apparently https://tenor.com/view/my-disappointment-is-immeasurable-and-gif-20080022 thats fair, kids these days don't really play em too I can't tell who it is, the icon is too small https://tenor.com/view/ken-jeong-community-too-small-to-read-read-reading-gif-5494204 nani is Viv in charge of this? @azula are u in chanrge of icons? bonk they are? last time I saw them they were speaking to the public my ass remembers Big Time Rush why not go to another Asian country u could always bunk I got a spare bed how mentally ill are we talking here so she's u but worse? go to Indonesia, I THINK it's cheaper than those 2 WHOLSEOM where do I submit question Happy Father's Day to Thomas Mendez man ur bro is a dic TP his car rest well Kyo Queen hello\ morning howdy Carter oop probably a side effect lmao no only got 1 Forg lives JSJSJS what for? fair enough, u don't need to tell if u don't feel comfy yes TNA3, Princess Swap, Immortal Desire I think those 3 u forgot UT @azula bonk Untameable OI Neon huh? gonna miss Azula she def looks cute Shipwrecked non-genderlocked? hold up I thought it was ahh ok. I haven't really played it yet either always thought it was I watched Minions: Rise of Gru yesterday and my brain couldn't make sense of it yup popular with the kids ig cuz they can\ I need opinions, is it wrong to eat veggies religiously? eww broccoli my parents telling me I'm not eating enough apparently so they want me to be vegan cuz I eat more meat than veggies plate thing? I want, I'm melting over here this actually Rei? ahh tbh I can see Rei being like that and since she's now the sole admin in that server it's harder to speak ur mind originally there were 2, mazie left usually only if Rei decides to have a bad take or someone else does Everyday my sister gives me more reasons to not like her oop. We here if u need anythin Forg DTF @azula why u playing Valorant for a day straight? she is but not to this extent Viv ur game is still on lol ye\ Viv maybe playing herself to death holy @azula why are u still up so I just finished my mock up test for certification
passing is 70%, I got 69% 1% off REEE I almost choked drinking it I don't know why ppl like Taro Thai sure but not Taro same I remember I didn't like it As an Indonesian myself, I don't get the joke lmao We don't say "kanjut" I call ppl anjing too or babi But never kanjut No? I never heard anyone use it I knew it sounded odd for Indonesian Just finished watching Thor God and Thunder I cried the 3rd time watching a Marvel movie is it that nsfw story u spoke of? oop how's the single and dtf life? thats goood to hear at least Rae as in this server's Rae? man I didn't know u two lived close so how? ohhh I went to Legoland in Malaysia once, I took the ice cream well I haven't been to any other but it was nice, about what you'd expect. They even have a Lego Hotel I was deadass tempted to sleep there for the night ooh Lego Hotel was expensive ;-; but I know someone who did stay there they say the whole room is built with Lego styling I wouldn't be shocked if they were actually Legos jsjsjjs May god bless your soul I could never have kimchi, my tummy would be angry at me my spice tolerance is near non-existant I prefer it gimme roasted cabbage Ramsay and yes I remember that too. Served it on a roof tile it was? shit I need to rewatch yes I have never seen his face but u are not ugly Kyo PB think age lets them get away with everything these days this enough adults in highschool books in PB's hamster wheel brain highschool + supernatural = money unless they got held back I graduated at 18 JSJSJS is it the fwb? he's doing that and texting? what a baller thats a bonus They make mlm but not wlw good luck Forg. Railed to now a civil convo https://tenor.com/view/frog-hat-gif-24889203 oop two worlds collide ITS A SIGN more fwb with more B ofc JSJSJSJSS valorant moment how was he in valorant? jealous Doc Dreamy HAHAHA Viv logic 20s 30s? idk man more or less jsjsjsjs VIV just FWB u tryin to make us not like him? well Jax is dead soo u could do Bryce, he's a surgeon too DILF nonsense JSJSJSJS since when has Viv not taken anything literally is it the same story u told me yesterday? HHHHHH I am tempted pirate oop JKASJDKALKJD man Viv, u down bad yea oh Viv hello just got my certification results this bitch got an A hmmm text and dip Mykill https://tenor.com/view/henri-gif-24005518 for Ethan? fae sayin it like it is To do Ethan mhmm She down bad dew it Viv went to Cali? go to Malaysia for Legoland join the club https://tenor.com/view/roller-coaster-under-the-sea-we-spongebob-patrick-gif-15996460 whats six flags? oooh I never went to amusement parks as a kid or any age tbh we never really have those here https://tenor.com/view/rollercoaster-ride-toy-plush-bear-gif-17350241 hoo boy sounds fun yet disorienting is it nauseating lol I see I see LMFAO VIV ayy u need a tall person to act as the parent I'm 6'2 haha I basically have to look down to talk to u both accurate representation of kids and parents where am I going again? I'll be the parent of Viv and Fae's 5'2 and 5'3 asses https://tenor.com/view/we-are-break-up-besties-besties-bff-best-friends-break-up-gif-16012743 as in massechustes? cool, now I need a couple of grand to get there kek Deja VU https://tenor.com/view/d%C3%A9j%C3%A0vu-drift-anime-initial-d-car-gif-17211916 I see u got that Joji too Filthy Frank "STFU" I name this: Single Dumpsters it'll be ok Viv I know, I/we did too we don goofed bad didn't we https://tenor.com/view/dog-lawn-mower-gif-21159202 still too young I don't plan to date till I hit my 30s tbh life is a bitch yea, I think I know how dat feels. My parents tryna push hoes in my face to marry https://tenor.com/view/love-gif-24590409 understandable HDKAHAJLKAJDLAJD Spotify is a dic damn, spotify really hittin the wound gawd I sorta get it love is weird fae with words of wisdom sheesh how do u do it? I still can't esp when I have a gamer moment https://tenor.com/view/rip-rage-mad-friend-keyboard-gif-17131133 what if it's in a gamer moment like playing Valorant ohh, damn ye oh yea u can't miss em think of ur 20s as another building block of adulthood. By ur 30s it's all gonna make more sense my wifi gone to the shitter, I find out my Mom using Netflix at 1080p. She says "netflix doesn't use wifi and it's your fault cuz u game" little does she know my gaming uses less of the internet than her netflix oof I get it, I do that too kill em I need pics need specifics hmm them? ? man idk, ur description is broad any luck? him? wait, a permenent smirk? I had ONE good picture him? @azula jkajd;aksa VIV Viv big hoe energy don't u see him now? u sure it's a chef? lapels? hmmm tbh this is tuff him? @azula has a blue lapel and everything goddammit ur description isn't helpin, it's vague side character, antagonist idk anymore what's his ethnicity I give up, there's too many choices characters who fit that criteria it's ok there's probbaly hundreds who fit that description we have no pic of his face and u don't really remember anything GODDAMIT VIV I was led to a wild goose chase she said blue lapels but that was very common\ if Ethan looks like Vince, my only response to that is: eww no offense but I don't like him yep thats true and just an overall dick surgical falvor gonna fix Viv's jaw apparently nothing but he wants to "fix" it using his tools that I can't confirm but according to Viv he stitches ppls wounds etc idk ask Viv imo he gonna fix it with his big tool MHMM Oral he's goona work on viv's jaw using his big array of tools painful u didn't remind him? he would've worked on ur jaw more ways than one kek go there and let him work on it, tell him Viv sent u YES Viv needs men advice @Metta she got too attached she's FALLING HARD as we predicted YES U ARE u, my friend have grown feelings adjlkajflasdfa comparing pp sizes 101 true. If he wasn't he wouldnt ask 24/7 during fucking well... WELL triple? Jesus u are cute calling u cute is a reflex tbh cuz u are ly2 and ur starting to fail u broke em all except 2 hmmm hmmm damn Lu Mama wisdom cunt-y Viv, anyone can like Valo and you'd like em VIV WE HAVE CHILDREN HERE same, it was amusing it was smth alright a big pp isn't everything Viv what happened howdyf whats PLL NUUU bb sushi misses Rae already :shijudge: sounds like my poochie whenever Dad goes away snip snip goes the hair nasty what I miss whasts this abt Viv wanting dog makeshuft wax job massive Viv vibes "My Internet is slow af"
ME: Hold my beer I'm jealous gimme ur internet usually upload is slower mine is on only my PC ISP I hate my nose, I wanna sneeze, my face is all scrunched up and nose itches then it all goes poof I feel cheated from a good sneeze u sure Ethan didn't knock u? I failed biology leab me alone yes https://tenor.com/view/that-time-of-the-month-period-angry-girlfriend-she-mad-digibyte-gif-19836055 Viv ^^ I can't take that gif seriously asdfsajflkasf https://tenor.com/view/clown-moment-viv-viv-clown-moment-ace-attorney-gif-19171887 my sister here "singing" in the shower like she doesn't know windows are open and the bathroom in near the neighbors house short announcement, I lost my cat (as in he died) thanks for comin to my TedX talk Thank you We called him Garfield cuz he looked like him minus the lasagna cravings leavin us hangin like that damn https://tenor.com/view/thurston-waffles-meow-scream-glowing-eyes-cat-gif-15740056 https://tenor.com/view/possum-girl-yell-shout-scared-gif-17113929 paws become claws HAPPY BirfDAY @azula celebrate with Ethan wontcha u have Ethan REEE u kinda did the same for him thp which one is it? MANNNN that brings me back pretty normal esp in the villages away from the cities Life giving me the middle finger rn It is a blisterin 32 degrees and THE POWER'S OUT ooo Shecago https://tenor.com/view/chicago-bears-chi-chitown-gif-13362135 low to medium, why everyday something always surprises me ughh man sometimes my country is retarded whats wrong with Steam well how are the rest of those who DON'T supposed to buy games now no kidding my Minister def needs to explain yup welp now I can't buy my shit man it ain't just those cigarettes, blood and gore are all either put in a b/w filter or mosaiced cuz they are just that no I don't watch Indonesian TV, fuck that this is pain yes but free vpn is garbo Stack Overflow, Trello, Gmail, Github/Lab Programmers are crying sad we lostr alot of shit here in Indo in one day yup fae out here getting ppl to watch the boys I haven't really watched it and tbh I don't have plans to oh god now Fae's gonna come for me I bought tomato flavored popcorn, idk what to expect oof get the batteries replaced when u can't reach phone when waking up gib context\ not that Viv needs contexts for a flaming ewww MAN I CAN'T this is too hilarious, this is literally the EA defense when they try to defend lootboxes as "not gambling" ur tellin me, u can tell he's been bombarded with these types of questions b everyone in the hot seat I heard "online games are bad cuz they don't produce constant money compared to gambling sites" but could be wrng according to the reporter the gambling sites are even registered makes 0 sense now says they didn't pass Steam etc cuz "they don't cost money to access/play" Viv man what did I miss @azula u finally goin after the girl? Rae for forg savior :forgconfused: https://tenor.com/view/go-go-rae-go-rae-gif-22492427 tired haven't been playin straight ok? I just leave it on oof ur love life is a roller coaster jskf;djf;s HE as in Ethonk? everyday Viv surprises us lmao the trending I don't even care abt them no more REEE "mostly sunny: my ass https://tenor.com/view/thick-thicker-bowl-oatmeal-point-gif-5457950 univeerse is messin with Kyo I just the date for my comprehension exam I'm abt to get my ass drilled lmao if only well I'm already stressing out so I'll def get drilled for failin kek @azula "But KC didn't complain" google translate KC is probably initials anyone got advice for study crunch? me having final exam in 4 which will determine if I graduate or not I tagged u mate could've used Miss or Madam https://tenor.com/view/dont-call-me-maam-im-not-an-old-lady-lola-skumpy-big-mouth-stop-calling-me-maam-stop-that-gif-19571575 might as well name her M'lady and tip ur fedora ask her? thats what most do day one Ma'am Sushi LMAO Sushi smart af woop LMAO cAR NOISES booo Rae emitting so much UV ppl burn ard her lol she harnessed all the UV and spread it to kyo hmmm why not ask our resident hoe Viv ofc should make a custom rank for Viv hmmm maybe she's silently checkin u out? idk shit may Lord have mercy on your eardrums awww they so cute I need tips on how to not forget stuff when taking oral exams ohh the other language thing might help since I usully memorize better in English than Indo whats that how does that woek? not sure how u can use association with sentences all of my majors subjects so like, 4 years worth of knowledge all the subjects I gotta memorize in the span of 2 days exam is on tuesday what is sleep lol yea I know but with the sheer panic I'm in I don't think a good sleep is gonna happen unless I pass out or get KO'ed I started 2 days ago also "hard" depends on what u mean by it I always panic even if I do study hard cuz when it comes to exams my mind goes brr and the knowledge goes out the window the moment it starts don't look at me, I got the notification last Friday Thanks alot "anyway you're welcome" The person sounds tired lol yes ayy Indo fam ey Indo is fine take it as someone who grew up here although there is a certain level of racism but any country has that ello hello big boob lady dirty 30 moment get foked https://tenor.com/view/radal-babushka-gobi-basketball-gif-25304340 all I did was study I never used vine as a kid WOOO OH all over again lmao Thesis titles are always confusing https://tenor.com/view/potato-intensifies-potato-intensifying-shaking-gif-17494626 oop https://tenor.com/view/taylor-swift-sassy-taylor-swift-reaction-gif-15015149 u have big pp Ethan now https://tenor.com/view/viv-moment-yzma-disney-goth-funny-gif-20351412 Viv hoppin in for some hoe-in Viv abt to get boinked "grmale" what type of male is that we talkin abt the movies or the show? cuz they 2 diff ppl I meant Stitch lmao well since Chris Sanders doesn't play any CoD roles, it's the other one Stitch has 2 seperate VA's ahh so it's Benjamin this dude? he has one role in CoD best guess, him oop I have finally died of true fear I was walking then suddenly a big ass cockroach landed on my back I think my heart stopped for a good 5 seconds SCREEEE fr bruh how angry were u to close it that hard a mission to stub ur toe? idk what that is in feet sheesh Lu shorter than Viv and Lu is 4'11" oof it's a Monday https://tenor.com/view/the-rock-sus-the-rock-meme-the-rock-sus-meme-gif-23972805 oh no wonder when LOA2 will come jjesus so OH is accurate in that part 3 months? jesus ajqbajaba BURN IT Haha Get sucked https://tenor.com/view/cheddar-brooklyn99-brooklyn-nine-nine-cheddar-brooklyn99-cheddar-brooklyn-nine-nine-gif-12653689 Is this a present or a threat of peace lol JESUS WHAT hello Trixie this is Trixie if she was thicker and more adult https://tenor.com/view/surprised-sorprendido-shaquille-oneal-gif-23222312 u got buck teeth? cute so, Viv is preggo with kiddos? birth control overpowered by Ethan who wouldn't https://tenor.com/view/ethan-ethan-moment-gif-20623215 imagine having someone to have a kid to begin with I don't like kids so having a baby for me is a hazard Jesus crazy LMAO https://tenor.com/view/viv-moment-the-simpsons-marge-simpson-stink-stinky-gif-19555171 look at those cheeks umm oop what? have fun https://tenor.com/view/bear-tea-russia-gif-21382491 Spoilerland, where spoilers are born same she hasn't done anything illegal per-se. they were best friends, made sense probably cuz they didn't wanna stir up any of Rei's batshit hidden rules she keeps it's not new Rei apponted another more called MVA (who's very ready to defend Rei's BS) also the same person who defended Heard in that heated discussion there well now they're a mod so they got more power she and Rei are the only ones in the Amber Heard train, everyone else was Depp. When ppl started starboarding pro-Depp she kept deleting the entries then just completely removed Starboard with an excuse of "broken" got it in one oh yea, she done goofed what baby? Rae and Rei are 2 diff ppl what u on abt yes I forgot to debunk us she tried to post a thread but that thread is pro-Heard so biased af she has power and she's fuckin crazy. jesus that sucks gimme the rest raining but it's that hot bonk oop https://tenor.com/view/gaydar-off-the-charts-gif-10763218 @Arzayleawhats the normal blood pressure ppl have at their early 20s?? they look hideous gimme simple blue and white back please I wanna cry man We lost bb Crow thank u CROW I woke up to find out he passed away it hurts man we buried him alongside our other cats writing of a doctor the smarter u are, the more gibberish ur handwriting is why do u think doctors handwritings look so shit Rei finally hit breaking point CSYP getting nuked oof, damn oof are there female door dashers? then ig Lu's luck is bad oof, those damn questions https://tenor.com/view/polar-bear-baby-hug-gif-26055063 lmao whats ur secret thats me and my parents in general Ethan fokin chill fam lol as she should woop UHHHH I'm sure it's nothing major take that test is 1 strip good? noice and not Ethan she's stricken she's down bad oop Sims 4 going F2P in October 18 lol oh shit https://tenor.com/view/avocado-pregnant-seed-touch-belly-gif-16789253 ask Viv, she's in a FWB u and Ethan are FWB aren't u? sadge How Wishing u recovery b Oof Back to being stag Kyo bowls U tagged wrong It's rae not fae Yw Jesus why did they scroll back so far it kinda is. It's based on a city in Skyrim called Raven Rock ayy Forg euww pedo alert ye but I don't use it. Why? my dad uses it alot no, he buys cycling gear yea it's very convenient I thought u had Shopee gimme a sec https://shopee.co.id/product/380910496/16701000035?smtt=0.0.9 @azula https://shopee.co.id/product/380910496/17500999433?smtt=0.0.9 found both types Poppy supremmacy welcome all the new people https://tenor.com/view/minions-friends-new-friends-tenor-gif-25088496 ello adorable based on Poppy Min-Sinclair Queen mine is too nice choices I like Platinum and Poppy Min-Sinclair MOTY as standalone fav I agree\ oooh I need advice, what's the best way to make a pop tart? LMAO U don't sunny side up poptarts Kyo Does it have to be overnight? Would a toaster work? Ahh nuuuu]