Thank you :ame_flirty: My favorite book is ILITW and favorite LI is the Crown Shield from TRM (named mine Flavio lol) I WANNA GET ENGAGED worth it also some scientists say social distancing may last until 2022 so plenty of time to plan the perfect wedding  true but showing love through food comes close pls snipe :mmNo: How do I get the 17+ role? Ok Ty oops I already DMed Altair thank you though! Btw, why is it 17+ and not 18+ just wondering Thank you  Woww Choices is only 12+. I kinda wish it was higher than that apparently 44.3 million people I hate it mainly bcuz I sweat so easily and its embarrassing  Those are fake... I feel bad for her https://twitter.com/ohitscunt/status/1251295364214382592?s=20 yes the account is hers the screenshots are fake How? Im not a stan just curious lol @Deleted User me neither  Oh Beck is Avan Jogia... I didnt know that dang he was hot I wish I didnt realise I was big until a guy told me I dont mind a girl with a little more meat  gained hella weight during quarantine  checked just now and Im 115lb Last week I ate literal pounds of pasta  from trying out new recipes @IceIcebaby_xo Crab fettuccine, 3-ingredient fettuccine Alfredo, penne alla vodka  What does aa stand for in aa ios/aa android/aa modded/aa unmodded? I just hope they come out soon MATT :ame_flirty: I married Chris Winters in HWU... and then turns out hes married with child to Cecile from PM  I have both too lol @CoolCCMystery are you talking about Love Islands Priya which game? my first name is Milque last name Toast you only need 1 boost for level 1 yes nope my server has only one boost and it's lvl 1 She never started it  Havne't slept in 36 hours I tried :LMFAOdead: why why I love sleeping Im craving baked macaroni and cheese I think my crush was checking me out He keeps looking to the side of the screen where the people are but today only me and him were on cam and he kept looking even when the professor left And on days I turn off the camera he doesnt do that  I want a twin borther Is there a channel for serious talk why D:? 15 POUNDS?! That is my goal Lost 5 so far Ugh I wanna eat but Im not even hungry Cuban food waiting for me  Guys does snapchat notify the person how many times you looped their story thx OMG I used to have this glitch that keeps saying I screen recorded over and over again when I didnt and now it happened again at the worst time while I was snapping cute guy :considering: :considering: :considering: School just said next semester will be online too... I am pretty sad now I wanted to go for drinks with friends on my 21st birthday looks like that wont be happening :considering: 21st is even more special than 16th I feel YEARS?!?!?!? @DaHomieDrew when is your birthday? mines July :considering: How old will you be turning? ah I want a boyfriend Im considering going to a random dudes house to cuddle Were you actually a bully? :WTFthonk: Wait the spoiler channel disappeared for me can someone link it plz? thanks! I am literally such a whore. I swap back and forth between two guys depending on which one I feel I am getting sufficient attention from. oh ok phew  I LOGE ROLLER COASTER and amusement park foodlol I want 6flags funnel cake didney land is the best of all wait I need to go to TWWoHP  omgggg lucky which ride ? awh I was scared as HECC in the mummy universal ride so ik how u feel i cant believe im the only one for colt  i like private jet sadly i do not have one omg i got the grilled macaroni cheese sandwich yesterday it was the saddest sandwich i ever had morning hop whats whet i drink to forg et mourning jane marshall ilitw the spl background is the graveyard used in love bites not ilitw btw :crabDance: does anyone have a big pic of the server icon? oh ty all because of chipotle i ate a banana like that once actually more than once excited for surrender even tho i dont have vip lol i wanna see the li ive been wearing contacts since the 2nd grade cuz i hated my glasses lol i have bad astigmatism but my dad said my eyes arent stable enough yet to get lasik so its risky he is an optometrist my eyes keep getting worse and worse bc i stare at screens all day so ig ill never get it  i look soooo ugly with glasses bc the lenses make my eyes smaller what game well you can tell its bad by looking at it lol theres nothing wrong with junk food every now and then hp was banned from my christian private school so i didnt get into it until i was 10 or 11 and the last movies were coming out already yeah and i looked up my old classmates and they all turned out to become degenerates (including myself) so like what was the point lol mine is probably nine inch nails and various classical like every year hey ahmed :bunwave: np! and haha yes im so sorry i mean he kinda stabbed sage with his own sword HAHA YES thats why hes best boi :AH_deer_ball: oof yeah u must be :pats: tfw u join a choices server but immediately start talking about fictif LOL omg i love rod which car did u get same, paint job? oh @pixiether is a rime stan too hehe my family hosted foreign exchange students from china to pay off our house for years umm bad but i think mine was a special case lol. my parents insisted on hosting boys only because girls were ~too much trouble~, but they made messes, smoked, got into physical fights with each other, broke stuff. my big sis dated one of them and there was so much drama. 

then in my last year of hs we hosted girls only and it was the chillest ever. they cooked and cleaned for themselves and were quiet and respectful haha im sure even if you hosted a boy it would be fine, we had like 4-5 at any given time what country are you guys planning to host from? i dont remember a single one shdghfjkh