Omg a friend! Hiiiii 🙂 is this the proper channel to ping staff? thanks, oh just to get the 18+ role. I saw I need to ping to inquire but it did not specify where I should do it Yes hello! thank you for the warm welcome 🙂 That IS a flex my only flex was being a chaotic heaux in my teen years and being awarded the good girl title by almost everyone my friends: there is an imposter among us Science was my best subject for some reason. It came easy to me but I had no idea how to help my friends learn the information cause I didn't know how I understood it GO ... bone #206 the end. my chemistry prof was the biggest bully. I had to take the course to get into my nursing program and I picked the last open slot which was with the worst rated instructor. everything was group assignments and I continually got points docked for what they claimed was me "not actively participating and completing assigned portions" aka they thought I was mooching off my classmates work. the program has a specific requirement of passing the course with a C+ (77) and they failed me with a 76. I'm a Registered Nurse 🙂 yeah, this was before I was accepted into the program 3 years ago. truly, the good ones are saints Aw, thank you for that but I'm just a new grad. I got my feet wet doing what I had to do and hopefully saved some lives and reconnected loved ones. Hi! Welcome 👀 My interest in Chris Evans started with Johnny Storm. Cocky, charming hottie. I was done for. He has not disappointed sense. Look-wise, I mean. Some of his movie and conversation points are arguable lol The superior Chrises :uwu: Prom for me was pregaming at my best friend's house while our dates tried to catch glimpses of us in our lingerie, getting more drunk as we walked our butts to the venue, and then partying in the hotel room our friend rented in that exact place, and then making it home to fire up the grill for munchies hour no rooftop makeouts but in the locked, dark gym/locker room was a good spot unless you wanted to steam up your car lol that's a typical friday night for me LOL they are but more because of the social media attention you get everyone wants to go viral Not always. It is a significant time if you've been in a high school relationship but it's not always the case with everyone truly, my first time was not at prom lmfao. It was less cliche and more reckless than that fat mood couldn't be me it was fun going to the parties and seeing who cheated on who after being all lovey-dovey at school ohmygod, yes. every high school has that one *couple* that isn't a couple but everyone was rooting for it's me. anyone had a student teacher relationship at their high school? cause mine missed that trope. we had a lot of preggo teens but it was from other teens. No Ian Kingsley romances for us there was this one hot english teacher in the room beside mine. but I never tried it cause he was engaged to another english teacher she looked like Cindy from Whoville my parents are 11 years apart so they wouldn't even blink if I went for someone with that age gap or more its so gross, but it was older times, ya know? My dad being a high schooler and my mom being a..... you know. child. LOL. She was 15. Her mom was okay with it cause you know, early marriage and shit. My mom got pregnant at 22 so she made it far tbh her sister (my aunt) got pregnant at 14. so, she was the better of the two tbh it also helps to explain that we are from P.R. and that we don't have middle school. So, literal 10 year olds have the same halls as 18 year olds. it's all mixed together because 10th grade is when you go to the other campus next door. but its all the same courtyard and cut access between buildings Puerto Rico I wear a respirator, goggles, face mask over it, face shield, gown smoc, and disposable gown for 18 hours in the Covid unit with 40 beds. rehab. it's where those recently released come or where they get sent back because they're collapsing Thanks. It starts with all of you mask-wearers doing your part. It's tough work, it's hard work, but when you help your community, it decreases our workload and helps the nation thank you but I'm just one of millions. everyone in the community that does their part are the real hero's I'm doing my job but y'all are doing your part as humans can I just say when I was studying to get my license I would always talk to my friends/family and say how cool it would be to have my place in the frontlines of something huge. I pictured triaging maybe a few car accidents or something and then I got hit with the pandemic careful what you wish for lol poor thing, wish you the best of luck! if your nurses or any health professionals are being less than kind remind them that you're suffering too. the worst is having someone who is tired and frustrated taking it out on you ❤️ Nope. It's so tricky. (also, hey! I'm 23 as well!). Lots of young people our ages are getting it and it affects some of them even worse than someone older. It's maddening how little information we still have on it. It's crazy, but not really, how quiet covid kept in the hospitals before our hands were forced and we had to make the public aware. I'm trying to be the change in these organizations cause corporations are disgusting. Has it been working well for you? I've done those for those who have tension migraines to try and ease up the muscles in the neck and surrounding Ugh, I love that for you! I'm a migraine victim too but it's not always tension related so it's not as helpful for me. but I'll never turn down a free massage lol His name is Jojo. He was adopted from family friends of friends who were abusive to him :(. He's doing so much better but if he misbehaved and I use my stern voice he panicked and submitted very quickly. it would take like 20 minutes for him to even begin to calm down. We've worked hard on it and now hes confident and a rascal. If I catch him biting on my sneakers, he'll just wag his butt and does the "catch me if you can" dance lol. It makes me so happy to see him bold and trusting. he loves showers! if I go in for a bath just to relax, I have to make sure I close the door tightly or he'll wiggle his way in and plop inside with me lol. He's 5 now. starting to be grumpy around kids and likes his quiet so we are good company during school hours. we just had a doggy birthday with his other friends in August. 5 little years. imagine being friends with him?? like any stranger would be calling the police to report some suspicious activity lmao but they're like, its coo; Just Viv being Viv VIV BLINK TWICE IF YOU ARE OKAY at the risk of sounding like those meddling Karen's... but ring? yes or no? maybe? soon? never? HOTTIE May I direct you to my local Spirit Halloween? I'm sure they got a sale or two on those Imagine having a boyfriend which is a cross between Jax and Thomas. Viv wins at life. totes, I am way too involved in this relationship that I just learned about 7 minutes ago. but I am here and I'm ready. it would be a tease to not share one https://tenor.com/view/identical-my-cousin-vinny-gif-10329535 SJSDHHDSJDDFS LOVE THAT a love story!!! my prom date had a crush on me but I friendzoned him hard... being my date was me being kind to him to make up for it 😭 mom's spaghetti? WHY IS EVERYONE IN THIS DAMN CHAT IN A CUTE RELATIONSHIP WHY ARE Y'ALL CUTE IN GENERAL me: potato. hot pocket me: 23 and eating a tub of ice cream whilst watching soaps No, I have Bumble literally soaps is what I call anything that makes me cry LOL Aw, recommend me them and I will! I watch spanish soaps but I like the classics Every match I had was a muscle tee, snapback wearing white man holding a flounder 👀 not me with a non-existent accent listening to beautiful ones plain and boring is what I am hold on, my guinea pigs are squealing in the background I am an idiot and realized my mic isn't working 😦 Me: talking to myself like an idiot CATS movie... as in the one with Taylor Swift? am I reading this correctly? I've never watched it, but my friend did after I warned her against it she said it was just what she pictured it being visuals wise but musically its good lol I'll watch it with the group! I've never heard of this so I am interested OH interesting! I love that story Maybe I sound like a robot and its why I didn't speak yesterday.... 👀 yeah, I went to private middle school which was filled with drama kids. We put on the show and all that. I like it CUTE!! I was never into the acting on stage, but I was Persephone when we did mythology. I was more into the orchestra. I played the violin Kyo.. is that a free template?? https://tenor.com/view/ba-dum-tsss-drum-band-gif-7320811 Good luck Kyo!! Just trust yourself in what you know and it'll go well. Be confident cause that is the key idk about everywhere else but here in MA they are sending them to take driving lessons to rack up hours and then they are eligible for driver's license that's what my niece is doing 😦 oh no. why? which part is it, the driving or just doing it in front of someone? the driving is just a matter of following the rules. as long as the rules of the road are followed you will be fine. as for the examiner.. don't pay them any mind unless they're speaking. they don't really talk or ask questions unless they want to and just rather observe you the stuff. they'll prompt you when its time to do something so don't overthink or stress about the stuff before hand god, I can't tell you how many times I'm driving I slip into autopilot like I just do it automatically and then suddenly I am home not actual autopilot on the car, just muscle memory not to wish it on you, but the more relaxed and experienced, it'll happen its just your brain telling you "this is familiar" and takes over that is why its recommended to always take new roads so it doesn't happen omg stick shift buddies! 😮 lmao yes we do. not many drive it cause of convenience but its what I learned to drive and I love my first car was stick and its still with me today you're still awesome despite it just fawn over me driving it and you're golden, Drew Hey, if it makes you feel better, I started driving early and illegally out of necessity OMG best thing about driving cars is the concert. I be wailing in that ish screw that. you wanna know what proves independence to me? someone who knows how to use public transportation anyone can pop the GPS and drive there not many can actually know the stops and locations lmao who said america had the best we just doing our best baby but its just 1% effort I literally just said lmao. america sucks, we been knew Amen to that preach it to me I know thats right we suck, the end. no more to be said lol wait, as much as I love this convo we need to get Kyo prepared for tomorrow WE NEED CONFIDENCE K Y O Confidence. You have it. Tap into it. Own it it is one exam, that many have taken and passed. even people who do not belong on the road that's how I remind myself, even if it sounds bad like if they can do it, there is no excuse for me BUT DID HE PASS ON THE 12TH IT DOES NOT MATTER passing is passing no one keeps count but you and that one DMV apparently hi, hello. Mom? We are encouraging the heck out of Kyo. please join BOOM. okay, Kyo, you rock. the end. thanks mom/ but why idk who bread is but hello bread I love bread idk em but i love them already imagine flushing your toilet at 10:01:00 and the police break down your front door freeze, police! oof. ugh I would hate to be the person who wakes in the morning to flush all that 👀 bestow the knowledge on us I think it’s a cool idea. I would participate and prob suggest questions if you make a place for it. I also responded because I don’t want Kyo to be bothered pinging I’m the one to the right of Viv asking myself how much she paid for her boobs it’s Viv, come on. She gets what she wants Oh hunny... I am def bigger than you I wish I was that size again. I think my perfect size was C. Perky and handful. when the government thinks that every household members’ money is your money. because I make a certain amount of money means that all of that is just sitting in my savings. As head of household it’s so frustrating having to submit 3 different forms of income verification because if I’m head of household, I must be rich.

Nope. I’m head of household because the other members are disabled. I went to community college as well. best choice I made. affordable and you choose how hard you want to push yourself I did all scholarships and no loans cause I don't want to spend the rest of my life paying off debt. are you not allowed to have one right now Kyo? I had one since I was 15 seriously I was forced to be here against my will now poverty has kept me as its slave it is so hard being the child of parents who did the big move to restart their lives in a place they've never been before (even if it was from P.R.) just because its dangled over your head. they have that 'I came here on my own and worked small jobs to earn money and look at us now' congrats kyo!! What in the world have I come back to God?! have I been a good person? idk have I Drew? The gay has spoken! Oh no. Now Metta is here with more wisdom! King Metta, share us your thoughts You’re supposed to commit crimes but not get caught I taught you better than this GO PLAY Okay but hear me out Bee+Cats live action The world would explode Omg, nice to know someone else who is gifted! but that was beautiful, thanks for sharing! She is 100% watching over you and making sure you know she's okay. I know you're going through a little bit of a rough spot and this is just a reminder you aren't alone It happened more when I was younger since I had sharpened my abilities but to this day, I can still see Yeah that makes sense. I mostly see but I do have intuition Me talking with my friends is saying that knock off episode game lol They won’t know what I’m talking about if I don’t say it that way Funny thing is they have played it and told me it’s good. It’s just their go-to for memory nope, you say visual novels and everyone familiar with episodes say that. And if they don’t know, they’ll say it’s those “||sex|| rpg games we get ads for” ON PURPOSE?? You’re so bold I love that people hate the little sister because she’s not a societal zombie and has her own thoughts and feelings adults bully her for it couldn’t be me what does speak normal mean also switch this over to the choices chat one brain pew pew pew not Drew calling for peace and Max immediately saying war Tranquilidad There’s different mask types that can help with your ear situation. I feel like the face shields will be the cause of receding hairline My friend is getting married in June 2021. She got postponed this year because of rona and they even told her there's a chance it'll happen again. @azula the white kid names on my list are Parker and Annaliese But I’ll say with an accent to make up for it lol That’s a way to use a blowhole You’re an angel. Thanks babe. She’s a fountain of knowledge YOLO omfg Uber bot Drake n Josh was the shizzzz SSHDHSJS YES. my friend told me and then forced me to watch it. It was horrible But also.... intriguing Was it over water or land? Parasail Landing wrong on water is so dangerous. But it’s so much fun. Not the landing wrong but the activity lol Viv... you’re gonna tell me your name or not That’s very Spanish They said that he was accused of harassment and fled Josh is big brain Are you talking about the David Dobrik one? Yup, this feel DD Sinjin and Berth Yeah, the break-in jokes, the sniffing/petting was awk. Correct. I noticed something was off but I was too tired to worry about it https://tenor.com/view/grudge-the-scary-grudge-girl-creepy-scary-gif-15668787 What he saw I love these movies so much I couldn’t stop myself F https://tenor.com/view/christmas-eve-happyholidays-gif-19675465 Aw what a sweet sister. Go get that alpha ^^ purchase VIP and download mod and it works together Sounds fun! Good luck! 👀 Merry Christmas 🙂 Merry Coldmas Aren’t you a gift that keeps on giving 😂 Now that I got the joke out of the way, hope you feel better soon ❤️ Yup, it’s one of the worst. Just try to take little sips every half an hour at least so you don’t get dehydrated I personally can’t drink water, but a sip of ginger ale helps for a bit Why are you eating potatoes?? You’re crazy Do something lighter next time Viv 😭 Nibble on some crackers when you’re feeling up to it. Bland stuff like that Yeah, no. Water sucks. I can’t touch it when I have the stomach bug. Ginger ale only for me That’s a lot of inflammation, no wonder you’re in pain Hi, hello! Christmas was messy but we survived. How was yours? The first episode I’ve watched of MasterChef was on fried chicken. Needless to say I wanted KFC at 2am It’s the bois :aww: I’m here to rescue Drew Hi bby Drew is in a top secret location. you always need rescuing: from me, yourself, the world You name it Did you realize in time?? Yay, happy to hear Kyo! Good luck! Did BB MC say fuck?? I feel like she did. Kyo a little too humble lol Drew, go to sleep. Drew, it could be 3pm and I would still send you to bed. I am masterchef-ing with Voltra but also I have insomnia so I will be up for a few hours DREW. You need to meet our lovely contestant Jason and Dino on the show you'd get along great Drew doesn't want to listen to me. How rude. I thought last time we were on VC it went great I wonder how our friend on Tinder is 👀 omg I love scribblio Kyo, good luck with your interview tomorrow! soon, you’ll be running the one on your street a story for the ages Raising Cane’s? Y’all have those? Thought it was an east coast only ah branching ok have you ate there? I didn’t find it that good but the sauces were I liked the bread lol. Best part of the combo tbh Say it louder for the Latinos in the back That’s.... kinda bold to be asking. If they’re affected, they’re affected. Happy New Year to everyone! If you’re out celebrating with your family or if you’re in the comfort of your quiet home, we made it through this hard year and hopefully the next one brings us joy and great things 💖 You missed the end of the year fireworks BALL DROP BABY Drew, wanna vc tonight 🥺 I’m not doing anything with my family, cancelled on all of them to be at home and soak in the new year alone but friends are welcomed shdhdjsks I love you. GOOD LUCK TODAY! How do you feel? This is a fat mood No mod apk works for iOS. It’s android only. Or if you use an android emulator on the MacBook. the way Kyo ignored me twice :YellingWoman: Are you interested? I can help since I know a good one. *** if you have the device uwu Keys are server blocked. You can’t access, so you need the actual VIP for the free keys and book access I need you to change your name to a purple just a bit lighter to match your avatar background It’ll aesthetically please me I’m trying but I’m dumb I don’t speak bot language lol Do we like the white or should we do black I did black The babe is looking good I think it fits as it is right now Belle I think we’ve been slacking on Drew today :elmofire: What energy do I radiate? :LMFAOdead: Okay but you can be stepped on by muddy, track shoes from a rando or I can step on you with my Balenciaga’s It’s just better. I love Drew. Tell him, uber bot. Uwu Hi, Jordo. I don’t think I’ve met you https://tenor.com/view/your-trash-trash-can-trash-trash-bin-gif-15283224 File it there. My apologies, should’ve noticed the trash goblin sitting outside of it Oh damn, same brain Rae You’re waiting to be ate 😂 a whole meal is what you are Drew I am never wrong. Mhm. Me to your house: you look like every other bish I will drag you out half an hour before midnight. Don’t be late. Wait... I forgot. My midnight is not your midnight :((( So I have to celebrate twice okay but I’ll be basking the glory of 2021 while your basic ass is still there 😛 ask Viv for her to share some phatty Miss Rona is like that ex that just won’t delete your number You gotta throw the whole phone away That was so wholesome. “Ewww” lol Drew I am gonna fight you and not the good kind ^^ facts are facts Drew, this is the part of the anime where you realize your powers from within That is my one anime joke of my life and it happened in 2020. My powers are GERD and insomnia. My weakness: hetero but... but Mara is the energy source I just googled this :jebus: I am currently dying at the Reddit question surrounding this topic I just think that’s hilarious cause I know absolutely nothing about this. They had... dare I say it... penis in the brain 6hrs, 20 mins Purge announcement as already been made. Omfg :nou: SJHDSHSHDBS I HOWLED :elmofire: NO I can’t believe we triggered Uber bot without even trying. The first time EVER In history I would just plead the 5th dude. Admin handled it. You’ve been warned. Get over it, move on. SHE GOT A BIG PHAT ASS :elmofire: :GAY: That is the summary My anaconda does Ma’am that’s the decor for the front I need this energy in my group chats It’s astronomical B R E A D I love the Peppa episode where she hangs up on Suzy for knowing how to whistle :LMFAOdead: when you’re not included but include yourself aka me Chicken and waffles is a thing Never had it myself but I’ve heard good things about it breakfast chicken sandwiches are yum We are all just collectively recuperating today Lol Rough!! I had to get tested before and I was the one from my group that got it three days late. Sometimes it’s just a hold up Hope you get it in time The results, of course Drop it 👀 I’ve been meaning to try pimple patches. Do you only use the overnight ones? There was one that was advertised on my tl that it’s for the stubborn ones you can’t fix on the spot and can use makeup over it. It seems too good to be true lol ... why would you think she’s talking about you? Lmao she @ the person 👀 are you going to start watching or want recs? My friends told me I should watch some but I haven’t tried them. I was gonna say I’ll go on this journey with you Nope. I’m a complete virg Go ahead. This is off to a great start lol LOL are you selling tix to this fight? me do something 👂🏼 catfight 🥺 sjfhdfdhds its Dwayne Drew is a chihuahua :/ catfish of the century LMFAO I am dying DECEASED Viv and I's name are on opposite spectrums its not even funny wot mate? SHHH. Don't expose him What do you think it was? If you don’t mind answering. UMMM.. is he with you rn? Ugh I would love to meet him but it’s the ass-crack of dawn. Maybe when I am more presentable lol Tell him hi and that I hope he’s kissing you back to health Haha, well I won’t say no to that! Exert your power over him This conversation makes me want to monitor my little cousin’s Roblox account There will be no furries in this house 😂 not until they’re of legal age, at least. Hello, Belle. Thanks for joining lmaoo My detectives skills are still on point :elmofire: ETA: RoD2 release 🪣💦 Thanks, it’s my name. It’s shinning in the title lmao Poor sister. Me: *witnessed all of that* ..... good game? or goodness gracious lmao it sounded so weird as a response lol oh oh OH I get it now. We were not on the same page but now we are. I’m gonna smoke and blow some smoke in Drew’s face Good Lu :ConfusedCat: I do smoke, but socially. I was being funny for the most part. I don’t condone smoking in tight spaces, private property, or damn near anyone who doesn’t ask for it. It seems like your intentions are in the right place but it's something that seems to have been dealt with internally and it will stay like that. Try not to get involved. Hi Rae, I hope you're doing better ❤️ I could do better physically, seems like I'm coming down with a cold, but emotionally and mentally I am fine. Thank you for asking. Happy to hear! omg is it time I was gonna ask you earlier but you've been gone Its cookies n cream for me. Belle, vanilla is not boring! There’s so many different ways to enhance it. I think it’s tricky Vanilla is top tier Not Hutch coming in here with all that negative energy lmao Aw, okay. I amend my comment. Does sad boy want to talk about it Yes. What happened to yours? :(( wait no omg. the poor thing I seriously hate mob mentality and bullying Is that Jeremy? Dude, that fucking sucks. I want to say like I can’t believe it but I totally can. Wasn’t it like a month or two ago that a singer/group mate from Little Mix also left because of constant bullying. I don’t even want to say that “he’s not fat” cause that’s beside the point. No one should comment on another’s appearance. No bullying. Mind your business and shut your trap if you have nothing nice to say Disgusting. I just skimmed the comments and I saw the same. A lot of “you’re a bad actor” and “you were given a bad storyline” A lot of people keep saying he had just came back... do they mean to Twitter or on the show? Ok. I wasn’t sure if he suspended his account previously from all the hate Not a bad idea at all. If he does that, he will only see the good stuff and it’ll help his mental health. I hope he does get the help he needs and considers returning to a show he loves Hey, I’m sorry Hutch. For your comfort actor to attacked so much that he’s leaving a show you like. And for him being attacked so much that he felt forced to leave for his own well-being ❤️ Hi! Should be HUTCH LMAO Cannabidiol shdjdhshsh I know that it’s legal but you’d have to check the amount that is legal Ooof babe sorry. Can’t you get a medical card? That way you’ll always have a prescription Are there different version?? Not me buying animal crossing to make Viv happy Ooo, hey January baby. I’m older than you. By a year How does it feel to not be source of wisdom? Are we gonna countdown like NYE Can I get my glass of wine ready Too late. I already bought it and hate it. It’s all your fault I am kidding omfg RELAX shehdjsj Birthday Venmo Ew paypal Of all the money transfer apps Oop my bad Psssst Hutch What is the first wild thing you will do because you’re 23 also 10 MINUTES Minecraft be Wylin :elmofire: Yes I’m playing Super Mario Galaxy rn Nostalgia 4 MINUTES Trina: BUT WE’LL *IM*PLODE Lmfao hold on lemme like that I followed all of your accounts I’m a fan like that HOW MANY SECONDS HUTCH Did you implode 🎂🥳🎊🎉 Happy birthday!!! Viv, come in here and twerk. I know lmfao Still a birthday party for me Reason to drink King shit Minecraft... cereal? I think I need an explanation cause my brain is creating some weird images but like the little men?? How! ~~pics or it didnt happen~~ Aw I thought it would look cooler 😦 But they could’ve used wheat thins shape and food coloring I dig that Do we get to see the cape? uh.... not only do I have to buy animal crossing now I have to buy Minecraft too Rae is an actual angel lmao the way you tagged one but not the other Unpingable 😮 I want to learn Minecraft cause it seems fun but the process of learning is what I don’t want uwu That’s content I’d sign up for lmao 👀 Sorry for your loss, Ray. joinnnnnnn Happy birthday!!! I'll be joining you in two weeks and then we can lament over it together “Birth” 23 years since your mom known peace Oh wait, that’s just mine Look at the server change A babe I can’t wait to see these pics I missed so much and I’m okay with that. Good morning peeps :caticon: Don’t worry; I’ll spam you with the screenshots jkjk :ConfusedCat: Don’t pretend like my comments aren’t hilarious Especially when they’re personally tailored to the recipient :Bbay: mood I never gotten arrested cause I am that good at being sneaky me when I got caught by the entire frat house at my friend's college lmao yeaaaah, they wanted to play 2k and I was busy with the dude. they interrupted once, and I managed to hide, and then when all was finished I walked out to a hallway full of dudes waiting for the dude and getting me Me: :uwu: 
Them: :Thot: the other time I got caught when my friend ft during it the guy: you're not answering that *flips me over* my friend: 😮 omg I can't my voice hits different I am literally lost for words. can't speak for shit unless its one word answers and spanish them: james? I mean, yeah. YOLO Hi!! I’ll be honest Kyo, I haven’t. I was tied up with other stuff and want to finish my Mario game first but I’ll take time tomorrow to actually check it out 💀 I WILL WHEN ARE WE PLAYING THE ROOM 4 You’re right we still have to do those How hard is it? The second one you found pretty easy ngl I can vc whenever for my homies let me finish my MasterChef episode but yes Like 20 mins if I only do one episode @DaHomieDrew be a doll and keep Kyo company for me Viv goes: 0.50 LMAO wack you forgot to stretch shame Color roles channel is popping lmfaooo Hi!! nice to meet you as well! A friend of Viv's is a friend of mine ^^ me :Thot: I SUPPORT THIS MESSAGE Does that make me the mistress? awesome, I’m in we do not cheat in this house We just extend our propositions Outside of the inner circle I missed some stuff, huh. ew fix your name fam that is not the same color you had before, its different lol do it tomorrow, cause you're still on vaca :shifty: Ben LMAO Don’t worry, I’ll live in your head rent free I’ll still like your tweets even if you block me here. I’m nice like that :Bbay: And you’re right Trust me, I didn’t think you would keep it but thanks for telling me Jeremy Edwards Defense Squad lol thank you I know everything I’m all seeing STFU Audacity!!! Outta pocket I am so sorry to hear this. I'll keep him in my thoughts. aw, so sorry about that. if you need to talk you can always dm me I leave and Kyo is being harassed and Rae is on the protection squad I should stop leaving lol True but you’ve been activated You usually just appear it’s me Cuff em boys I didn’t ask for viv Guess it’s time for me to make it active NO!! I am the protection to the protection. I’m Rae’s unneeded but very much there back-up Y’all see that This NSFW channel is very tame but I’m also a wild child ALSO whoever put Slytherin at the bottom of the list, screw off. I’m a Slytherin and we are cool. See? Cool. shshsjshs Yup We know I catch you every time I will. I promise. I am done :pls: Wait, I don’t know if that’s good or bad omg. I can change the color if you want lmao I mean, feel free to tell me to shut up if you want I might listen 😎 I haven’t had it. Never heard of it I’ve had cola champagne it’s like coke but very very sweet tamarindo? hmm I wouldn’t know if it’d like that flavor in drink but I eat it in the dessert thing we go. It’s called limbel I can’t play but I’ll watch like I always do Are we still doing the furnace? DREW YES was it not a furnace? am I just making things up ❤️ *observes* :elmofire: holy carbs I took both. SAT 1285, ACT 32 for me. All the prep courses worked I thought doing amazing on those exams would’ve meant I could conquer the world but in reality, it meant shit if you couldn’t afford the top colleges that wanted you. Full ride is rare. I also made it my personal obligation to be accepted fully in merit and not because I provided a sob story to be considered. I was too stubborn and prideful Eat the rich. Scholarships are completely independent and given for any reason upon application. You can get a scholarship for being left handed lmao. Financial aid is federal assistance but it’s based off income so you aren’t guaranteed all or any. Student loans are assistance but needs to be paid back, with interest. It’s all very messy but you find what works best with you. Never forget when I wanted to be a doctor so I can find out the cure for all the diseases that big pharma has locked away so I can help the community At age 9, I was planning a revolution lmao It’s a cycle. They make it seem like you need a degree to be a well-payed professional, but not everyone can get degrees or it lowers the prestige that comes with it, so they make it harder and less accessible. It’s counterproductive to us who seek to better ourselves but it’s productive to those to maintain the social classes and stigma I’ve been summoned BABE FUCKING CALL SOMEONE check your pulse Tell me if you feel it and if you feel someone touching it or any sensations FYI I’m dm’ing Viv lmfaooo. Don’t want anyone to think I started ignoring her my white ass feet cause I haven’t tanned in the longest of time anyone who wants feet pics, y’all know where to find me :LMFAOdead: Hispanic mom Yes Amazing Wait do I have to reply I’m clueless Nurse Lu to the rescue don't mind me, I am here to make sure no pervy comments are made about a minor lit, they're so cool but I wish they were prettier anyone who is cautious is a good driver I drove for 5 years without a license. Never once got pulled over or any violations. 2 years after getting my license I get a speeding ticket and my first accident :PinguDab: Happy birthday Kyo!! 💕 Not me forgetting to do that This is quite honestly a masterpiece Aww good for Belle! Thanks everyone! Short queens Height check, 5ft. We love a small loud mouth lol Did you mean 20% lmaooo where is Jax taking us? lmfao do not disrespect CoD like that as tiny girls, we need big, tall men its only natural okay, fat mood Voltra but us specifically I did not but now I love the idea that you're just a wee bit smaller than me everyone I know is short and it gives me life nah, I say I'm 5ft but that's cause I refuse to be any shorter, whether its true or not I expect most people to be taller than me cause that is what I am used to @BigHutchHO I saw what you said and I AM DECEASED my sister took boxing lessons when she was in secondary cause girls always started trouble with her guess who learned stuff Hey John, cool it please safe space for all damn, y'all talking about getting a master degree? hold up and wait for me cause I'm on my bachelor's I do be struggling in school. It's a good kind of pain. I remember being young and searching all the top schools in the world and hoping to apply then community college tuition looked hella good any experience with either? catdog Depends on their specific needs, but yes, cats are considered to be more independent if that equals responsibility to you do you want to play around with them? take them out with you when you're running errands or just outside? protect you? dogs. go to an animal shelter, spend some time with both and see which one calls to you I have lost three nose studs in the past 2 weeks. At this rate, it would be cheaper to just let it close lol I always told myself that when I let one close, it will be the end of that. So, I do my best to keep them all open. I've been getting tired of some and might bite the bullet but apparently my nose has other plans lol I have three on each lobe and a tragus. I love the trag and considered doing the one of the other side I also want a cartilage but not sure which I had a industrial phase but all my friends got theirs infected and I said nah Once it gets to a certain size, yeah. My cousin has them and has been shrinking them for years. Very slow process random, but I do not like the Discord icon change. I liked it more as a circle it went from a circle to a box on mine You need help, Bel? I can lend some advice since I am familiar with some places Chegg, Amazon rentals, and online free textbook databases are my go-to you can always ask the professor if the edition of a book matters! some of them are strict but others are understanding of situations and will allow an edition or two behind the current one if the information is not that different that will also save some bucks I personally would be a little more professional about? How about: Hello,
In preparation for the upcoming course, I need clarification on the recommended textbook vol and ed.

Thank you,
(insert name here) Do make sure to check the syllabus and see which one is stated there because most professors will direct you back to it. the volume but not the edition? so ask if the edition of the book is okay. try to look into the volume so you're covered on both ends but that is my suggestion valid have you searched the pdf link in other websites? they might have it I mean, go ahead and just ask about it. worst they can say is no I need to take this test I think I’m ESTJ I sound like a boring bitch on paper lmao Not me being Elsa LET IT GO Wait mine is not listed Does that mean I have no prince :(( I am a princess with no prince. The crime! I like how you’re just inserting yourself in their relationship lmfaooo Aladdin was my first Disney crush so I gotta go with him too. I always wanted to be Jasmine but with the red fit on. She was a babe. there’s a buzzfeed page dedicated to bisexual awakenings and they’re all on there You should give it a read. It’s hilarious Good ones! Fae :elmofire: H i m b o Not a Disney prince but I knew I had a thing for bad boys when I thought Scar was dope lol GOOD https://tenor.com/view/vine-bad-bitch-cant-kill-me-gif-11567455 It’s actually hard to prove emotional distress Considering there’s so many factors to life You wanna read about wolf hookup cause that’s what you missed nah, they almost did but didn’t haha okay, so my nephew is 15, which places him in secondary by your formatting. How do the instructors differentiate an 11 year old from a 15 year old? that is why we use the term: freshman (1st year), sophomore (2nd year), junior (3rd year), and senior (4th year) so we can talk about a specific graduating class. is it up to year 4? oh you mean ALL the years wo wow *head scratches* okay, that one kinda confused me but I got the gist of it thanks for explaining! I am used to it cause its been my whole educational life but back home in PR, my cousin is one year younger than myself, but in grade name, he is one class above me because they have a slight difference in how they divide the schools grade as in year haha, yup. he would always tease me that he was smarter cause he was in a higher year than myself but it was just because I lived in the states we have too many names to differentiate years did you just list that backwards? w h y lmaooo fancy Harvard is here so I know that lol unless you were keeping secrets :shifty: Hope I don't have any fans showing up to my address It is lmfao @Boor welcome! challenges feature HUH? Hi Kyo ❤️ does not sound healthy let me know if you need anything talk or whatever you almost got hit once, wasn't sure if this was the sequel lol KYO sue! traffic cams does not matter hit and run stills pays still doesn't matter to roundhouse kick a headlight? Rae, your son needs to some talking to Kyo was probs on the ground when they saw it in all seriousness, do I need to go all nurse on you? I do it for Viv all the time you can have secondary concussion have a cousin in the airforce that knows how to hack cameras, maybe I'll ask and you can send me the coordinates you know your location lmao what is bleeding or cut or not intact was the food worth it? what is it okay that is yummy, but not enough to walk away from a hit and run yeah, doesn't make it any better. you don't just let a person walk away after you hit them how far did you bike? you're right about being on adrenaline, you're gonna crash soon Go check your body for bruises, clean your wounds, eat your food and come back to report to me and then go to bed. adrenaline crash :ConfusedCat: Are you just missing admin? I can make you a trial mod with me 😂 Bet. Welcome! be sure to grab some roles in #roles Good for her! There’s a risk with her coming out based on her image and promos. Not only happy for her to make the choice but for her family to support her as well since they have permission. Plus, the little cousin who is oh so proud of her is touching. My younger cousin casually told me he’s bi last time he visited from Florida. He was talking about his last relationship and how he was worried it’ll affect his new one and he just pulls up a photo of his ex-bf and goes “isn’t he so cute?”. I loved it. He told me that I was the least scariest to come out to and that he knew I wouldn’t even blink so he wanted to have fun with it :heresthemf: As an aunt of 4 and cousins of like 20... I’m making sure they’re all as levelheaded as I am. Small army, but we’ll grow Stressed. Got a huge assignment due tomorrow but good! Hbu The pandemic has done that to the majority lol It’s for my leadership and professional issues class. I have to find a state bill and write a paper on it. Followed by a letter to the representative It’s not hard but not easy and I’m on a time restraint Thank you, Zee! If you scroll up, you’ll see Strife mention the ones that are really good. I use them myself so it’s a good start That decides it lol yeah, access code being separate is always horrible yup it unlocks the course me "I feel happy when...." like ma'am, read the room I'll follow up with the story of how my mother ran over my foot with my own car gang gang bruh I saw you were playing all diff versions of it JB7 and JB4. L https://tenor.com/view/jim-halpert-face-yeah-ok-then-sure-gif-10464204 if you say so is it really tho no raegrets :pleb: 👀 🏃‍♀️ :ConfusedCat: stealing or homage this is all just a conspiraecy wow, guess you won't be playing WB anymore lmao with the challenges feature, there is a key reward when completing a chapter its a one time thing if she had VIP when it occurred, it was added to it and that is why you see it now that its suspended she really just came in and flexed on us like that I can be your company while you watch the movie. I’m taking a break from my homework I’m eating a plate of wings However long that takes lol Uhh :ping: Viv, did you forget we got yelled at last time We can’t. apparently it was against the rules, idk but we agreed no more ~~not here at least~~ No diabetes though, right? That’s fine. Just some extra playing time Yup My dad isn’t allowed to baby sit my sister’s dog cause he feeds it our food Pretends drops whatever he’s cooking so he can eat what’s the license? idk what that means you mean insurance? Oh, that’s kinda smart? I feel like there would be less animal abuse here if we knew all the owners LMAO so... I’m guessing there’s no refund lol sigh. Do I need to remind you? I’ll literally put it on my calendar Me, in 2 years: Kyo, check your mail. GROSS I mean, cool. Soon to be 24, actually. It’s why I’m allowed to say it. ugh don’t remind me wait how old is Sushi??? oh makes sense idk why I thought she was older you'll have to bribe her mhm the stuff to keep their mouth fresh is a good one too has been me my legal to drink and actual drinking age don't match but thats a story for another day anways does Sushi handle vaccines well? a queen the gooddest of all gorls I also cry at Petco we would be good friends lmfao every bad bitch is allowed a moment of weakness https://tenor.com/view/aww-kristen-bell-surprised-gif-5797378 you https://tenor.com/view/love-you-awww-cute-gif-15947302 :hawyee: you're right LMFAO I know. .... I thought your brother was younger oops me same my brother is 38, sister is 35, and I am 24 (I forgot I am 23) JFC its a matter of 5 days so lets just say I am you will hate me playing I literally know nothing gatekeeping lmfao :aww: I just don't know what to do. like its fun to watch y'all die and build stuff but the minute I think of doing it I am clueless is it even compatible with Mac? I don't have a PC Got it. Thanks! Again lmao not to play BRUH. Yes. Ham & cheese what did it do to you ugh, the worst. You have anything to soften your stomach? ginger ale or anything like that hot stay upright, or propped on pillows, drink something that calms your stomach, stay away from food and it should go away Hate to be a party pooper but we gotta shut it down. Mmm. Do you have a fever? Check your hot pocket box. Could it be expired or gone wrong? When you were eating ok vc you kept going “what am I eating?” Was it cause it tasted bad or Is anyone around you sick or showing any symptoms of might be getting sick You may have just bought them but were they sold before expiration. That’s the biggie You may have just bought them but were they sold before expiration. That’s the biggie Pink is misleading because when you throw up you’re forcing your muscles to expel the stuff which is traumatic for your throat. Plus, acid also erodes which adds to the pink. Coffee grounds in vomit is very bad. anyways, could be food poisoning since it’s quick but only if no one else around you is sick. You could’ve been exposed to a virus and just showing symptoms now LMAO. small mercy ummm.... could take 48 hours. But yeah, let’s cross our fingers for tonight. once it’s out of your stomach.. which it seems, it should get better Why not Bet so, water upset my stomach even more so if you're the same don't drink that you got gatorade or anything similar @azula sigh technically I am free now tell your friends the feeling will be the last to go away its like a hangover Of course you did you're just taking Ls I showered, did my hair, dressed professionally.... for a 5 minute phone call. hate. it. here. are you okay babe?? any idea what could’ve caused it The way you never finished your last thought. SHHHH. 👀 without ME? how rude yeah, I know that is why I waited to pop up and ask but you still ignored me Viv is a noodle Valentine's Day event :elmofire: soo.... who is 🔒 down this Valentine's Day? Not me 🙋‍♀️ LMAO couple mood America locked me down faster than any man could very entitled kjsfjsffhs omg my fave hobbie smash and dash bang and dip you need Viv's permission :aww: Tinder is for dick pics, Bumble is for compliments and surprised dick pics, and Hinge is for an undercover hoe I haven't tried that one hold on nvm.... lmao I met my first fwb on omegle ..... 🍿 :heresthemf: let me tell you as a certified hoe and a het- men ain't shit. 👀 interesting they're great conversationalists too but don't force yourself to feel something honestly, who even needs labels. do what you want as long as you're happy, safe, and respectful she's lebanese gosh Viv, so insensitive did you mean Jojo Siwa? or did Greta also come out? FUCK I knew it was coming her hairline makes me cry as someone whose profession asks for the hair to be pulled back, I weep at how tight hers as. breaking her roots and receding her hair I bleached my hair for about 4 years. oof blonde asf looked pretty, but man did it just wreck my shit. I will only ever do it again with a professional my natural hair was always a mix between dark blonde and light brown. as I got older it got darker but I still had those blonde low tones in them I can't ever get it back, which is sad I don't have one and my hispanics ancestors weep I need to take better care of my hair and rejuvinate my curls hold on, I'll post a pic of little me in #wholesome-pictures you can see what my hair was like actual or bought? Will do. So, yeah. I dyed my hair dark brown after the blonde to let it rest and get healthy with a massive trim I did and it’s stayed dark since then. People keep asking me if I dyed it darker and I haven’t touched it in over 6 years. Open curls too, the weight of my hair pulls it down Don’t. I dyed burgundy, maroon, blonde, did teal highlight, blue highlights, hi and lo lights, and now dark brown. Yup. I love reminding men that beauty is expensive so drop that dough if you want me to continue being hot I don’t have one but I also date scummy men so you learn a few tricks Men like an arm candy. You know when they like that certain lingerie or when they like your nails done because backstratches and all that jazz? Capitalize on it. Go a day or two without them and let them casually ask for it. IF they're jerks, they'll pretend tease about you getting lazy. That's when you strike. Tell them that you just haven't had the time, or got some upcoming bills so you'll take a while but it'll be done when you got the time. Tell them if they like it so much you can skip date at *insert expensive date here* and that you can just have a spa date works for me every time and by then they're just programmed to know that the more they treat you right, the more they earn in return if not, con their ass and say that you got someone else that treats you to these stuff like a real man. Men can't help themselves to join in on the pissing contest fwb 101 for the record, I'm an independent ass bitch but also when men have their stuff they like (aka waxed, etc) I make sure they know that their services have fees if its for me, that's another thing. Valid For me, I don't need them to but if its for them, they can pay for it. I don't force them if they don't want to, since half the stuff I would already do, but the demanding of it is when I switch. 23, 24 on Friday rough, you need to go play catch up on all the missed time. just remember you're wicked young and you got all the time in the world every man is different, take it case by case lol these are all hookups, I don't do relationships so it'll be a different ballgame when I decide to be in one I’m crying in the club Are you better now? Looks like a angular nose one if my eyes are messed up SHSHSSHSH COME ON RAE Teamwork! HAHAHAHAH @SaintMinneapolis Welcome! Make sure to grab some #roles Pedialyte helped? What I got it lol I’m half asleep So I will watch your beekeeping adventures another day no NyQuil this time, school exhausted me is our homosexual helping? LMAO Oop lmao the way I don't use Tik Tok enough so I'd be confused asf are you talking about forms that ask for race? what do you put for your nationality? or ethnicity okay so I'm not helpful cause my forms have different groups listed. don't think any have ever asked me if I am mixed race. but I agree, I would say you're multi so choose that mhm I've never watched Moana :IDKher: I need to do that pretty I was just gonna say that let me try to do my hw and its a date spl not this argument again lmfao I lack all piracy ethics morals who? I do :Bbay: I can bust out my scener. we will be on vc *talking* but *streaming* outside of the server you missed twerking your phat asscheek on it opportunity wasted make their pockets hurt baddun dun dun dun we do :pleb: alright, imma speedrun my homework in case we can watch it this week Friday depending on the time cause birthday dinner and all that jazz for me thx babe it always amuses me how freely people wish an early bday when its a superstition to us LMFAO in case I don't live to the day nice trust me, no feelings hurt if you forget. no big deal to me, I'm just growing older and greyer das me you could be right, but I'm used to hearing early wishes from anyone but hispanics irl Not wish an early happy birthday? For Puerto Ricans its basically testing fate. You're basically wishing for something great before the day arrives for which you may not make it to that day. Mal de ojo type stuff. (evil eye) Yeah, so we aren't against it 100%. We won't think you have bad intentions when you do it but if someone does it, a loved one will follow it with a prayer/blessing. I say it all the time to others cause obviously living in the states my entire life you get used to others customs. It's just funny to notice Yup! I'm not an overly superstitious person but there are incidences (read coincidences) where I'm like hmm.... maybe I should just *not* do this. I wore a very expensive, idk how many karat gold bracelet once time that was gifted by my godmother. I treasured it so much that I would only wear it for special occasion. Believe it or not, it was to protect the evil spirits from. Well, I wore it to someone's house and got immediately complimented on it "oh wow so pretty, where did you get it? how long have you had it for?" and that night when I was home I realized it wasn't on my wrist anymore. I panicked and searched everywhere and I found it beneath my car's driver seat. The clasp broke. It be your own people. Aww, sorry to hear. Have you ever tried repairing them? Maybe you can. I hope you can. Mood Besides taking a day off and eat yummy food? Nothing really. I can't go to the clubs or the casino like I've done in the past but it makes no difference to me. I never thought my birthday had to be a big deal cause I try to spend every other day of the year as birthday, if that makes sense. Thank you! Haha, it's so bland. I eat hispanic cuisine all the time so we are going to Texas Roadhouse lmfao I love their bread and sweet butter woo! good luck! 🪄 I just had to confirm 5 references for this position I applied for I now have a headache lol Damn. I slept through the mc ping java HI BABES. ummmm, let me take some quizzesand we can watch school is wayyyyy to intense for my liking and I have Moana and the rest of the mini-episodes on my to-do list @Fuzie Welcome! @olxiart Hi and welcome! Please help yourself to some #roles @shayla  welcome! the way I sent you to bed at 7am and you're here at 11am telling me you haven't slept we watched bomb movies though, I've lost sleep over less ❤️ amazing fo sho I just had a delicious breakfast sandwich. Really good start to myday thank you! thank you, Kio 🥰 thank youuu! thank you so much!! It was great! Had a nice day and now I’m awake with 4 hours of sleep in me lol How are you?? Thank you! You know what makes me angry? Walking into my cold bathroom and stepping on a damp bathroom rug. My socks are soaked and now I feel gross. at least he didn't spray the socks lol because I need new slippers and my floors are freshly cleaned so I did not expect anything like this to happen "you will meet different girls" only mentions hot girls LOL #multimedia-shabang this is the chainmail I did not send back in the 5th grade haunting me isn't it #multimedia-shabang is there anything you're interested in being? its not permanent lol, you can change your mind obviously name an occupation okay, I like that I wanted to be the person that did autopsies before anyways, so now you're Kyo, future embalmer ugh, I wish. my professor always asks for us to upload a photo to canvas ma'am this ain't tinder hi I am half asleep but sure what kind of mods? or type I guess is the better question a computer boomer lmao I can't wait to see the fun stuff with the mod Cheez whiz lol You beat me by one lmfao YOU BEAT ME BY THREE VOLTRA LMAO okay but I do too 😭 I was gonna do ant on the log but the rocks in the muck spoke to me lmao It’s for winter We do it on the east cause you know, snow I got it wrong too. I said $5 It was $50 shsjshs I only got the football field right cause I watch the sport HAHAHAHAH Owen is so proud of you Viv I got driving license wrong but that’s because it’s wrong LOL Permit is not a license, is a permission You can drive with a permit and restrictions at 16. You get a junior operators license at 17 if you take the driving course Actual license at 18. I mean, I drove illegally at 14 wild child mood Double Dare Rae Me when I’m supposed to sleep boooo But good luck Yes Rae drop your running woman 🏃‍♀️ https://tenor.com/view/lets-go-lesbians-gif-13879235 DJFHBHAJHDs Crow, I am so sorry for your loss. My sincerest condolences to you and his loved ones. Please let me know if you need anything, we're here for you. I am sorry for your loss. hi babe! yes, all warm and safe at home. some electricity issues last night but nothing major ❤️ thank you, Drew :ferretoblush: i like this one lol :pusheenheart: wait this is so cute its the cat bundled up for me LOL same haha, we can learn together yessssir You know what makes me more angry? Going down to the basement to do laundry and stepping in a puddle of water cause it flooded. My socks are soaked and now I feel gross pt.2 its the way I'm not allowed to have cozy feet for me Bet I don’t appreciate everyone and their momma being active so early the one morning I’m busy hewwo Hello, welcome!! Welcome! Please remember to visit #roles and if you're interested in a color role #color-role-channel bet someone give me the summary of what I gotta do and I'll do it wait what is the server lol person: leaves
the mod: OK lmfao about her faking her ethnicity, accent, and changing her name? mhm lmfao yeaaaah, I read a whole article and watched a video where she continually changed her backstory she can't even tell you where she was raised, she's a mess do they work but execution sure thing gimme a few mins cause I'm helping my mother with something IIRC it's like a hand-held piano. I just remember the metal part that is like a xylophone and when you press on it with your finger it flicks and makes sound. really pretty Fabien squad lets switch this to #choices-chat l if we're getting deep into the hot LIs I am hunting for pizza in the middle of a potential snowstorm past two weeks have been crazy hunger is my priority lmao Me rn Omg baseball talk. Too bad in part of the team most people hate LOL Thanks! Nothing new for us but 100% will be safe We signed Kike! Not my fave but always happy for Puerto Rican rep so unattrative I liked Cody Bellinger he's like a good mix of talent and cocky, but he does cross the line at times for that season in particular tho Puig *coughs* LMFAO unfortunate typo but so hilarious Y’all know how we did that test that Viv shared about the US stuff? Well, Groundhog Day passed and guess what. lil fucker saw it’s shadow What Drew said. I’m annoyed. Groundhog is actually pretty accurate. Doesn’t mean we won’t have inaccuracies because climate change is a problem People with diseases usually own a dog or cat cause they can sense the chemical imbalance before they even show symptoms. Animals are fucking awesome. mhm it’s arthritis. It flares up I mean, we kinda did explain the science behind it. Animals are intuitive because that is their habitat. They sense the changes that could be detrimental to them and we act according to their behavior. Life doesn’t change cause there are more 6 weeks of winter or not, it’s just a heads up that we may have more snow and lower temps. People respond to that warning as they want. You’re questioning the accuracies of an animal lol. The animal has to survive out there so yeah, mistake can be made but how likely is it that without an external factor they will die off because one of them read the climate wrong? Not likely. Anyways, we got almost 17in of snow on Groundhog Day and now we are expected to see another half foot today and that does not include what will be continuing this weekend. I want to be outside 😭 You take it up with the experts who you think are wrong. It’s a cute thing and in my entire life of living here, it has barely been inaccurate plus, children love it. We don’t only go off by the shadow, it’s what we say to the public based off the behaviors assessed I know right, Drew??? They’re huge. I thought they were small and slim like squirrels until I saw one and I was like wtf. You’re BIG me: so he don’t got a shadow but I do? :e_minor: Lol it’s cool. I’m just saying that it’s not just a shadow thing. They just observe all of it and we tell kids who are to young too understand all that that it saw it’s shadow and went back into it’s dwelling instead of staying out and doing whatever it is they do Drew doesn’t want to hear about math before math class He needs a break math is ever changing so I wouldn’t even bother unless you’re an expert I help the kids all the time and it’s new formulas and new ways to solve and I’m just trying to be being a good aunt I just mean it’s pointless to find new and harder ways to do stuff and force kids to learn that one way I have my way to solve stuff and I’m correct. They just won’t accept the work cause it’s now how they decided it should be done Here’s a funny story My nephew is 14 and was on ft with his friends. I come into the room to tell him dinner is ready and one of them go “oh, is that your mom?” And the other one on the group call goes “no dumbass, that’s his sister” Bruh, I’m neither. They just know his mom is young and just assumed it was me it was funny cause I went in there complaining about his room not being clean and they follow it up with saying “she sounds like my mom” Bruh. I’m 24. Def not his mom I’ve got it since I was young. My niece was born when I was 7 and so whenever I drove her around and stuff, people just assumed I was her teen mom 😂 Creepy men: is that your daughter? She looks just like you.
Me: no; she’s my niece and she says you stink: It doesn’t help that they call me mom. They’re just tired of my ass being around lmaoo they accidentally do it. Like if they’re excited and want to show me something they’d be like “mom! Oh, I mean Titi” and we just move on it’s me 😭 My cousins all call me titi cause they were jealous they didn’t have any why do I picture you being a gay Scott Lee I love it Uwu you’re the “back in my day” shshdhhs uncle jokes are the best, they’re just exaggerated stories where they’re drunk and do dumb stuff merry hoe-mas Also.. you think you’re gonna just share it’s your birthday soon and not drop a date You better tell me. Oh wait I read it wrong :IDKher: I will as the honorary mom friend I've been told are you gonna be on vc doing work or am I just gonna check in ping when its time wait, one meal? jfc I am a mom if I picked up on that Kyo, worse threats have been made you need to eat. well played https://tenor.com/view/phoebe-buffay-friends-thank-you-gif-10408632 that is a mess are we doing a hw vc pt 2? "me and my" as I always say ping me when you're ready Welcome! @『dadazrada』 @DaHomieDrew I learned what makes me irrationally angry. I was at staples buying some pens and I turned down the offer to be a rewards members by saying “not today” and the old man pauses and goes “not tonight, you mean?” OMG Oh sorry bel you double laughed so that’s a lie lmao Bel on the outside: :pleb: 
Bel on the inside: :YellingWoman: Ping me when it’s time LMAO @azula join the irl pfp squad forg LMAO its the family cheering and Viv going "wtf is this" someone convince me to not go blonde again will I tho got it i'll try to not fall asleep can't tomorrow cause I got hw due I'll be fine. I got at least two-three hours in me I am like 150% sure this belongs in NSFW shdhfjad @azula you're literally acting up go eat breakfast 👀 ㊙️ you gotta get through me first Viv, can't we be lesbeans in peace and raise our son no you are get your walker we going on a ride There's only one thing cool about her and its that she's an Aquarius lol He had me at piercings ngl yes lol OMG THAT REMINDS ME OF MY FAVORITE TIK TOK HOW There’s a limit here. I would have to send it some other way. It’s long if you add me I can send you it lol I guess I'm never showing Kyo the tik tok 🤡 Me, 5 seconds ago: maybe I should just forget about it, the hype is not worth it
Me, rn: :hawyee: the damn tik tok that you've already seen :IDKher: this is what happens when I focus on my own hw I am not sorry but tomorrow we will be on vc and you will finish all of it ok I know sports but you also couldn't explain what the assignment was that's the wealth and power one right? maintaining social ranks, etc? fighting for possession of the ball to earn more points. greater points per game, more games won, more games won, championship one, championship is titles pick a sport I liked playing against private schools when I did volleyball.... only thing I didn't like were their volleyballs cause them mofos were hard asf. big braen!! Good! so if I get good sleep tonight we can do more of the room tomorrow I'm here. ready to go bruh ok Welcome @Deathken ☠ let me hop off vc in my other server maybe like 10mins? nah its cool we're just playing uno HAPPY @Miss. Dani Phantom Hello and welcome! Please head over to #roles  and grabs some and if you want, #color-role-channel to change color of your name if you'd like 🙂 also, awesome user haha I really love how I passed out yesterday and slept for 12hrs and everyone just went through my twitter page lmao welp I don't expect to sleep today so ping when its time @chirusmilex Welcome! Head on over and grab some roles in #roles and if you'd like to customize your color, visit #color-role-channel Hi! having a good day so far! you? 1:13pm lol don't worry! I'm just doing my 20-page reading for my homework and taking a break every 3 minutes ugh, I'm starving with no motivation to cook mood I want pizza but do I have the willpower to go pick it up and not spend the whole day just being a fatty? Nope. I have like 5 episodes of two of my current shows to watch and I know the minute I eat, I'll just toss the hw aside and watch them LMAO. I said that literally all of last week which is why I am here today also my fave pizzeria does not deliver. sad. Ooop, I eat anything tbh Fave is cheese since you can't go wrong but my close second is steak bomb (steak, pepper, onions). I can also do chicken or no meat with this. did I just lose a fiancée :e_minor: I am half-asleep ish in the middle of it 10/20 pages completed... 12 pages of notes sure @KinkyGlamz hello and welcome! head over to the channel and grab some #roles awesome! thx its me Jake stan. jdfjhsf DOGE me                  doge
         🤜 🤛 
     boxing it out fight me oh shit, its santa what he gonna do?? pony lmfao rae Rae RAE plz for the love of god tell me you didn't think I was serious I am close to tears PWEASE ITS THE WAY SHE HAS NOT ANSWERED ME SFJDJFGDFA i love you babe. you got the question right kyo he is gonna ask oh no me lmfaooooooooo they're a unicorn... they just come and go after bringing magic and putting their horn to good use ya know? doing the dirty work cause who even like het couples das me I know my flaw I S2G VIV IS THIS NSFW I still want pizza and all I got was a convo on Rae being a unicorn we love it here LMAO sdjhfjjf I knowwwwww shhhh its just fun wut but are we still engaged is the question :ferretoblush: dsjhfhjaa which topping do you want my darling? @azula bestie will you be my maid of honor? look at Viv playing a big part in our wedding lol plz explain oh that looks yum I would eat it I've ate marg pizza and all that its the way I have to relearn cooking in the ktichen for my wife I'm just not doing well rn the best bowl of cheerios ever bread was not something you can cook why would you> imagine not having carbs? THE BEST BRAED OMG WE AGREE ON SOMETHING we love this yuuupppp speak bread to me I melt mood yes yes yes without me? I am proud. I thought you were gonna leave the rest for tomorrow? "i have things to do" mhmmmmmm I knew better than to allow mc time still you had hours in the day to do this and choose 9pm no. I ignored pizza for this shameful didn't I tell you to finish your work then its not finished is it anyways, you did but I didn't go I finished first half of my hw and my online CPR certif stuff, tomorrow I will do second half there's a skills portion lol, I go Sat just did the cheaper option you'd be surprised... you can get a 1 year provision pass pretty sure its a covid thing but before if my certif didn't expire and I actively worked I could renew online without retaking stuff I can list off many things if you want you’ll find yourself it only matters when I say it how Kyo is just not having a gucci day not very cashmoney sure, just got discussions to do I'm watching a program rn, give me like half an hour @faede I got VIP and you know what that means! oh shit I am so sorry for pinging, I took a wild guess you were pst est gang TWINS lazy but passionate is a mood is the compliment thing true? ENTP Hi babe I love how I typed one letter and you immediately noticed HELLO GOOD MORNING morning Ray I am just that impactful gotta notice when I arrive :pleb: You do and I love you for it *le sigh* @kyo I got approved for a refund from the ARC for the cancellation! and then I got confirmation from HR that I will also be reimbursed for the class I ended up paying its a damn good day american red cross lmfao hw vc? :shyduck: get that sleep! you need it Kyo rolls over, makes sure the server isn't on fire and then knocks out again. we love a dedicated admin lmfao HEY .... yet Viv, the only fire here is the one through my veins when your phat ass pops in I'm the pizza mood Hi I have been summoned .... wait what? my name or my *name* ...... I hate to burst your bubbles but like..... me: *scrolls up*
also me: I'm lube, ain't I? Late but here are my last nursing notes My handwriting depends on what I use but it’s decent Shshdjs that’s doctors I like my sloppy cursive writing more I use this when I feel professional catholic & baptized as an infant did not do my first communion from moving around much so I "have" to do that sometime LOL I have no interest in any of it. I don't think I have to go to do all parts or go to Church every sunday to prove my faith I'm a good person, give back to my community, literally in a self-less profession and pray as often as I can (or remember to) I give myself a 7/10 byee! You have risen! is it time or must you eat lmao ready when you are You’re clear. Honestly I get it cause I’ve been there but it also isn’t cool take it from someone who dumped two friends I've known for 10 years if they aren't being good friends now, most likely they won't in the future you know what you deserve and if they're not doing their end... talk to them, work it out, but don't sweep it under the rug or cave that's actually so shitty. Listen, the hardest thing for me when I decided I wasn't going to let my ex-friends walk over me is not wanting to continue giving chances because of the fucked up shit they said or did. I had to remind myself that I put more value in our friendship if it was this hard for me to write them or than I was to them when they did everything they did which pushed me away. its not easy letting go of friends, but no one should be spoken to like that. and if they can't see past their wrongs, they don't deserve you always babe. I do hope you can find a way to talk to them. even a message to say that you want them to say straight up what they expect to come from this.. if you can work past it or not for the closure that's what I did and I think it worked well for me I did in the beginning, but its gotten easier. I stopped doing that and started saying what I can do with my real friends. Even what I can do with myself. Can you really enjoy any future hangouts with the voice in your head telling you they're just faking it? they're just bringing you along because its a chore? I wouldn't be able to live with that anymore than letting them break me down. FYI, Drew you can undeafen lmao we would like to hear your thoughts @keepcreative Welcome! Please visit the #roles channel to grab roles mc date take them to Lake Gay its the best spot I did but I still wanted to tease I’m supposed to receive a UPS package but since it was ordered by someone else, I don’t have a tracking # I’m stressed and anxious for it to arrive. You know what! I’m almost certain I made an account for that reason, thanks for the reminder. omg doggy baths are fun oh no sushi :(( I am absent for a day and Kyo is back to not eating :YellingWoman: you did it?! oh lmao Hi! Welcome! Please excuse, Drew. He's cranky. bitch don't make me fight you I will swing https://tenor.com/view/hit-couple-fighting-argue-mad-gif-16715542 bonk omg how did you manage to capture my size??? https://tenor.com/view/slap-bear-slap-me-you-gif-17942299 https://tenor.com/view/knockout-knocked-out-punch-punched-punching-gif-4902914 https://tenor.com/view/grandparents-day-insomnia-pillow-fight-the-hot-chick-gif-14997240 ooo we onto spanking huh? you felt wrong ??? That sucks! Omg that’s the worst. I get so upset uh, I’ll see if I can get on. Busy rn Aw okay! Have fun 💕 I know how to stream but how are you gonna stream your tv or the device? you are with your friend?! and I just got here to do my job idk what that is babe. sorry the capture card is for streaming she mentioned twitch earlier lol lemme give her views what was the question> I said what I said didn't you say you were with a friend> you wanted me on vc, said nevermind cause of your friend, so I left ......???? ok lemme finish what I am doing WHAT SORRY super mario all stars WHY ARE YOU CRYING my other server is taking up my time do you neeeeeed me I did not come here for the Kyo slander Drew. I will kick you. stanky ass...... foot? https://tenor.com/view/kick-funny-anime-fly-cartoon-gif-4922649 keep talking oop https://tenor.com/view/ishida-uryu-ishida-anime-manga-fight-gif-5706949 https://tenor.com/view/slap-handa-seishuu-naru-kotoishi-barakamon-anime-barakamon-gif-5509136 https://tenor.com/view/fight-smash-girl-fight-gif-15340791 aw Sushi, poor thing lots of cuddles and treats Happy birthday Rae!! have a graet day ❤️ @kyo I have risen same, I got one errand to do and then I will be free throw hands I wanna make this my photo now lol It’s so adorable Lmao I’m all “rock on 🤘🏻” and 2-D is “my office is this way” we love a bad bish I need to motivate myself to clean my room. Next week I’ll be having zoom lectures and other stuff and need to tidy up my desk. Buuuut my room is so big and unorganized rn. Wait I can’t right now! I have errands lol I also clean the most at night 😂 My neighbors hate me Every time I clean and blast music at night, they do it in the early morning for revenge It’s a good system Super happy for my unique and creative name and for everyone to place it on a face. I walk in looking white and then hit em with my background. Power move. the bitch is waiting on an email to confirm what time her CPR course is once I get an answer, yes I'm chilling on the zoom "waiting for the host to start" rn just in case yummy I was gonna make some Dino nuggies too djksbhf WHAT my class is in 15mins, shouldn't take more than an hour eat your nuggies, give doggo head rubs, and I will be there wow, so proud of both of you Ready LMAO Clarice sllsslososspsps the babies? super easy but more nerve-wrecking in real life Fun! I was just talking about how funny mine look cause I'm used to other types Sigh... can you do it tomorrow? Fine. Tomorrow I have the day off so we will finish it on vc Rise n shine and nom time *ahem* pencil in nom :ferretoblush: I finally bested Drew he's having a crisis everyone just ignore him I'm formally giving Drew a warning for harassment of staff. keep pushing your luck bish https://tenor.com/view/law-police-judge-cop-dredd-gif-8606130 I... have so many questions lol https://tenor.com/view/paris-hilton-ew-grossed-out-not-into-it-disgusted-gif-5514980 every time Drew shows up It you puking up your heart awwww who's yoy? 😏 YOU TELL HIM WIFEY see the trash outside y'all hear sumn? Drew is the definition of keyboard warrior I'll be tuning in is it doing the whip?? actually nae nae I love it being a cutie your choice omg Kyo and I are twins I walked outside with slides on... and stubbed my toe on the sidewalk chipped my toe nail 😦 this is so disrespectful lmfao. It HURT my sidewalk is raised from the street level, so its the paved one. I raised my foot to step up and bam, I smacked the heck out of it :(( I cherish you Drew is a salty bish tell your friends that is the essence of my existence Welcome! Drew, I will kick you. https://tenor.com/view/bunny-rabbit-kiss-kisses-lick-gif-3990323 me when I wake up at 3am to see if anything is up Drew, over my dead body. square up https://tenor.com/view/square-up-fight-me-gif-9011419 its knowing Kyo can beat me, but me being too stubborn to not prevent it So, apparently someone created a gaming bed I don’t even know how to begin to say how insane this is It’s so bad for you Why would you want everything’s near your bed Why would you want to *stay* in bed I can too but why are we providing more methods to be unhealthy no idea It’s from fb lol Someone said Japan made it but I didn’t fact check that. Just saw the bed itself I’m sure I got it cause of my recent searches and talks about a gaming PC Just my FBI agent working hard lol drew is a loser drew is a loser drew is a loser I'm not spammning I'm singing no mind your business and let the mod do mod stuff your obsession with me has reached all new heights okay Drew-ser funny how it was you going "oh shit she's awake" when you saw me hmmmmmm always looking for me 👑 I got this you don't the only thing plastic here is Viv's phat ass don't bring attention to this! I was being funny I love Viv, she's a queen. Queen @azula give me one to watch I feel like you gave me a list before and I ss and now its gone anime you asked me to watch I attract titans I watched some of AoT because my niece and nephew did I'll do it. where do I watch it? I like anything babe okay! let me finish my hw and then we can do this your faith in me is astounding. I would not be able to finish so quickly rain check, I will let you know when its time https://tenor.com/view/twerk-dancing-twerking-butt-wiggle-gif-5003472 us at the reception ugh dino nuggies were not my friend today fdhsbdfkj I just remembered the almost accident we would've been sad to see it my stomach is not happy tummy go grrr forg cool, just working on my project MARA? fhdjfkad oh you were trying to get her attention lmfao I thought you mistakenly called one of us Mara I wanna see her try I don't talk to her too often but she thought I was mod before I was mod, so I think we're cool lmao I will ping Mara. Because I am important. Noted. you just don't like us anymore we get it hvdfdjds Drew, if you're done eating. you know what to do hot breath is like panting that shit comes from the back of your throat d i s g u s t i n g hfdjfksdng PHLEGM please do do you have a phobia? awesome I knew someone with a phobia and tried their hardest to never do it it was... conflicting, to say the least like 2007 2010-2011 I get the stomach virus every year around Feb-March. so my time is coming soon Mara has a guy? LOL so private its nonexistent to you yikes he pretty ok but when can I have my waist be that small again Hi, hello..... uh my project is due 26th. should be free after that unless I get it done early DMV be long asf don't blame him gotta check in and all that GOOD LUCK SON you know what, better safe than sorry tbh go and get a coffee of something nearby :Bbay: breakfast I told you soooooo I am the DMV expert. I do take care of all the licenses and car registrations in my home. That's 3 cars Wait til you have to talk to car insurances, they're the worst. my state its every 5 years but turning 21 is the exception cause you need to convert from JOL to the offical one yup horizontal for the youngins, vertical for 21+ I taught all the boys in my family this I love drinking my dad and I taking a shot to start the morning lol efff of Drew Maybe she snatching waists? Bailey's! that's a go-to beer???? I was asking about the name I can't see what name he is complaining about being weird dsfbhjdsds DREW I was like... this ain't what he talking about.... right? :IDKher: THAT IS WHAT I WAS TRYING TO CONFIRM and then everyone was being sassy like "oh, even I know that's beer" BECAUSE SHE IS FLYING TO YOU DUMMY SHE WANTS TO TEACH YOU TO DRINK that's my wife I will fight you anyways Kyo yikes -2pts for you dad that's not very... dare I say cashmoney Voltra, I love you just parroting everything lol oooo Raines mine matches my soul bless you do you do the pre-driving test? we have to know the arm arm signals don't forget your seatbelt. they don't tell you, they wait to see if you know OOP don't go on yellow! better to be safe I don't use my seatbelt hoe I don't recommend it to anyone, I just don't. I've made my peace with that I'm short and have big boobs, its constricting and can't see shit it's called a distraction I don't need him stressed hmph Hi Fae ❤️ jsfhjd guys, I am fine. I've been in them. all I got was a *little* internal bleeding no biggie LMAO get the belt. I'm immune 5mph I snorted 15 can kill a person wtf 5mph with speedbumps, 15 reg? STOP RILING UP KYO *whispers* Kyo likes chips um... I forgot the name but I know what they look like Drew should know them you leave my height out of this lmfao I got ass too don't be mistaken y'all hear sumn? damn, where did everyone go> I am the law bye Kyo, good luck I never said to not wear a seatbelt I SAID I DO NOT that is me. me, myself, and I that's my gut and she's hungry Luck! I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I teleported back to the 6th grade. Can someone show the way to general? Ding ding ding Recess time Did you have a good playground or non I will stand by the fact that I like history, I don’t like any of my history professors Can I ask a question? What are causing Lu’s cramps!
a. Hunger
b. Life
c. Period
d. Being in class No, but I also felt bad you did not get a reply Don’t you love when the information isn’t sprinkled with glittered lies? I hated every year re-learning the same information and just a little more truth was added. Like just tell me why America sucks, man: CONGRATS KYODA https://tenor.com/view/baby-driver-movie-baby-driver-baby-driver-gi-fs-ansel-elgort-action-driving-gif-8501733 Bite me Clank clank booooom YOU WEREN’T EVEN HERE FOR THAT Shdhhsjsbs I probs have told Metta in the dms Idk we talk about me being wild I’m sure my driving tendencies shown up If y’all can’t handle that I won’t use my seatbelt I got some news for you..... You can’t prohibit me FAE bby Fast and the Furious Hi 👋 Fun fact, I caught an officer try to do a u-turn to give me a ticket I tossed my phone so fast I will Wait, no I said that wrong Do I say the yes or no to agreement it’s you questioning my integrity I’m safe. @azula come tell them how I knew the plot twist to the show THIRSTY THURSDAY We know Mentioning it doesn’t do anything but annoy you and your friends Bye! Snap? Like Pokémon go? It’s cause he doesn’t have to drive anymore Kyo It’s a trap Pokémon snap is a cute name WAIT That sounds fun!!! YES ....no On my phone lmaoo I need the switch one Sorry, Drew Y’all got tired huh Oop I don’t pretend to know history so I don’t join lol I probs failed cause it’s not multiple choice I love your mom She always makes my day looking dnfjfdfk I thought you were gonna post it Drew, no one asked I'm good. oop, rip Kyo SO DO THEM umm. yeah hi Viv! currently catching up on OH and taking a break from my big project how are you love? new chapter, yeah also don't worry, this project is easy which is why I was so lazy ahem is it a new one? its me forgetting that I only need to create a 5 minute presentation and making it 10 minutes. yikes on bikes proud 12am for me; so you’re right Morning drink another anal I still laugh at the abbreviation @Deleted User Welcome! head on over and grab yourself some #roles ready when you are @detok hi and welcome! go and visit the channel #roles 🙂 FAE Hi 👋 :aww: that is the perfect emote cause Viv calls me Lubear I want these emotes they're cute I have a birthday party I’m preparing for :/ have fun though! WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY thanks for blessing us with your presence why? oh, my bad idk the reason tbh maybe check in? ouch! with a door? double ouch your hand has not been doing so well first the scratch, now this its the blood rushing, yeah it might get a lil swollen oof, I’ve had that happen Foot + door = toenail cracked in half I hated it LMAO So gross But funny I liked finding my classmates lost piercings in our sim lab. you can numb it but honestly it’ll be a dull pain for maybe a day or two whenever you use it do I have to do a wrist reveal my wrist is small thumb and middle finger easily touch if I wrap it around my wrist I got my work schedule and finally know what unit I've been assigned to work in. rip surgical cardiac unit lmao LMAO they trust me so much wtf nsjdbhfdkjfns its my secret weapon shh bruh, this week I am scheduled 12hr shifts they just said put this bitch to work ASAP I mean... its paid we winning eating good 7a-7:30p tomorrow and Wednesday, workshop Thurs 11a-3p, Friday 7a-3:30p finally Yikes. It’s 3 degrees right now. I want to die. Kyo Have you done your hw bro just cause I am not around doesn't mean I'm *not* around ignore him Drew he's being a smartass not me needing to be asleep to function in my next 12hr shift also... I did a Kyo thing. but I won't share cause it'll enable Kyo I just said I won't share lol did you eat today? do I need to UberEats exactly what did you eat? but are you drinking it I brought AJ home last week he was annoying kidding milk is gross I only drank it as a child when it was warmed with strawberry nesquik then I outgrew that lol I want to try oat milk It’s 1:30pm. Only 6.5 hours to go forg @kyo I only have professional development tomorrow so get ready its hw day aww, I missed you too happy birthday to her! another year of her sass love it. not an excuse, it’s facts. it’s HER day kyo rolls over and checks the server but doesn’t say happy birthday in the first morning breath Sounds about right That’s ethnic parents so you finna hide my mom identity like that kidding lol you can’t, she’ll wonder why we all want you my parents are like that lol my dad goes from happy to paranoid in a flash. It’s weird but if he wants to increase his BP, by all means Parents being paranoid like that is so funny though. I remember when I enrolled in college and they asked for my social security and all that stuff Me: you aren’t allowed to know that. LMAO My debit and credit cards are on my notes. Unlocked. You start giving no fucks after 22 Mine is under “reminders” and it’s literally all my life info I bet the passwords are all of the same variety that’s me too YUP me using the same two passwords with or without numbers and maybe an ! to keep it spicy I mean, people share streaming apps all the time. Same idea Oop That’s her birthday LMAO not if you can load them Vanilla gift cards fam Not if they have an expiration date It’s like a debit card Just not associated with a bank I took care of someone with a birthday similar to that date. You’re 2 years off you got this uh.... is it due tomorrow? idk what the prompt is good give me something to work with oh, nice I liked it Kyo won’t be on until 4pm PST. We gucci. You need to sleep!! But I am in class rn and then I have to drive to NH to buy some products I’ll join later in the day just don’t burn out. It’s great to be ahead but not if your focus only to be ahead What is he doing LOL If I join vc can I hear it oh HAHA Plot twist it was Sushi The ghost of Sushi That’s exactly what I meant lol I’m back. Buying pizza rn They got my order wrong 😦 I know that’s a joke, but it’s first world And second, if I’m paying, I’m getting what I want I don’t agree with the use, but I knew where he was going with it Anyways, I told them it’s okay since they got the other toppings correct. He said there was no harm and is making a new one I’ll tip him. vc in like.... 20? I'm on. That’s my birthday. I love this memory. Guess who has the weekend off :ferretoblush: Guess who is ****** skunky it’s supposed to be 6 asterisks but idk why it only does two but it wasn’t between It was 6 back-to-back cause I was censoring myself See Anyways I am *blank* skunky I saw Fae But i don’t see Fae anymore :(( To my heart I wanna see what their name color is now Saw them change it earlier oh thx LMAO Same tho ***** 5 = 1
6 = 2 **** 4 = 2 *** Hmmmmm Anyways, big hug for anyone who knows what I said A year lol I'm off today so I'll be around ew I don't eat it but won't that be mushy I like toasted stuff https://tenor.com/view/ratata-ghetto-gif-16017100 Gross Hiii ❤️ like this week? I know that lmao. When are you asking Is Raya out already? probs home in like an hour or so So... we’re waiting on me? Kyo, do your work! Ok let me get home no need to be alarmed, mommy is home mama? next time *** takes one, Imma make that joke It’s me! I wanna join for this (if you do it at a decent time) I’ll be home in like half an hour hopefully Lol it’s cool me too for me to return I saw it mentioned yesterday and just ignored it a girl was struggling loud noises, I was tired, and I decided sleeping to netflix was better than sleeping to your voices I love y'all but Bel has the record of falling asleep on vc and Bel can keep it Sleepy WOOO happy! Lmao Is it for the place you told me about before? Have you done your hw? Indeed do be helpful. Monster too. kyo is just straightforward. If it makes you feel better, you’re way more tactful than I am me Can I contribute my volleyball+ track n field talent I am alive Great! I had such a busy day today. 3 codes, 1 lady bled a lot after removing her IV because she’s on blood thinners, a lady tube feeding got stuck and I couldn’t change out the system and then it tugged it from the spot where it’s supposed to be and another one was accusatory that she has given sleeping pills in the morning cause she received them the night before and had residual effects I’m tired and need to eat a decent meal and go to bed Hi, thanks. I am off tomorrow after noon so it’s hw time Kyo Mornin Tell your cat I’m LUUUUUUUUUUUUU Jack and Jill ❤️ the worst. also... what time we on vc today? I mean, sleep first. remember when I took my CPR course? well my faculty said they'll reimburse me, but I also got one wicked expensive since it was short notice and all that jazz not sure how comfortable I am making them reimburse me for that lol @L'Belle hi! Welcome back friend! Kyo I didn’t mean to ignore you btw At a friend’s house go on vc and get to it ok that is more important I am not reading all that but this screams messy me, only skimming, has an opinion on this: if you're posting and continue commenting, you do care. oh shit I did not respond um... give me like 20mins hopefully I gotta drive home I WILL GO AS FAST AS I CAN VROOM VROOM njfhfkfa omg stop. I will be SAFE. 🥺 that seems shady I am here but alas vc won't be happening came up you still gotta eat again its the way most of my classmates have only done 2 clinical days and here I am on day 6 its weekly thing, 32hrs. I am just ahead, but maybe is cause I don't have to take the class they're taking time? I'm gonna drop off a package and then drive to find a parking garage that doesn't cost $40 to park at. so... maybe like 2 your time? PSA: I am mad at Viv Viv dm'ed me when I was going to bed and she didn't. I specifically told her to message me and I would read and reply when I woke up and she did not https://tenor.com/view/texting-phone-annoyed-pissed-throw-phone-gif-11330478 lu hasn't been able to even leave yet cause the bulb in the bathroom shut off maintenance is here shit always happens on off days Mod apk always has a link to original file. Might got the direct link @kyo get ready bitch It’s vc time Yes. Say something, I dare you funny how I am here *whistles* Hello, it’s me. Kevin. Nice to meet you, Kevin’s Woo I like when the beat goes wub dub wub dub zzzzzzz Kyo, how was this your idea and you tapped out first you literally gave her the idea You also realized you did and then said it wasn’t a suggestion Tsk tsk My plans were to sleep in all morning so I can work the evening shift and not feel like death I’ve been up since 6am. I am just a funny person, we been knew Thanks, Kevin! :uwu: sleep tight Hi I won’t change my name unless you change it for me. Lol @kyo I am free from tomorrow-Tuesday. Just in time for midterm. I guess it’ll be like this Cute I love it. 🧸 love you too 🥰 Is everyone just a version of Pikachu? Hug me when you’re sad you’d love my hug Kyo is just grumpy cause it’s bed time Thanks Fae. I love you. You get a lu bear hug ❤️❤️ what does that mean? My game name is..... ...... ..... My name. I will do Lubear from now on. So you’ll know it’s my screenshot haha My real name?? It’s the L And the Za Yeah, my daily interaction is:
Me: hi, you can call me Lu.
Person: what is your name?
Me: ********
Person: ok Lu, that’s easy. Like no shit, it’s why I tried to not waste time with formalities I like it. I read it like Mason but with an accent I’m getting deja vu Guys, my first check come this weekend. It’s a good one. not me getting Kyo to sing 🎤 sing it baby You are married She did not disappoint gross Tell your cousin to do better I am currently in the car waiting for my mom to finish some pointless thing but overall yes Hey, I can join vc rn okay cool, I wanted to grab a bite to eat after this It’s opening up to the public here in MA. They are reaching out through emails and doctor’s offices and picking who are priority at this time. My mother will be receiving first dose this week. https://tenor.com/view/kids-pizza-happy-dance-gif-14978005 Guess what I want to eat I’m between pizza and a panini hmmm; there’s this steak sriracha panini that I love BABE PLS DO. BEST THING EVER KYO NOT YOU TOO Yes Fae, thank you Always can count on you Shxhdjshsb stop saying that!!! You’re triggering me Can we doordash a panini to Kyo and Drew? Yes babe. Thank you. We love carbs Don’t be shy now... we had a whole convo on pizza Carbs is LIFE Yes No pizza, I decided panini That I did. Although I really want a club sandwich but idk if this place makes a good one So here’s my dilemma. It won’t look as pretty cause it’s me making it after trying their seasonal offer version and it was amazing but that’s all I’ve ever ate at this place lol. It’s just something rolled out during the summer when it’s high demand I’ll shoot my shot. If not, I’ll just buy myself a donut and call it a day Opinion on deep dish pizza? There’s this new Detroit style that opened up near me and I’ve been wanting to try it. It’s so hard to get a pick up order that isn’t too later in the day cause it’s fairly new and everyone has been raving In case anyone didn’t know- I’m a foodie. I love trying new shit That I know, but I figured living where you do you’d try it *sighs* I gotta teach these kids to eat Come visit mama Lu Metta. I can always count on you haha Sauce is life I love veggie soup! I used to work at this place that only ever gave me free soup. Guess who was skinny that entire summer lmao damn, now I want broccoli cheddar from Panera case point: I’m just hungry and want everything. c r o u t o n s yup my wife can cook Macaroons are overrated Listen, I heard such great things about it and I tried it and it was disappointing. Like wtf 🏃‍♀️ What class was this Point to Kyo I am getting food now You got another half hour 😊 I wore my pjs to pick up this food cause I was like... what hot person is gonna go to this place on a Saturday? I WAS WRONG Hot guys everywhere 😭 I look like a mess Ummm, Drew appreciates my conversations on men I’m ready to cuffed 24/7 but unfortunately, I did not dress like that rn uwu ily uwu 🥺🥺 See I used to say that and then I realized you gotta see them again if you want a relationship lmao Fae hypnotizes people with their eyes We love to see it I don’t think they’ve made me sandwich yet? I see no bad on the counter from where I’m parked I was right. I went in and they said they’re making it now. That’s happened to me before too Fae! Yeah. I also once went to Burger King and they told me they were out of burger buns I was like fam??? Kyo stfu Lmaoooo We are talking about sandwiches and Kyo is just going off on public transportation @Andromeda it looks like shit but this is how the make the buns where I go Yes you do I give those at work and I need to sign off and keep count when we take from it It’s so yummy Kyo It’s hw time I am ready now are you? Pri, how is your thing going? you use a diva cup??? I could never, it seems scary and like I will spill it oop we might need a women's health channel for these convos lmao scaring the boys away jdfhjks fae hahahahaha Drew, somewhere in Cali: :e_minor: viv was just talking about the time you acted straight yeah, you thought that life was for you (if you had a gf) *watches in straight silence* https://tenor.com/view/jade-west-sitting-snob-victorious-gif-11870835 Rae rn Jade is bi disaster we love to see it Cat feeding the friends candy from her bra ain't no heterosexual way to explain that she said eat my goodies https://tenor.com/view/ciara-gif-5899418 https://tenor.com/view/jadewest-victorious-gif-18859722 its the attitude confident queen https://tenor.com/view/jadewest-victorious-gif-18859663 its me and my boo https://tenor.com/view/jadewest-victorious-gif-18859622 fbhdjsdkfj LMAO maybe that is why you get time outs drew that's all on the same day :IDKher: :this_is_fine: :eyez: july 13... noted. because that is how you express love was she hot? breakfast sandwich Beef noodle soup sounds yum I didn’t vote the first time. I would’ve been the tie breaker lmao Morning!! Oop. I didn’t mean to ping lmao Fae, I did what you sent me. hopefully it works tonight @faede what would my name be? lol. I know that's prob not possible, but anything that resembles? yes 🥺 name me what you think fits me match my energy lol oh really, what does it mean I like it I'm officially Jade from Victorious there's no jade green? would Primal Magic be jade? so attuned then oh, same brain I gotta get a picrew to match I've been black for so long Imma feel naked I have returned viv change my name I am officially Jade. uh is that not it? lmao Yayyyy WOOO I am naming a child LiLu in honor of our magic Morning Drew! lu got the sniffles and is buying herself soup from Panera thanks everyone! pretty sure its a head cold and from the sudden weather changes we've had this week. they were also landscaping my yard and the neighbor's house is being renovated. could be allergies too I'm just taking it easy but I will be there for movie night! gotta educate Drew on classics can I trust you to do it on your own I can sit on vc but I will be muted execution no her bazookas I’m size 7 no, why I'll vc until I fall asleep if you need it yay good job Hiii Fae reacted to me ❤️ It’s Viv not realizing we made John Cena jokes for me It’s all fun in there You just had to be there There you go friend I know. To each their own 😊 That’s cause we broke them with the start of college stories Guys I still feel like crap and I took a Covid test to be safe. Results are pending. I thought nothing of it til my sister texted me that she was positive 🙄 It was a smaller one but that’s the one. Smaller because it’s self. Sister: I feel so guilty and disappointed in myself for getting exposed.
Me: *who has worked in nursing homes+hospital during the pandemic and might only be exposed because of her* I wonder why It doesn’t hurt but it depends on who does it. I don’t mind it, I had to get it every week for my old job They’re fools. I do them on old people and they don’t even blink It’s the “I can’t believe the government told me I have to do this” cry Gym rat: idk how I can spread disease in this building?
Building: sweat, heavy breathing, machines touched by everyone Thanks everyone! 🤗 Yay! I was supposed to get vaccinated tomorrow LOL @DaHomieDrew have you watched Grown ups? Good luck and be safe! Make it another movie we have to watch! Is movie night tonight? I promise to show up this time Omg is Fae a Adam Sandler fan too 👀 He’s a gem! mayhaps YES I will never forget when I watched Click cause it was listed as a comedy and I bawled my eyes out Even though I knew the ending Mean girls? Drew since you’re the host, pick a time NO Bad energy go away! They* but yes, it was a sweet reward lmfao fuck my life Guess Fae and I will be up til 1am again Shshhdhsb The instant reaction uh... I’m probably the most lucid I will be but I know Kyo can’t We appreciate it. Kyo, what time works for you? You know.. after showers and dinners that you and Drew need to do lmao, Fae. Our assess won’t be on til 11pm. I’ll just ping You enjoy your league game yes, you go metamorph yum me finishing a box on my own I love a thick crust with a crunch also; apparently that place I asked isn’t deep dish... it looks it but it’s a mix? Like NY/Chicago combo mhm, can’t wait to try it @Belbercike do your hw I feel like I missed something lmao https://tenor.com/view/patrick-the-star-working-my-ass-out-gif-16626415 This is why he rejected you ok that woke me up so I guess I’m ready for mean girls when y’all are My results came back as invalid lmao. I have to re-test. Game plan: go to urgent care and get a rapid test (hopefully) to just see what they quick results say to get an idea and then go tomorrow for the actual, nasal swab test so we don’t run into another invalid result. Thanks! I honestly just want to know at this point. I’m staying home obvi, but I’ll have to let my college/hospital know I need to quarantine and not having answers rn when talking to them is annoying. Only bright side is that before semester started, I asked them what happens if we get covid and they basically said if it happens, we quarantine and that’s it. So, now they gotta keep that same attitude I keep saying it’s a head cold but my sister called me and told me she was positive and I was at her house prior to this. Sigh... Lu is failing at life rn My rapid says I’m negative, the physician said “that don’t sound right” LMAO He basically said that the rapid was negative but I might still be a positive, so I have to submit the other swab for more extensive results I just wanna sleep. I have a headache. why are you kidnapping my children? guess what If we’re doing this trip I’M DRIVING y’all acting like I crash everyday? I’ve been driving longer all you fuckers combined This is a blatant lie I’m smaller than Viv and I don’t like that energy Gays can’t drive. I AM THE ONLY ONE WHO HAS BEEN DRIVING FOR 10 YEARS you will sit in the back seat, eat your nuggies and LIKE IT 24. We’re just built different It’s the way I’m sick and my sister is calling me to order and delivery KFC to her house I swear people don’t let me live in peace I feel shittier. Headaches and chills today. I also cough so much I yakked Y’all really just talked about everything I was inconclusive. I took a rapid and it was negative but the second swab is being sent out the physician thinks it was too early cause my symptoms are too linear and my exposure fits the timeline it’s whatever man; I can’t go to work tomorrow so I’ll be doing prof dev stuff. @kyo hw pals? Yeah, that was at urgent care. Tomorrow I’ll go to my workplace to get it done and if they say I’m clear, I’ll take their work for it. Who gets embarrassed? Embrace yourself. Embarrassment means there’s something wrong though. Nothing is wrong with any of you Who cares is you trip or if someone laughs? It’s not like no one hasn’t done something silly Btw this is not erasure from those who are introverted or suffer from anxiety. Obviously it isn’t easy said, easy done. I just like to remind people that judgement and criticism in these situations is a reflection of others and not of yourself. Open space for everyone ❤️ I think society raise us to be a certain way. I remind the kiddos that they don’t need to apologize for every little thing they do. I enjoyed sociology. I got to express my opinions and debate lol I thought aro was no sexual interest? Attraction does not have to be sexual? Oh, so I am backwards. Thanks for informing me. can aro be sex-positive but fear commitment? is that just commitment issues yay, thanks for the info fam. We don't cover these things in nursing school sadly. I try to be informed through friends and proper sources but I still get them wrong at times Hispanic culture: every time you go to a family gathering its a question on where's your man and if you're starting a family Me: *breathes*
Fam: I used to do the same thing when I was pregnant mhm toxic thinking. my family has betrayed me and caused me more harm than my friends now that we are talking about toxic shit my duty in my hispanic upbringing is to inform my kids they do not have to hug or kiss ANYBODY, especially not family, as long as they don't want. literally hated the concept since a child. sucker for wood besos as in kisses its spanish mhm men tend to suck but here I am a la straight solid. mood did he speak spanish? what is the female equivalent of himbo? dkjfhbkd so its me yikes viv does he say shawty unironically? I was gonna say lmao I get called babe but with an accent "baiii" "bayyyy" usually puerto rican its the best and worst thing you'll do 90% of all of them are momma boys mother in law from hell they'll never like you and always like the ex better YES mother in law: why don't you invite *insert ex name here* she hasn't been around for a while and if they got a sister? GAME OVER. she bestie with the ex and she will the relationship *cracks knuckles* drop the addy, don't be shy literally my main job as resident mom Me: *cuts my family off*
My family: *calls president Biden to insult me* I LOVE AITA hispanic gf crazy too a valid person, the sub's unicorn: AITA?
everyone: yes.
me: o.O mmm, enjoy those hot fries I'm eating coleslaw cause its cool night! fae, you have the floor babe oh nvm thank you uwu you were typing up something unless it was keybind lol share if you need to, want to, here or privately ❤️ we're here if you choose to. no pressure. I am sorry for all those negative experiences. You did not deserve that and I wish that those you trusted in relationships failed you. I love you hope you had time to talk it out and heal from it. take your time til you do cause its a process We experience and grow from it. Not the way I would wish it on anyone but you’re here today and still amazing To hell they went and can stay there @snowygurl80 Welcome! Head on over to grab some #roles and #color-role-channel to spice your name up did we vote? Lu pops off tomorrow or in the moment? yeah and then the gaming server decided to have yet another meeting what are we listening to> I literally can’t sleep. I am propped on 3 pillows and it’s still not a degree where I can breathe properly I’m sorry for your loss, Kyo. I’ve also lost friends to similar horrible circumstances so I can empathize with your pain and fears ❤️ Proud of you for taking the big step and getting your license. I drive by where I lost my friends and I get a glimpse of them or twinge of sadness like back at their funeral There’s the humor I was waiting for it Kyo... don’t forget you revealed your weakness earlier We know how to get you I know the other layer It’s your love for me ❤️ Yes. Yes I’d like to see you try The fact that you asked proves I’m on a different level https://tenor.com/view/angry-fist-arthur-%E6%86%A4%E6%80%92-gif-5794225 It’s my wifey ❤️ Hi babe. My hands are ready Just drop the addy Rae and I will tag team You share what you want to share. On that note... imma try to go to sleep. Don’t burn my server down, friends. I’d like to still be employed in the morning and ✨ negative ✨ covid test Voltra, both tests are important! Anyways I love to see it. :e_minor: Goodnight! You’re so silly.... Naughty They shoved that q-tip so far up my nose that there’s no chance this won’t be accurate I was gonna make that same joke but I expected Drew’s reaction from many Kyo go back to bed. The rollover has been completed. See, I just *know* boy, don’t act like I was the one that made the name I described the routine and it’s just been adopted 2.5hrs Gonna try to sleep some more now that I’m back home ❤️ Thank you, have a lovely day plz The weather kinda rough, so stay warm I love the office idk if this should offend me or soften my heart The location of what? good luck kyo! Never forget my dad was driving in NY all day after we did a trip. Literally all day. He asks me to drive back home cause it’s going to get dark and he can’t see well. I take the driver seat and drive and maybe like half an hour later I go “oh, we need gas”. He flips his shit at me about how I am so irresponsible and didn’t fill the tank when I started driving Sir... you’ve been behind the wheel for 8 hours. I literally just took it. Huh? Woo! Happy for you kyo! Hispanic homes, always have cash with you when you go out Family member: we’re leaving, want to come?
Me: to where?
Family member: doesn’t matter, yes or no? My nose is stuffy and I hate mouth breathing It dries my throat out so here’s to drinking 5 bottles of water Roger that. I have class from 9a-1p so I can’t wait for them to see me look all gross on zoom Just to fact check that I am sick lol We get credit for participating so here’s to ugly voice Teacher: anything you’d like to add Lu? Me: https://tenor.com/view/fever-sick-flu-parks-and-rec-everything-hurts-gif-5394213 I cannot begin to explain how much I love all your emotes They all make me smile Please do cause I know nothing about sims and I’m curious (ps, Drew needs to stream the next time he plays so I can pay attention this time) I literally asked you to teach me about the game and then realized WB was up so I started editing lol DO IT I want to see your interpretation of me BORING I do Weirdly I support it Exercise that creativity kyo watched a tik tok before he went to bed and now thinks he’s a genius Rhs....??? oh https://tenor.com/view/confusion-confused-look-questions-why-why-me-gif-17660966 there are differences??? Is this the thing you told me about when I asked what is the second app that opened up? When I downloaded this second app opened up and I asked what it’s for and you said to make games Amazing I’m gonna create Surviving High School No.... but I feel like it’s self explanatory lol Every time I see the hero & IL channels active I just sigh and ask myself what Drew talking about today Lmfao I love your dedication Share with me!! I’ll prob not have any criticism cause I am a newbie Enjoy me while it lasts I am out of class around 10am for y'all I have and I was gonna respond but general got locked for bad behavior. I will share my thoughts when I finish class. yes, all good students do The Twerkening The Dead: WAP edition zombie raeds I just got the call confirming I am negative ✨ ❤️ Omg I just realized that’s two people hugging I was on my laptop earlier when you first used it and I deadass went “why is he filming?” a relief that I can go back to work and no one at home needs to quaratine because of me love all of youuuu I am okay, cough and sneezy but I am in class rn I work 7a-7p tomorrow, gonna check in if they still want me to go in or just do weekend Shshkdhs Kyo congrats lmaoo Hip hip, hooray :ferretoblush: epiphany gone wrong while we wait for fae, imma go shopping gotta get some stuff for work why do I even bother lol I was like “lemme hop out real quick and buy essentials cause Fae will take I while” and they show up and said they’re ready lol True #rules-and-information has a section of how the bot can be used. It’s Thursday... LOL https://tenor.com/view/h%C3%A2m-frog-toad-frog-l%E1%BA%AFc-wiggle-gif-14557565 2 more hours to go! to be finish my shift lol when is your first day Kyo? I want to celebrate :elmofire: Lu is. She showered and is nice and clean. photo soon Kyo how long would your notes take cause I can volunteer but I'd have to leave after an hour or so cause I gotta sleep ok goob morning Fae is part of my family Can’t be Fae They’re spicy There’s evidence Fae might be spicy too I taught them well ❤️ I know y’all being serious But I feel like you’re making an anime joke 😭 Fae’s voice LOL Rae does your hair change with the summer? Like seasons? oooh; pretty. My friend was like that Family tree gene strong That’s my impact Kyo. We’ve been over this. Voice doesn’t mean much. Pretty sure I sound white to people uno reverse that shit :nou: Wait where was the fight initially? That’s so pretty!! I’m gonna have to find a photo after my shower but Viv and I prob have the same length But I layer my hair Me? Nvm post a private story in your uniform flex on your friends I don’t care. Flex on them *your* job Boy, if you don’t show off your damn job I’ll do it for you. I don’t need to try. :YellingWoman: Did you finish your quizzes? WAIT WHAT VIV WHAT Stellar. I expected nothing less anything else we gotta do? Vc tomorrow? I have to literally watch all of them tonight I have not watched a single tik tok since "you're so silly" and that's for everyone (sorry Viv) cdjnfhbjkf is it about being a bully? Voltra, I am eating! having some fruits cause I pulled a Kyo sounds funny brb have some fruits like me always Welcome! @Fishtybuns. visit #roles channel to grab them and #color-role-channel if you'd like to personalize yessir @red hot silly pepper do you have a capture card for your switch? I need a rec plz I saw you recommend the really expensive one lol if its worth it, I could... thx omg no rush, sorry to bother I was confused for a hot second Water upsets my stomach further, so I drink ginger ale That’s good too @faede @azula I got Apple! She’s adorable. I explored for the first time and she’s was there honestly... I told Viv when she first asked me to play that I withheld cause I feel like I’d either love or hate this game Here we are. .... when can I do this??? I’m on day #2 lmfao I’m just fishing and building Waiting for my house to finish 🥲 Hotness? YES Viv came and dropped off bags of money and clothes and left Sugar momma ❤️ Sugar forg Fae I need assistance If I travel more that one in a day, do I go to the same place I was before or a new place Yes For exploring Oh yay! That’s literally all I can do rn lol I need 1 more creature for my museum to open THAT WAS TRUE???? I thought it was a warning for kids I really thought like I would lose all stuff I left there but I thought they cycled the places :IDKher: @Deleted User welcome! Thank you for the info! Now I’m gonna Google all the types of fruit cause I didn’t know this I only got two coconuts when I went and then I saw that after I ate them it was a 2/10 badge Oop I can’t believe I just ran into a hot guy at the market I need to start dressing to slay Can’t keep doing this to myself lol I love you all to pieces. Enough time to relax before it I planted apple trees ❤️ how do we feel about Al??? Invite or nah? He looks funny lmao oop ok! LOL s t u c k Ah, thanks for sharing! Do we like Papi? LMAO A babe I know we've been friends forever, but now I think I'm feeling something totally new 🎶 hello How was zoom? I’ll maybe join but do your work first KYO I LEFT YOU HANGING Sorry You’re so adorable. It’s okay, I had to sleep. But I’m glad you all had fun OHMYGOD ITS MY WIFES BIRTHDAY!! Happy birthday beautiful ❤️❤️ WE LOVE TO SEE IT yes :))) I am in the mood for roblox WANNA PLAY ok I thought the trees in AC grew back... Imagine my sadness when I realized they stay as stumps lmfao @faede totally get what you meant now lol Momma Viv keeping me stylish! I’m literally on day #4 of this game. Just received it this past weekend so I have so much to learn and find! I can’t wait for that experience that’s about to be me! I waited so long to play this cause I knew I’d get addicted lol I lost a frog today :(( He went ribbit ribbit and I swung too early and couldn’t catch viv bby... Come back I promise to love you Guess Drew never waking up again Should I sit in there with you? I could help with that prob Drew is 0/2 with the jokes today funny how this is the story of your life oh that is not new Just like the remind you if your misery 😘 On the bright side, tomorrow is Friday! I didn’t say all that lmao you’re projecting I just said your life, didn’t specify how big or small You may still fight for the title I really should be sleeping but I can’t It’s gonna be hell later I don’t like depending on meds I am not going to have a good shift today. Rip. Viv, if you see any signs of the snake, call ASAP I totally didn’t respond cause I got swarmed but it’s just a busy day. All my patients have procedures and can’t go alone so I have to go down and wait with them. It’s horrible passing off the pager for coverage 5 more hours. Thanks 🥺 Counting down the minutes as we speak but soon I’ll be in a warm shower and getting ready for bed You’re all way too sweet rn I was just tired and cranky. I love you all 🥰 Y’all gonna make me cry Awww I bet it was a cute face I just got here I haven’t looked at any channels but this one since I was pinged I just looked, I was right. I’m curious The first thing I imagined you saying is Ed Sheeran but that’s basic, so I will punt you if you said it Go back to sleep kyo Oh nvm Have an amazing day at work! ❤️❤️❤️ You didn’t send me your schedule, don’t blame me Lol oh well shit. Good morning and make sure to eat something so you don’t pass out good vibes for Kyo ✨ are we doing OG or like cute older versions? like the tiny chubby cuties oh there's just aesthetics made of them as teenagers lmfao tag yourself. I'm blossom, Andra is buttercup, and Viv is bubbles wow big brain LMAO viv change your pfp now you said ppg I'm more of a totally spies bitch ADORABLE Sam viv is alex LOL viv gives off clover vibes because she's boy crazy like me but Alex doesn't get the jokes she's innocent and cute, but weird way of thinking they're both just lost half the time, I love it truth can I be mindy jnfhjks I AM COMING HOLD ON wtf ever who cares about *her* name come on Drew exactly she's me afdhbjfdk its me no one saw that lol the color of my name is slightly off and it's triggering me :redfield:  frrrriiiiieeeendsssss shaniqua? did anyone ever say you look like Beyonce? don't worry I handled it they don't exist Fae supremacy Fae™️ viv is now the boy next door show me your 6 pack go off, gramps suddenly I am an orphan :IDKher: FORG OH WRONG TIME TO SEND THAT I MEANT SOMETHING ELSE birb I was talking about Fae's pfp but Viv came out of nowhere with the crack its just saturated weird I married you didn't I? dkjfhk i love you ❤️ I HAD TO you set it up so well *covers Fae's and Drew's eyes* thank god Kyo is not here, running out of hands ilysm viv stop fighting with your pfp we are having fun pick a new photo! ..... an old childhood friend just hmu on messenger I'm scared. my fear I just said so uberbot we were besties we are still cool but just went different paths I am confused if this is serious or if pyramid scheme viv when people act up on general at 4am my resident insomniac google LMFAO https://tenor.com/view/bubbles-powerpuff-girls-mood-cute-gif-5216737 https://tenor.com/view/buttercup-powerpuff-girls-im-still-sleepy-annoyed-gif-14445246 look its andra when I ping her in NSFW this bitch messaged me cause her dad misses my dad njbhgvfcfghj yes its whatever my dad said its fine so I gave it what comes from it is up to them I worded that in such a weird  manner omg viv iv so soft pfp and hopefully eating how is your day?? do you like the place? LMFAO WHAT IS THAT SKFHJDKL I just harass him everyday for a flight cause a bitch needs to travel nothing huge lol it never takes a day off big footed kyo til you fuck up they grow up so fast 😢 Teehee Does Gulliver come and go? He showed up and told me to find the pieces and then disappeared the next day Not me wasting my time looking for a tiny shadow when he’s not even around 🤡 I want to restart this game cause I’m smarter now LOL yikes kyo, get new shoes now and yes, lukewarm water with salt leave it for another day do you have a basin? a tub? we love to see it Mickey Mouse over mitten! Cute Sure! Ping awwwww she hungry let her eat! happy birthday! I’M ONTO YOU Do it You always have a choice Just wouldn’t like the consequence of said choice Ask the brand she likes and the size/style You’ll be fine Close enough hmmmm chicken nuggies idk if its because I just don't *like* him, but my mom's bf has this thing where we enters the shower immediately after I finish. like literally seconds. it just so happens to annoy me more today cause sometimes I leave stuff in there from when I was showering, aka my phone or speakers, and it just drives me nuts that I can't step out for a second and then grab them cause he's suddenly just in there oh no doubt, its something I feel like needs to be addressed but I can't without starting a fight he does a lot of things that bother me. all reasonable Visiting the hospitals cafeteria for once Even when not trying, I’m a good mom lol 3 MORE HOURS Nurse is late!!! Good luck Kyo! Rock your shift I’m gonna brag about my 55 degrees. Sunny and warm. Thanks, I did nothing but suffer through winter for it. Stay warm!! New Among Us map premieres today! I’m so excited The air one yeah! Airship is what they’re calling it. Can’t wait to fake the wrong tasks hahaha It’s a free map that will be available for everyone today. Different time for the zones Mine is an hour away oh someone said differently but then I saw the OG tweet lmao. It made no sense in my head but I was like whatever Ray done messed with the wrong family 💀 go run off to your little blankey Andra will be in the corner of your room I’ll see you Freddy Krueger style https://tenor.com/view/sleepy-marq-spell-omari-hardwick-sleep-paralysis-gif-18655635 https://tenor.com/view/freddy-gif-7533841 You already are. You’re Landry. Lmao https://tenor.com/view/lion-king-gif-5973081 He’s baby I was 11 when Wall-E dropped. I made it a movie night with my niece and nephew shshsksdhsj BITCH YES I LOVED EMPEROR BEW GROOVE https://tenor.com/view/simba-the-lion-king-rafiki-hit-the-past-can-hurt-gif-5105506 Aladdin stan since day 1 Bro my photo of hot Jasmine in the red fit is still trying to load This damn grocery store wifi :/ Bye Voltra! You’re bright eyed and bushy tailed Fae snorts are adorable I’ve heard a snort and heard the little breathy chuckles You sound like you cover them up but I can’t tell if you do or you don’t like being loud I think you laughed out loud once and then suddenly tried to cover it @ them, I’ll fight ITS HERE AMONG US TIME Karissa and Megan 10 year old asses... square up OOOOO I saw you playing omg I love it I can in like half an hour ok ready to go on how do I do this Ready for round #4? I don’t believe in mercy 🥋🙅🏻‍♀️ https://tenor.com/view/dropkick-gif-10597666 I think I stopped caring about April fool’s long ago Someone said I’m a Slytherin. Let’s find out Boom ily idk what the differences are but I agree with mines I was so excited for Sox season opener but it’s been postponed due to shitty forecast Now I’m bored. it’s tomorrow now so not bad. got the day off I know some people @azula ily woo Bundle up Lots of layers and hot chocolate Are you more of a cocoa person? omg me I just assumed you did cause I’m in the minority ummmm... yummy, hot soup I love soup. Soup is v good white chocolate? They’re not naked lol Cookies n Cream ice cream is the best ice cream Andra today being a loser Not you stealing me joke 😂 I love it ❤️ Add a hoodie and another blanket I meant beanie No braen a cute burrito nom nom it’s me booty Arrrrgg Viv, Drew has a v important question we should make a poll on you submitted ? on our assets me vs Viv lmao I do. I ain’t forget bitch you do booty 😈😈😈 technically we didn’t approve it cause we didn’t want people to go crazy but it’s a valid question Fake news never forget drew invented maga You denied the maternity test :((( You were gonna be adopted! Omg stream exercise session I love squat A bitch can do 300 without a problem I got accepted into this nursing chapter honor society and I gotta pay $108 In fees Excuse me, I thought y’all wanted me lol I’m almost certain it’s because of robes and cords for graduation but it’s so pricey My last program waived my fees I did not receive this ping??? but do lmk when you're done :e_minor: yiz I got a cherry blossom tree ❤️ they're so pretty on my island kk mornin cuteeeeee We love to see it Yum I’m ready for my Antarctic expedition Among us so I can kill Andra Lmao I exploded Bet arzayleahh Time to try again at devil’s hour im expeditioning whatever the word it’s I love you, Viv. plz take care of yourself. I understand its not a good situation but the added anxiety is not good for you. wait hold on, back brace? @kyo why I was not, this is why I am asking! I read literally that part and want answers we still on this lmao lit good choice gerd do be a bitch yes I have a headache Im finally home and able to take meds for my migraine. Ready to be knocked out. I love you so much. Best news I’ve had all day hahah I can’t wait to play again Rigged triage !!!! https://tenor.com/view/peanuts-snoopy-peppermint-patty-fly-helicopter-gif-7375123 Kyo singlehandedly getting me to the pole I do something funny ONCE and you don’t let me forget about it lmfao :YellingWoman: Time out for all of you: owa owa KBBQ pics plz I want to see what I’m missing out on Brazi food is good if someone gets it for you. I don’t go to their restaurants but I eat when offered to me at work lol aaaaand I also had Chinese yesterday. Twinning! Have a great day! Going out about an two hours. The betrayal Omg I love OnShift. That app saved my butt many times uh... no idea but I’d ask if you’re allergic. Might have some kind of nuts probs not the time to ask but I’d like a past life reading lol Woo The bringer of truth. I was a smarty pants and spilled the tea and then got cancelled for it. I hate it here lmao All brains, no glory Some kind of prosecutor! Criminal lawyer maybe? I like debating and telling people they’re wrong. It’s so on brand What I say: debating.
What you hear: arguing This bitch I trusted threw me under the bus and now society hates me I really went from hero to zero Omg I love that You know which part of all of that I haven’t gotten over? I was a MAN. Pffft. I thought society liked that species but apparently not when its me 🤡 I bet I was white. This shit sounds white asf Confirmed: I am Thomas Mendez Unrelated, I fell asleep last night the minute my head hit the pillow so my phone is about to die lol It is! I feel so refreshed. I’m watching the falcon and winter soldier and then will go grocery shopping @kyo are you off today? It’s another day of Lu making a joke of herself trying to reach the South Pole Just ping when you’re finished Or if you need me to sit on vc I’ll join when I’m done shopping Go back to bed I can't rn, phone dead and waiting outside urgent care for my mom. this bitch thinks she got covid again. this bitch got it again not me getting covid tested AGAIN because of my family I literally remind them that I'm the one in and out of the hospital with people of all kinds of illnesses and diseases and yet they're the one who keep risking my health I'll go to the urgent care in about half an hour. they'll most likely do a rapid cause I'm close contact for exposure so hopefully results within 2hrs from now yup, they'll do both on the spot. if rapid is positive, the second one does not matter. if rapid is negative, second goes to testing just in case drop your covid test count- Lu is up in her late teens by now. literally can't drive cause she's an idiot, accident prone, and I took her car away. unless I drive her or her friend from across the street drives her, no. She goes out to buy grocery or necessities when I don't do it. aka I drive and she does the shopping while I wait in the car my mom is not fluent in english and an idiot. ||too many pills ate her brain away|| I didn't get it the first time cause I avoid her like the plague lol guys, I'm like 99% sure I'm fine. my mom is the queen of inconveniencing me, I'm not surprised she's broken all laws of science just to do it lol are you asking me for my number or telling me yours? I had to get tested every week in the rehab when covid was at its worst.  so that's.... 6x. I got tested 5x for personal reasons. 4x for job requirements. and I'm sure I missed a few in those counts yup, all nasalpharyngeal 😂 😂  its like a babies soft spot by now nah fuck that, I told her she's grounded. BRO THAT REMINDS ME I FUCKING GOT REGISTERED FOR MY VACCINE AGAIN I’m 0/2 with these damn vaccines 😭😭😭 No, this is my second time scheduling it because I was sick and got covid tested for exposure from my sister. You’re not allowed to Drew gets asked his age every week I swear It’s that forgettable lol Not at all What fandom?? Or was it OOC? No You look like a child hiding Jsdhhshsgd My friend does. She told me all about it lol I can’t say. She’s a pretty big blog I just pictured hostel LMAO I don’t know the meaning Drew: that’s disgusting!!! Barffff
Your mom: *slaps you upside the head* what does THAT mean? That’s enough excitement for you. Go back to hw yes Eat some food Good energy I don’t look my age. I think the older I got the younger I started looking When I was 16 I was sneaking into places, no IDs But that’s also because men like to prey so it isn’t a total win I get carded for cigs, alcohol, and entrance to clubs I hate it. but I don’t want to end or I’ll cry NOT THIS SHIT AGAIN Y’all got amnesia? Y’all been though this already They’re my moms. I’m a social smoker but I haven’t done it in years my entire childhood I miss those. Cool kidz only Hookah be bomb until it’s all burnt and you literally can’t catch your breath Taste like ass obv I like getting cross-faded so I be vibin Baby this ain’t no surprise. Let em know LMAO D E A D Rae and ass eating Andra a hahahahaha BRO I’m just a lone ass in this world full of ass eaters rip https://tenor.com/view/ant-get-antd-lol-get-anted-lol-spider-stick-bug-gif-18527552 okay but who is the queen? can kyo be the gingerbread LMAO It’s the way I’m picturing Donkey voiced by James Charles LMFAO I didn’t even realize Wait Burro! Just call me an asstronaut Kyo HOMEWORK NO NO. I will sit on vc and you can hear me speak to the dr during my test If I must. TAKE THAT DAMN BOT TO THE BOTS CHANNEL NOW. Shshdjsshsh I’m finna hunt for something alright @kyo do you consent? I’m still waiting for an answer https://tenor.com/view/tick-gif-18989390 vc while I do my test I’ll wear my AirPods lmao Drew.... lmao. :IDKher: Cute! Sam She fell for Tim Scam when he was Mac Smith and I love that dumb bitch energy https://tenor.com/view/weather-report-karen-smith-amanda-seyfried-mean-girls-gif-13814293 Jennifer’s Body is a cultural phenomena Which princess am I? Really? hmmmmm Those are two different people right there lmaoo I’m confused Is it plah-tone-ick or plah-ton-ick Drew is confusion. Omg siblings That’s a good one! I loved her https://ohmy.disney.com/quiz/2014/06/25/quiz-which-disney-princess-are-you/ Who??? uh... ok. Guess I gotta watch to find out if it’s true I feel like the question belongs in NSFW lmao Call it a hunch Nope. :)) I WAS RIGHT I hate sitting on laps, bony knees don’t do it for my fat ass and I can’t move around without causing problems @azula excuse me, you have a fucking *bleep* and I am not there??? I THOUGHT WE HAD SOMETHING SPECIAL Kyo is working oh lol um.... I actually don't know how his break works, if its scheduled or not but yes. take a decent break kyo Red Sox bottom of the 12th. I’m tired but don’t want us to lose lol 5-4 Rays. We are down to the last out Man on 2nd https://tenor.com/view/golden-girls-shocked-stunned-praying-please-no-gif-15042780 They’re gonna choke 😭 HIT BATSMEN I SWEAR IF THEY DON’T CLUTCH IT BALL. TYING RUN ON THIRD, WINNING RUN ON 2ND BROOO WE WON!!!! I can sleep peacefully now lol It’s me. BaBu, AVSP prob middle of the month, and then LOA SB if you’re VIP. I know I contributed to this convo but #choices-chat please 🙂 smh It’s too early for this bullshit I like how you ask that after the fact Learn to prioritize biatch Any askers, ^ idk know them like that Tell me who to be and I’ll do it Pretty little liars Testing Tested. WHTA drop it I want to see it lol My head hurts :/ Just my brain hating me You know what is a pet peeve of mine? People who flush the toilet with the door open. what is the reason? you flush with the door close Uncultured swine Kyo sleep @azula let’s share workplace sexism I’ll start, I was told to not throw bitch fit because I was being given 3x the assignment load than my counterpart I deadass quoted white chicks with a straight face I was mansplained my assignment even though I was the main worker in my position and they were the travel agent to help for the shift This one is because I am younger and female-
I was told off by my coworker to stop being a child because he left me with a entire unit of 50 beds alone to supervise while he took a break without permission and it was longer than intended. We get half an hour and he took an hour and a half He said the words “you are acting like a child. Will you go tattle someone else” I do appreciate that the one sexist manager of the floor took my side for the moment. He grabbed his wrist and removed it from where he tried to point in my face and then pushed him away from me. He told him “you need to learn to respect those who are more qualified than you. Especially when they’re correct. You’re lucky she is professional and respects boundaries because if this was any other 18 year old, if this was MY 18 year old, you’d be on the ground crying for HR. I want you to apologize and off my unit. You’ll be hearing from the Director tomorrow” I was told by a Brazilian how to pronounce thank you in Spanish appropriately. Sir... It was not the last time he spoke to me wrong but the second time and third time I cursed his ass out. He quit. Oh, he also was the reason a person fell and broke their hip and asked me to cover for him. I told him karma is a bitch and I’m gonna go for nap time since I’m a child. Lmao. I had a whole ass argument with someone because they told me I’m American. I explained that I am a US citizen but not American and he told me you can’t be one without the other. This man also had a green card when my dog runs downstairs to the dark, room I’m in by myself and stares at the corner Not today, Satan Cat: meow...
Me: what do you see buddy?
Cat: meow. meow. meow.
Me: *sees nothing and turns away* ok.
Cat: *meows intensifies*
Me: sigh..... I swore my entire life. Hispanics be wild. I was raised in a home where I challenged traditions and they allowed me to. I basically won all the fights. aka, the “I’m your parent” excuse wouldn’t work on me. I’d ask them to do better and they couldn’t so it would end there lmao I was literally active all morning and yall waiting til I was gone to go and ask? The audacity. Move the channels lol I would’ve done it while we were arguing in the dms about pfp LMAO I love bucky ok He a baddie SAME bring back the bangs 4hrs to go BET Kyo finna sound crisp Can I get home Like.... an hour? I will shower and be ready. STOP HAHA thaaaanks, I had a pt fall I checked on him every 10 mins, I put the alarms on, I made sure to take him to the bathroom every half hour and he still decided to yeet himself to the floor I forgot I have an am appt because my class schedule change. I’m so mad Appt at 8:45, class 11am-3pm Yessirrr Free after 3pm til Monday Antartica? Uwu I felt the need to fall off a ladder I'm treating myself to a breakfast sandwich for this hard week I’ve spent $430 on parking. Rip Being at the hospital 36hrs/week. We don’t get discounts, we were at discounted at the peak of covid. Now it’s back to usual rates. Hospital workers don’t get parking perks, pt and families do. Oop. I don’t want to work out the mess of a schedule doing train and shuttle. I am 45mins away and don’t want to lose more sleep or arrive at incorrect times One day I’ll try it. I’ll take the Fenway line 😂 asdjfhf Happy sushi ❤️ homophobic chicken get Chicken biscuit? lol I said it to my friend once because I was channeling your spirit and she knew immediately She got a good kick out of it ALSO KYO. I AM ADVANCED BEGINNER NOW I think I can do this!! Drew had to carry me on his back at the end cause a bitch was stressed and lost Rashon saw me close to the end and ✨passed out✨ I was so hesitant because it sounded like a trap! https://tenor.com/view/basically-well-i-mean-shrug-told-you-so-gif-15342566 Uwu @faede uwu Uwu I’m hungry I have officially cancelled my vehicle and turned it in. I am big sad. ❤️ its unregistered meaning its not mines, I gave away the rights and now they get to do what they want with it. trash it, fix it and donate it, etc me fully paid off for years no registration, no plates, no title. its theirs now. don't lose your cars, kids lol its fine, I am just moody that my first accident is a total loss I'll get over it once I buy my new one I can’t wait to get home and do antartica again. Dab dab dab oop I have an appt at the bank in 30 mins, should be no longer than 45mins total Grrrrr Good luck at therapy ❤️ Thanks! I’m just withdrawing cash but this bank still has all covid restrictions in place rough In honor of my child, I got homophobic chicken sandwich it’s my first time having it it’s okay, I expected something better Fae, how long does the bridge Tom Crook wants me to build take? I already made it but idk where to place it can I move it if I don’t like the place this game is so annoying still love it though wooo right at 5pm fae may you help me choose a location i am struggling kk thanks! I am trying to connect my capture card but I can't my ears are itching I'm sure somebody elses is too HAHAHAHAH' you: rant about choices
offended player: this you? *pulls up posts on your GI issues* NOT US MAKING THE SAME JOKE BUCKYYYYY THIS EPISODE IS SO GOOD YES Yaaay! mornin oop, they were singing the song of their people I keep forgetting you have so many thats a lot but I can imagine the cuddles if they like it my friend had 3 and I loved just sitting down with all of them awwww adorable what are the names? idk if I've asked before I love all these names lolli and mango ftw sorry to hear! Gonna break down my bed and arrange my room because it’s just one of those days Hawt Bye kyo! Good luck at work I got myself pizza to treat myself It also came out half off because the kid mistook today as Sunday and gave me the Sunday sale Just cheese. I need comfort food. They make sweet sauce and it’s one of my faves Do you like it everywhere or a fave spot? I don’t mind it but I haven’t found the place that does it just right aww, its the effort that counts! I hope for a quick recovery ❤️ Uber or walk Oop Oh lol Need some company? how far up is your window? are we climbing tru Do you want an exact amount or an idea? $5-$10 is what I suggest and you can decide depending how far and rough the ride is for someone next time you plan to use Uber, see if I can give you one of my promo codes Yup!! I think lyft is a few dollars cheaper but it depends on the demands of others nearby and the time Yeehaw Mic??? happiness? soul? YAY :((( Hugs and pats Lots of snack I love sushi. Sushi supremacy It’s the first time where I see Sushi has thoughts Ouch Did you remove it? shame mooorning eating pizza, yummm cheese comfort food there is this bomb buffalo chicken pizza at the bar next to my house but they open late so I decided to get this i'd ship it to you if I could insta ship like some shoot that teleports atom by atom to your end the rich would have a field day oh, I usually buy all my pizzas on specials. might be worth the drive if you search for some spots that offer them SMART HOUSE I LOVED THAT AS A KID cursed toilets, can't you tell? ohmygod Fae this movie is killing me 😂 I hope you see this cause I’m dying rn Where is this? Lmao Is this cardi b skddjdhshd You’ve gotten your fair share huh lmao lmao Again, y’all acting like I get reported to know this Keep flexing 😂 Dear Mr. Hampton.... I am a white woman Kshdhshshd LMAO Viv, don’t be shy. Tell us what you said 👀 I know for sure she said more lol I’d be disappointed if just those two words did it. Might as well go all out Not the acid trip FAE How did you pay attention to us throughout all of this?? Shame Let. Me. Have. This. Body If I knew the movie was this good I would’ve disconnected you so you can enjoy it properly ohmygod the karaoke you ever ||made love|| to a Mexican skdhshsjdh I can’t wait to force my friends to watch this. I’m having such a good time MS FINE Jared 🥺 MS FINE PURRING AT THE WRONG PERSON OHMYGOD the poor girl hahahaha I was today years old when I learned that Molly is Jonah Hill’s sibling RIGHT her name is beanie are they’re related Same! I always say the same when I see her and I like that they’re both funny but play different characters it’s a good way not to be compared Uncharted right?? What a baddie Yours is more wholesome. My friend was playing and asked me if I knew the voice actress was from bad teacher LOL I was like this is not Cameron Diaz Okay I finished the movie. 11/10 would recommend to a friend. I’m forcing my niece to watch this next time I babysit hahahaha Why are they all taking water balloons to the face?? That shit hurts It hit my shoulder and bounced to my face and it stung I try to be really good at not getting hit and doing the hitting I’m a good auntie lol the kids like that I don’t go easy LMAO Yup! Catch me at those inflatable jumping places My nephew: idk why my friends even try to roast me, they should see you at dinner What a joke Smh I watched it on my own cause Fae watched it yesterday on their own and recommenced it. It’s Booksmart, super funny coming-of-age Buuuut we want to watch 50 shades of grey tonight. Join us queen lmao Kyo said they’ll watch it if Rae joins There’s a lot of parts to this 😂 boo You still gotta do your hw tho Is the website free? I want to try the simulator I miss sociology. I’d take that course every year if I can I prob can join later SHUT UP I REMEMBER THAT GAME I wanted to play it but then I realized it cost money so I did not but it seemed cool cute people unless I am confused, I think this was on pc? before switch 1) check confirmation email/receipt to see if it has tracking code, or says when you should receive it.
2) Contact customer support if its something that is not on there or if its past due Check junk mail too. Sometimes it’s one of the other.

I do hope it all resolved one way or another hun! Happy birthday to your mom, I’m sure she’ll love it, late or not 💞 I took a allergy med that’s supposed to make you drowsy thinking it’ll help me sleep some more hours It didn’t work What time is the interview and what time is work? how important is this for your assignment and how much do you care to meet with them? I’d confirm that you’ll get the interview for your project and then call work and say you’ll be an an hour or two late oh, so confirm the interview and request to leave to do the assignment and then return Ask them what they prefer- if you don’t do the shift and pick up another day or if they’re willing to let you leave and come back. If you’re able to bargain, I mean. Don’t you have the scheduling app? Maybe it can be requests through there Mine worked like that That’s really cool. I’m happy to hear they invited you and I hope it all works out Yup. I’d personally call and tell them the situation so they’re aware but that’s up to you. I only do it so they don’t think I’m just taking the day off short notice + you don’t know if someone has approached them hoping to pick up there gotta be another person in that position lol. If there isn’t, owners prob take the duty themselves I TOLD YOU it’s a good day bois I’m almost certain that is being done now You received it?? Yaaaay! good! I have the sudden urge to chop off all my hair a good 8inches I need to see if my aunt can do it My hair needs to be rejuvenated and I need freedom from neck pain I leave yall for 5 minutes what is it now also... I hate sharing a car. Take me back to when I didn’t have to do this 😭 no, not when you’re me. Awesome suggestion. I’ll do it in your honor Another day in the life of Lu You jealous? It’s the way you all always want to talk about me when I’m driving I AM STEALING A CAR @DaHomieDrew @Andromeda sharing a car with family. I have to play Uber now that I took one of the cars back for the time being they’re very passive aggressive with the way they request it and I want to drop kick them My car my rules, their car.... still my rules but more inconvenience like my dad texted me at 8am: when you have free time, I need the car because it’ll be raining this week.
Me: .... I work 4 back to back 12hr shifts.... you gotta use it now or you won’t have it back til Sunday. Dad: no rush.
Also dad: why didn’t you give me it? Now THAT’s a story Pedal to the floor is the only way to drive lol FYI, I do all the favors for my family. Drive everywhere- pharmacy, grocery store, regular ass stores for whatever it is they want. But when it’s my car, obviously I chose when and how. When it’s my second car, I gotta drive them to do it or hand it over it’s a big difference I’m laughing so hard rn Who filmed me?? Caught in 4K The amount of times I’ve been told this is me is hilarious I do be on 2 wheels they’re stalking us trying to find more ammo If you don’t drive stick, you can’t talk to me 👊🏻 see, y’all don’t *drive* drive. Talking all that ish. I love stick. So easy and keeps you attentive. I just feel so comfortable where I live there’s so many hills and it’s hilarious seeing people struggle I always have to groan when I’m stuck in the middle And then if you’re me, a female, you have an asshole behind you too close to let you roll back to shift I always rock my car for that reason HAHAHHAH I can’t afford to do that rn. I’ll be all out of cars Driving lessons with Lu and Rashon ep.1 drops Saturday He hasn’t agreed lol Need some time to think? Ya in all seriousness, I recommend everyone to know. It comes in handy. My kids are all going to start off One of the few good traditions in my family Tokyooo dryft hahahaha I’ll watch them all and still think they’re ridiculous I’m waiting for them to fight thanos they said Tony pick your best car and see who got these hands Vroom vroom He’s filming today Gotta do some press release. Drama. Demon slayer fam Picked by yours truly We finna get educated today it’s the fomo for me 😂😂 who is nezuko... cutie! do you buy physical copies or have an app where it’s published? Y’all see a mom and just slap my name onto it I love it Yup! I think my kids use that website... but if they use a different one, I’ll find out and share OH. Nah. Niece and nephews. They range from teens to babies. They’re my babies They call me mom. Hush. Whatever your butt exactly. The whatever cancels out Math It’ll be later because you know.. baseball Depends on how well they play lol Let’s just say... 3hrs? It’s been cancelled. I’m all yours because of what is being talked about in #current-events-talk litty get a snacc too water he sees the big ole republican sign outside mkfnjbhkl :YellingWoman: I accidentally called the siblings on messenger because I was messing around with my phone screen unlocked :e_minor: Disappointed. I would say that if I was joking but the stuff that I read here? Not funny. You’re fine, Firework. Please don’t apologize. I know it’s a gut reaction but you don’t need to do it when you’re not in the wrong or if you don’t even know what happened ❤️ Mixed messages? It was a question but do you lol Seemed like you wanted to share Very common and not at all surprising when many people here don’t *know* each other. We read things based on how we picture or expect people to be saying it. Even assuming the way it’s said. Reminder, to everyone, that there is no problem asking someone to clarify or to use different word to explain. I’m a busy woman but also a very loved woman. I peaked in life. I love you too Viv. Thanks for the Seb meme wifey. I love you Fae, in case I haven’t said it today lol Drew, love you too, grumpy ass. I have a couple of weeks left before I get transferred to my next unit. Oop WHO POSTED THE SEBASTIAN PAPI CHULO GIF WHERE IS IT @Andromeda helppppp Fae ily Wanna see the whole thing? I found it I am giggling like crazy https://twitter.com/oocstackie/status/1375237389296283648?s=21 I would say something snarky but it’s not even that far up 😭😂😂 I looked everywhere else but here He was so proud Wanna know something devastating? It might not hit you as hard as it hit me but... he’s dating a Spaniard right? He commented under her photo “tu eres mi ola” ...... translation is “you’re my wave” Sjdhshshhs Kyo rich I would gladly lose to sushi yes, but that's a given for me lol I guess I missed out huh oh well, thanks for sharing with the homies Rashon. I got checked out by a hot construction worker who is building the new hospital extension. I hope that means today is a great day Hot guy smells so nice. Love at first sniff lmfao @DaHomieDrew I forgot to tell you this but one of my patients speaks Mandarin and whenever he stretches HE DOES THE THING. I LOVE HIM. What topic am I changing? I’m just speaking about nice smelling men and a cute patient I gottttt DREW HE DOES THE THING THE SOUND WE MAKE ON VC WHENEVER ITS QUIET no no no ... the aiiiiyaaahhhh LMAO YES I literally bite my tongue to not do it with him cause it’s a habit now I don’t want to offend My children spoil me. I’m a happy mom Lmao I love that I just realized that my 10 year graduation reunion is in 4 years. Sjdhdjdkdb why am I so old My old friend messaged me cause he’s doing the planning and asked me if I’d go. I will, but like, thanks to social media and all that I know what’s up. Half of them were pregnant back then and they’re pregnant now lol Hush! We’re basically the same lol Back then it was a formal invitation and people would only find this day to catch up with old friends. Nowadays it’s prob just to brag and talk about the others who aren’t successful honestly I’m just going for the open bar and hear cool stories they share not me y’all, I would NEVER 💞 I need your updated schedule Once you get it their sammich slaps Oof Class is over and I'm tired rip y'all didn't know what Kyo meant every time they used the term? lmao maybe that's why I didn't use it... lmao I love being evil that's more than enough he says it on vc too no one believes that, you respond way too often :Bonk: I am a PIBLING gimme a sec what is this test for? watch mine be like next week its not next week but def younger than I anticipated. sigh. nice color change meds and sleep I’m suspicious lmao I’m guessing you said nothing but autocorrect it’s snowing here. I don’t wanna go outside :(( Getting moderna tomorrow lmao I didn’t butt into that discussion. Idk what convo y’all had there when scheduling and how that decision was made 🤷🏻‍♀️ oh man, hope it goes well I gotta go to the dentist since my appointment changed due to the pandemic I also need to schedule my wisdom tooth removal Interesting hey bby :6666_chickheart: It was fun in a hectic way. My preceptor called sick so I was with a different nurse. It’s nice being with someone new and doesn’t know me and they tell me that I’m settling well on a difficult unit based off today I had to run down to a procedural room and help out with a code purple. It means an aggressive/combative person. They were naked and trying to escape I knew I should’ve given you that snickers bar someone in this server I am in is a covid antivaxer its about to go down idk how you can think covid vaccine doesn't work but willingly get the flu shot bro..... they're the same idc if someone chooses not to, its their choice, just don't say its a myth KYO I WILL DRIVE TO YOUR HOUSE DO NOT REMIND ME and one I will do to refund you it's okay to feel like that Adam, you can be annoyed or disappointed, or the like. that's how you feel. rae, I'm on your side. kyo won't take my cash GUESS WHO IS DONE ASKING IMMA SHOVE IT IN THEIR PIE HOLE not if your mom does it :cooldoge: omg cuuuuteee I hope you like the book *laughs in New England* I had snow today snow, hail, and rain I don't mind it much if I got a remote starter but since I gotta go out to warm the car, I was upset I’m still waiting for the fault I won’t MC until you let me pay you back :3243_SquidwardPoo: I thought those were hearts my bad LMAO it’s poop Pink poo Hw first yuuuuuummmmm enjoy kyo Good for her! Ayooo Boston!! Omg hiiii Busy like hell but good, thankfully. Hope you’re safe and healthy ❤️ Hell yeah! Welcome @Hell-Volhard, don’t forget to grab some #roles. im sleepy :kr_zz_SquirrelTired: kyo was a sweetie that makes me uncomfortable and I can’t explain why :OMEGALUL: You and Tom Holland both Uh.... hello?? Who are you lmao THIS IS WHERE MY HARD EARNED MONEY HAS GONE?? Eat the rich Hold on, I’m negotiating the k e y c h a i n Best thing I woke up to Mine are under my eyes, high cheekbones. I think others have it closer to bottom of nose I got hw, might hop on later if I can I have a presentation lmao I get to choose, think I’m gonna do on a heart procedure that many of my patients had Don’t touch me, I’m fabulous every time I gotta do a damn dressing change 😭 Me I am here baby I’m never far Hey now, the only person shaking their ass and kicking rocks is me https://tenor.com/view/children-demolition-fail-fall-funny-gif-7705638 Me Why is no one laughing at what I sent. This is so funny That child was airborne Sjdhdjd mom must’ve been like wtf I love kids in inflatable parks, so funny https://tenor.com/view/pfsf1968-shoot-off-bounce-off-funny-kid-gif-17742100 God: https://tenor.com/view/god-fist-bump-handshake-secret-gif-14610770 my friend at the local hospital had a patient arrive in a uhaul because of how severely obese they are holy shit its a moving truck babe I could've just clarified lol there's many sizes to them but yup.... not this bitch ignoring me sdjnhbfhhfk I tell her to fix her photo and she acts like I'm dead to hher @Andromeda te peleo ahora o mas tarde? you have no guts say it with your chest sigue llorona I answered you but you also haven't done your hw hm its spam I received a lot of them mine was scarier mine was like "*insert name here*, your scheduled delivery for *insert address here* will arrive tonight on *insert date here*" drew, fuck off it full named me, I was like wtf no one calls me that nom nom I don't see queen must be imagining it whats a peasan don't make me tell Lin Phan to attack you again brrrr I have a legit question who here eats or has ate a wet burrito yes ohh thank god I love all of you my friend loves it, its a burrito with a salsa on top my taste buds hate it no the salsa makes it wet but I don't like soggy food my stomach turns every time she mentions it bro I asked her what makes it wet we all had the same question like why ????? that looks like soup welcome @chlx grab some #roles and have some fun charging but its diva, jitters, apple, and papi I am missing one but for the life of me I can't remember who it is and I have not seem them again ADAM SHOW ME THE FORG apple papi jitters diva Sndjfbhk mask! we stan a lazy doctor? perish the thought lmao I swear I thought I invited Annalisa but the bitch is missing I got offered Al but y'all said no so I gave him the boot a leaf??? interesting YES IN YOUR MOUTH LMAO NO I can't find the third person I tried to check on my phone but idk how to do it fuck, lemme turn it on how do you do this nintendo app.... cdjvbfhkv I'm doing it babe invite me lmao I wanna see this I'll bring Kyo, just bring the bat xcbzdhvxjkcs I am lost Annalisa is too bro :(( watch it not be annalisa maybe you right cat This didn’t age well Where tf has Ava been? My chicken is missing She hasn’t been home in weeks. GOLDIE I need to build a campsite for a concert iron nuggets here I come you don't have to babe can save them how do you know they're mean? mine don't say shit LMFAO URSALA maybe ava is hiding from the crackhead I made them side by side plots jdskfhfks I didn't knowwwww bro did I tell you that I visited an island today all it had was rocks literally rocks. what did I do wrong yes I hit all the rocks, it gave me clay and nuggets no money I tried to go finishing and find people but the island was one big circle with the four rocks at the top so I smashed them all and left lmao no fossils, not new fish, no villagers, nada I felt played viv I am using your last nook ticket, you proud? no..? why yes.... I am doing campsite for the concert K.K or whatever is name is yeah, I'm only traveling to find new iron nuggets cause I need like 15 and have 6 I didn't know about no new villagers appearing so that was helpful I really just went to an empty island and felt like Tom Crook set me up sdjfhdk I love you viv thaaaanks I love the parting message very heartfelt I'm afraid Ava won't come home til I relocate her djhfbdkdflmv I placed her next to Jitters and never saw her again HAHAAH I looked everywhere it’s been a week “I’m out of the house- Ava” Skdhdsj bitch I know I’m offended on Rae’s behalf just think of your interactions/relationships with everyone.

If you’re down in the dumps and need to be talked off the ledge, who do you go to? Who do you ask for help if you need it, even minor favors because you know they can handle it or do it right? Categorize into close friends, internet friends, etc Rae is emotional, I feel. strategic would be like work friends, people who can help you in the future, maybe old classmates or professors Taskmaster I have no idea you can write on that, maybe you think that everyone you form a relationship all have the same role in your life, no matter how varying the degree is. Speak on that. I just think what purpose they serve you, as rude as that sounds. do your kyo thing and switch it around you did it with that one project That’s called not conforming Link my Twitter lmfao bye! Have fun! ADORABLE my heart! for that cool system, I don’t blame him lol I’ll send it! Just normal wood? I got plenty we love to see it the audacity of this bitch Sjdhdjskdb Y’all so mean to me I just want to be useful :(( the hateful kind Sent! What’s it look like oh no I don’t work tomorrow homie smh I am hereeeeee wait wrong time to send that false alarm I was gonna say something.... but I forgot wth big sad oh wait wrong person sdlkaqfklshfsfjl anyways big sad its the final countdown!!! OH I REMEMBER @faede @azula Ava came out to see me. I guess she only likes the nighttime? the best time to have it I spent all day trying to find this hoe and she pops out when I sent Viv wood there's a lot you've missed... like my wedding consider yourself lucky that you haven't met the dear old wife she's on time out soooo :MunchlaxMunch: Hello fresh gang! Yes! On tumblr Her account is pretty known Migraineeeeee love you Fae, hope tomorrow is better ❤️ thanks, I have to start carrying my pain meds with me so I can just treat it when it comes on here. Just to lessen it Good luck on your shift! Eat those chicken tendies great job! Sleep lol Morning to you I am alone on a floor with 3 patients and I’m going to scream. This is the not busy and worst time to be left alone! Who decided I was trustworthy? 😭 :DeerScreamSad: My mood today Today has been a nonstop shit show I appreciate the kind words and I wish I could vent but sadly I can’t talk about my day without giving pertinent information. It’s hard but I either have to talk to someone here to share my frustrations or just swallow it. Here = hospital more specifically, the unit. Overall, my personal grievance is that my preceptor is so backward. She either trusts me and thinks I’m great or she’s distrusting and has little confidence in me. It gives me whiplash because sometimes I cover my ground to give her nothing to nitpick and then she acts like I’m wasting time at the computer for no reason and the other times I just hit send on whatever I have to do and she questions me why I didn’t take a second I know the common sentiment is that if someone believes in you, they’re hard on you but I think it’s total bullshit at times. No matter what potential you see in someone, you’re not allowed to be a dick. Anyways, break time is over and back to the cool and collected Lu. Adios Hope everyone has a great day Can I live there? Hmmm, depends on my mood. If I’m feeling my usual self jungle, if I’m feeling like I felt today, I would take the ocean Imagine you get teleported to a certain plan based off your emotions Amazing KYO 🧜‍♀️ If I don’t collapse from exhaustion on Thursday, you can force me to get familiar with the server Promise. I won’t be available this weekend cause I’m driving to NJ for my cousin’s baby shower omg plz share My fave Woo! That’s Portuguese, pretty sure but it says liquid soap at the bottom Scented oil ? I love this lmao Y’all didn’t see that original comment lmfao I’m tired Are you asking is I used? I worked with Brazilian’s for years and the language is quite similar to Spanish so I picked up on stuff Some of the dialect is super close to Spanish that I can basically guess what the proper pronunciation to a word is just by looking at it or relating it to my knowledge Why would you Google soap? It’s just soap lmao LMAO One second, I’ll do it Wait Viv When someone says liquid soap.... isn’t that usually just hands? Like I’m pretty sure all stuff says liquid soap and then specifies if it’s anywhere else I think it’s for dishes first, and then slowly make my way up the body based off what it says It’s for hands Based off my Amazon link Oh my god It is Italian. I fucking hate it here. I need to go to BED. I still think it’s gentle dish soap I blame sapone for my confusion Literally all the words blended in my head to languages I recognize LMFAO Viv back tf offfff Sadly I recognize this ratchet one Friends I want to go to the baby shower but I don’t want to drive Dilemmas Actually, scratch that. I don’t care for the baby shower, I just don’t want to flake lmao I’m bias but ever heard these mofos say some raunchy shit? It sounds sexy asf Listen to Bad Bunny and you’d understand Drew is a foot ^ Drew fuck offff Wrong channel It’s a video Drew So nada? ❤️ Viv is ignoring me so yea Ily See how you quoted you? It for gossiping ANHIRO NO thank god I can tell by the link, I don’t want it It’s me bitch and I’ll say it again not you once again not minding your business learn some manners let’s see what your parents got to say after I call them I’m a queen, always sitting. those tiny little bralette shirts? Fucking wish. I am on a break. My preceptor decided to take a long one and I’m enjoying it @kyo you work today? are you on when I’m off? awesome I have to stay up a little today to work on my presentation for tomorrow so I might hop on vc for that awesomeeee, enjoy your time off pay day are the best alr gotta go I’ll see Fae at 8ish, see Kyo and the rest at 5ish thanks babes, hope everyone has a good day I thought it was a funny joke but alas, Drew made a mistake Brrrr Don’t gotta tell me twice zoom zoom PLAY D&D that’s what I started! Experience it with me I watched the longest ride and then played BSC It was a good time That’s cute! My friends and I are in the same college but different courses and we help each other through it all One hour left WOOOOO I can’t wait to see the MC server The cheesiest I need assistance I’m gonna map out my schedule and I need opinions on whether I’m a psycho for attempting this or not I’ll do this on vc So there’s no proof of this convo brb shower Do character pasta taste better I don’t eat really eat M&C but people hype it up ^ Andra Someone gotta make it for me! Also Rashon, I ain’t forget you never shared your philly cheese Rude. Good, put her to work. Can you at least tell me if you eat it with the works? Shdhdjjd I just got here they’re dancing!!! hush Ray. NO, you let the pasta dance! Kyo respond to my apology thx I WORKED TODAY FUCKERS don’t start rumors! Bacardi staff you a henny drinker? I don’t mind it but it’s not my go to you know what tastes like hell but my older friends like? Remy Martin I always force myself to drink it cause I won’t tap out lol omg share next time you wear it Vodkaaaaaa I drink anything, I probs would classify myself more clear than dark but anything goes Beer is a must Bitch that’s cognac ain’t it what’s cheap to you? not Rashon saying they like vodka but named a cognac 👀 brandy sesh oh, I pictured hard seltz for some reason Eh, who needs all that fruit flavor? I’m iffy White claws do hit the spot when you’re vibing I’m good at handling it, but sometimes a girl forgets to pace herself I’ve done the 1 tequila, 2 tequila, 3 tequila.... FLOOR My friend like to talk about the time I left a 3p-11p shift and showed up to her bbq/bday party and I tried to catch up and fell on my ass outside My white scrub pants were not happy I think I was texting and looked up too fast I want to try that, sounds like a challenge I’m gonna say fork I used to know cause my bro’s gf taught me Haven’t used them in years so I prob need to relearn morning! Good luck on it and hope it’s educational You should’ve seen which version of education I almost sent... I swear I’m losing my ability to speak Yum, enjoy! ANDRA it’s the fucking way Andra always responds to the wrong person You hurt me :/ oh no don’t apologize go back to sleep I know, that’s not good Sleep more I’ll join you _._ I will be there in spirit Don’t fall Drew is blind and deaf LMAO your opinion does not matter It does. It’s law. Queen shit I am the judge and executioner, try me ohmygod HARAMBE? I love that kid Hope he’s having a good day :ASfacepalmmio: Andra I love you but go to sleeeep omg the name is back ❤️ Bro I’ve literally been on most of the day despite work how do you even miss me? Can’t even try She knows she can win and so she’s going for Godzilla I wake up early but I don’t like it when others do lmao. have a good day though She don’t look like me Maybe during the summer and back to ombre hair Drew, your ass did not say that when you wake up late if not for school I do! I love waking up to natural light and birds It’s the PR in me Waking up to the doodle doos I consider 7am late Fae is a 10am person aren’t they Woo! Okay but the wake up and go back to some easy rem is a blessing SUSHI Speak your truth babe! I hate when I can’t and I just lay there going through the last thing I remember trying to motivate my brain sad I wake up before my alarm, like 10 mins before People who actually wake up with an alarm scare me How do you just get startled awake and go about your day? I have it on for time concept So I know how long I’m taking I CANNOT USE A SONG I twerk in bed and then hate it the next day shdhdjsh I’m a college student who is the head of household... I don’t buy shit from IKEA When I afford my own home I will shop there For now, I window shop Can I bring you to mines? Road trip Across two states lmao Drew has spoken about his bro? he doesn’t do specifics lmao Oh there we go I just know cause of that name on MC alright, for 5 hours to sleep Goodnight! it’s the way that I’m the neighbor lmao I love music but I try to be considerate Update: idk if I’ll be able to do my presentation. Time is flying and only 3 people went lmao We got 8 more to go Thanks friends Can’t wait for this to end I walked outside and it’s cold asf and I’m asking myself why and then a snow flake falls on my cheek :CB_laughing: I volunteered at the hospitals for the baby born to addicts cuddle program :Snuggle: They’re hyper sensitive and only settle with cuddles and feeding time. It’s very helpful to them, I loved every second of it Oh, we had scandals in all the years lol ||Sex tapes||, pregnancies, ||murder||, etc wilding queen shit I think by the time I graduate I lost 3 friends. And then graduated and lost another one in the summer s p o r k s thank you, I still think of them when I drive by the places. LMAO https://tenor.com/view/vampire-little-kid-child-fangs-gif-5278255 Sorry for your loss my friend was in a ward and told me that they would have those group therapy sessions and the stories cracked me up Oh to be a fly on the wall did they win?? 👀 Coincidence I wanted someone to say “I think not” lmaoo Lu has a migraine so she’s gonna rest Ping if you need me Have a good day everyone I love you too, Viv. I have officially been scheduled for my first overnight. I want to cry Who in their right mind wants to work 7p-7:30a Not ME I do 3 consecutive 12hr overnight shifts rip just look at my schedule and cry with me I did one overnight in my life, 11p-7a and I clocked out and went to the track to jog. I didn’t sleep again until 3am.... This is a disaster training and internships suck, but they’re worth the experience and open up better opportunities. slippery slopes I can if someone switches with me, but it’s designed to be a schedule with rotation that everyone follows. I don’t want to be the person who complains We appreciate it. There are some phenomenal communication between doctors and nurses on my unit and it truly feels like a team. It minimizes all our stress and ensures quality care for the patients they invite us to their rounding where they discuss the patient and goal of care and its just so helpful to know what will be done and how I can do my part to ensure it goes smoothly toxic cultures are everywhere, sadly. hope your experience improves ❤️ I am happy to hear! I will try to share more positive and amazing stories I've heard/experienced they make everything worth it Free this weekend, I decided not to do the crackhead thing Tomorrow! Do you have hw? Get it out of the way so we can just mess around early Okay, great! Almost time to celebrate Chips and sandwiches are the combo that will always satisfy me No fair! Fae and I don’t have In n Out Ugh I really gotta go on that cross country road trip you joke but you’d miss me if I never came back to this server adios folks It’s been real Suddenly Kyo loses a mother Sike, Kyo is stuck with me Don’t underestimate how stubborn I am I will knock on every door if I have to Okay and? I’m legal. Try me bitches I got pepper spray and mace Eat your words :KiriMhm: 1:12am east coast I like the ones of kids drawings one kid drew their mom, a pole, and a stage jdhfkdhfg IIRC she sells shovels lmfaooooo yup, fucking love it when I used to pick up my friends who worked at a day care, I would sit in the classroom while they packed up and kids sit down next to me eating their goldfish and out of the blue go "my dad in jail:" like do tell, Jackson. school age kids are the best, "my dad is having a baby with his gf... mom does not like her" I love the tea dhjvfskd oh boy i know where this is going' THERE IT IS one of my favorite stories:
my mexican friend's mom always talks about white people and how dirty they are. always said that white people get lice and shit, well.... she moved to the states when she got married and guess who got lice LMAO I can find them, I am good at this stuff me people can find all my accounts, all but one is active and just barely one of the best and worst things about my looks never changing is that people who ever knew me recognize me its kinda awkward but flattering dream analysis? like, certain themes in dreams say something about you emotional/psychological status if you believe it, hit or miss tbh I said sleep, I meant dream that's the confusion... wait viv did another tarot reading VIV WAKE UP AND DO ME I ONLY GOT THE PAST LIFE ONE people kept mentioning it but did not see it happen lmao I DID NOT SNITCH PER SAY I WAS DOUBLE CROSSED I HAD INTEL AND THEY GOT RID OF ME TARNISHED MY NAME they really said fuck this dude I am still not over the fact that I was a man rashon, did you get a tarot reading? wanna share with the class? @azula plz do my tarot reading when you're up. ily. rashon, you had one job who is tesco oop did it blow up? rip I should sleep, got errands to run in the morning sighhhhhh thank youuuuuu its gonna be hell not looking forward to it but I love being the source of comedy I am gonna die faster on mc than I did on apocalypse rising hey, I was one of the last ones I think my first time I did not die omg I think I still got the screenshot of us jumping Bel I don't even know how to join a server oh lawdddd fight me wait that is not good for people with neuro conditions sorry ok nvm they all have movements, sigh chancla!!! r0od Welcome! I don't speak about my butt, I let my fans speak on it yes sdjhfdjkdfc @azula look what I learned :this: hehe ? today wooo does that mean you can't play today cause it'll take time? that's cool, its more important :CB_pray: can I fight him? I'll do it for free he wants that internet speed for.... *educational* purposes oh my god :GangKick: me, kyo, and fae I did the runs, just at my pace. unless it was a competition y'all did the pacer test do they still do that or did they decide it was inhumane two of my classmates made it up a few laps short every year guess where they are in life. ..... not the big leagues lmao oh we would have that on the track field, we had set ups on the field and do intervals yikes we have a park outside of my high school, inner circle is about 2.5 miles, outside circle is 5 miles. that's how we did our training, and if we wanted specific miles, we would jog to the college and use their field and then jog back I used to be another breed in high school exercising daily, multiple times a day. couldn't be me now.' actually that;s a lie, I still try but my hours are hard to find motivation lungs are quick to lose their elasticity with sudden change annoying things boot it up there was one in my neighborhood who had "thisone" and "thisonetoo" for their home/hotspot they moved and I miss laughing at it JAVI BÁEZ because we don’t need to? They can share if they want, we don’t need to make them think they gotta Welcome friend! the screaming they might think there’s something unsafe Bingoooo I still remember when your sister put hand sanitizer on your cut Sjdhdjsjdh Hi Aaron! Nice to meet you! Based off everything you listed... I think you and I will get along Ethan and Ian? Yummmmm O P T I O N S What am I..... Someone do me! The cover photo LMAO thumbnail HELP I think if I answered one question differently and would split it evenly would that mean on some days and situations I’m more ruthless than others? Like today I might kick a man down and enjoy but tomorrow I’d avoid it as much as I can? RON SWANSON I don’t need these tests to confirm that I’m a vigilante lmao And a double agent Explain plz Rae judging us from across the room Is it bad that I know what answers I need to switch to what? It feels like manipulation lmao CHAOS GANG :CB_dance_cat: I didn’t yeet, I would stand my ground or work for the others side Skdhdhdjhd RAE 😭😭😭😭 I just liked the timing I’m a feisty 5 foot Puerto Rican They can *try* Drop everything like an earthquake Dad: 5’6
Mom: 5’4
Bro: 5’6
Sis: 5’0
Me: 5’0 60in babe https://tenor.com/view/world-tiny-short-people-problems-short-entire-world-gif-5676594 Me I think you’re a little off but basically yeah. I lied on my license and said I was 5’1 but I can show you it Let me find photos of me OMG WAIT I HAVE A PHOTO FROM GRADUATION WITH MY TALL FRIENDS Mind you, we’re all wearing heels 😭 okay, don’t comment on the grad robe cause it’s unflattering. We changed that year from female/male to unisex to be inclusive Little short me. @Andromeda YES. National Honor Society https://tenor.com/view/chris-evans-captain-america-avengers-the-avengers-strong-gif-5420016 Arms and pecs for me He’s very sweet but looks wise he’s very... societies views on attractive. White, blonde-ish, blue eyes. The blueprint He has a bit of a freak side to him but he’s the most stereotypical cute guy I like Bitch don’t get me started on that Romanian Your legs look long that was good @azula @faede My first visitor! I love being a decent person. It’s essentially a memory test and I’m good with that I’m the short one. Second from left Aw thanks haha. YOUR PERSON IS SO CUTE Nice hair! oh lmao, I prob should’ve read that My bad You’re still adorable in that photo though! Frecklessss love that my sister told me last minute I gotta pet sit Fam.... you left this morning Those dogs crapped everywhere by now although I’ll give cute pet photos I’ll take my laptop if it’s that important to everyone I’ll just sleepover Watcha streaming 👀 wdym Oh I just saw the icon, stfu WHAT Ikr Fighting their asses Watch how sad they’ll be when I don’t play MC tonight CLOWNS there are no limits to my pettiness yes? can I help you? would y’all oppose if I play Minecraft *tipsy* oh you won’t until you hangout with me I’m just gonna have a few beers Nothing big As many fingers you got on your hand AYE my homie this reminds me I left a few bottles at my sister’s Oop Lu does drunk face reveal My friend has a photo of me that matches that Sjdhdhshdh I’m getting ready to drive to my sister’s I’ll walk the dogs and then should be ready Here for you babe ❤️ my puppy keeps whining in her sleep I can't tell if its nightmares or cause she wants me to not stop cuddling her she'll wake up, make herself more comfortable, and doze off again hmmmm, can I help? balls to the walls? I would like to formally apologize to Kyo for the 200 tik toks I have not watched shfggk I will binge them on vc for live reactions It’s not embarrassing. The anxiety and fear is okay, and the fact that you acknowledge it and still want to get it because you know it’s need is so important That’s valid too. Some people get more comfort when it’s someone they trust. They’re really sweet and make it as quick and painless as it can be It’s on your time too. If you need a second, they’ll give it to you. Ask questions and all that The soreness kicks in a few hours later You might feel hot, maybe feverish but you can medicate before hand to lessen the effects if you’d like. Anything that is horrible to withstands or prolonged should get reported My state got named the #1 snobbiest state in the US LMAO Massachusetts it’s known for its medical field and we all know the egos those people can have Myself included 😉 I was getting to it LMAO no. You weren’t saying this last night All you had to do was be patient Haha nothing personal. Just cause they are doesn’t mean you’ll be My wife wants to divorce me cause I didn’t set up the pick up line 😭 Y’all don’t go hyping her up like that Four people were talking to me! I had to pick and choose who You know what, I’ll ignoring everyone now. I AM A WIFE WHAT ABOUT MY HAPINESS I was making room to give you my *undivided* attention Except you, you’re not included. Look at that, I said what about my happiness and no one said a word. I see how it is, take the Italian’s side How dare you just forget my adoptive child Kyo smh What did you break? Oh the window punch You mean that? They’re really good to keep I never really cared to notice heavy keychains are until my friends tossed one onto his glass table top and it shattered lmao Now I try to spread them out Sometimes it’s the confusing process too. That’s very kind of you It alleviates some anxiety If not most Happy to hear Kyo ❤️ Drew, don’t say a word. I’m proud with whatever you do that makes you happy. See this is just dumb because you didn’t notice immediately 120/80 is the cuff of normal, is it at rest? are you stressed pain active if that's your resting, it's not bad. if its your active BP, well that's good. having hypertensive parents means you're gonna have higher risk of the problem yourself if you don't do the stuff you said. I wouldn't worry and change the entire life routine to maintain it steady but consideration of salt intake, greasy food, and exercise will go a long way so if the food you eat is salty, consider not adding table salt stuff like that I think stressing about this already, when you're not at the highest risk, will lead to hypertension than what your life choices are atm tbh drink a lot of water, opt to take the stairs instead of elevators when you can, maybe take a stroll in a park when you have free time, consider eating in instead of out baby steps I have to remind my patients, and myself, that most conditions are chronic and its not one decision you've made today,  but its the small ones you've made in the year I can when I try lmao haha you're sweet, I'm a nurse. I don't take the doctor creds dsfkjnggh hypothetically omg it is an e-boy how young? I had a lot of interest in medicine, I was originally pre-med track but I opted out because of financials. I do like to stay informed, I can't diagnose but I like take my shot at it when it doesn't hurt that's hot, dress up for halloween the e-boy to my e-girl catch us on e-news njbdfhzk michael jackson? but the kid is not my son!! *smooth criminal* yum @kyo hw? welcome! It’s a dark and rainy day I just want to sleep I can’t, I’ve been up for hours and tried Thanks though. I’m just gonna chill with the dogs for a little more and then go home woo after a long shift and hopping off vc hello, nice profile picture do you want to ask my wife for permission @Andromeda see, I'm loyal NOT ANYMORE df,mdgnbk :)) mwuaaaah pfp creds to @faede I love how I change my pfp and the simping started DON'T @ HIM animated DANIEL HENNEY I’d climb him so fast yeah yeah Lu is short lmao MR PARK not us agreeing on Asian kings WE LOVE TO SEE IT no, why its me being a cynic no surprise kmdjfehgjf massachusetts, close enough Masshole FTW FAE AND I HAVE MATCHING CYNIC VIEWS score 1 for the fam djkfhkldm;,fvg if my score tells you anything is that I am not easily angered but once I am its going DOWN Anyways I don't like when people confuse me being angry with annoyed I don't get angry often, like at all, but I do be annoyed cause nearly  everyone inconveniences me andra, those scores are accurate you got a quick fuse its me, I'm the problem see how mad you get? seeeeeeee. proving me right not her defending her stance djhvgjfkd Who did you message Sadly. 🙂 Viv, just message Skzhdhhshs Call me out Wtf is this don’t dox her https://tenor.com/view/day-limns-gifsdayrol-laughing-hysterically-gif-14397533 Wouldn’t it be cause they haven’t responded, idk Viv. Does it matter lmaoo. Let them answer how they want Modmail or not I did, and I’ll do it again OH I thought you meant now Babe it’s the screenshot It gives creds Andra send me the link Or share in dms 😂😂 I can’t stop laughing You adopted Rashon? but Rashon invited me to the cookout That’s kinda awkkk Do it I’ll sell it Lennox just be enjoying out foolery I love it I can’t upvote it? but I see the link Like I see the post but it’s greyed out Bitch fucking grey You can’t click it I have pretty feet, go make money I don’t give a damn if you can, I can’t!!! bitch, if you don’t shut your damn mouth. blocked Dysfunctional? Speak for yourself boo The post was removed It’s why we can’t like it DUMBASS Where is Andra so I can fight her dumbass Learn from your mistakes headass Thanks Lennox Also, do you want me to call you something else? thanks Rashon No, she means if you’re going under her posts to do it IDIOT Lu is totally fine. It’s my shortened name ✨ Dm and ask why. They’ll respond Only one tripping is andra but she don’t see it “Fucktards” but idiot is the line Skdhdhsbshsh Thanks for giving me a headache again Triple message them Who credits their own work? Is that an actual thing? Oh, how does that work? Cause it’s using someone else’s face? is that why it’s unsafe? how do you self credit a face claim? but that’s so stupid It’s my post... Why would I credit my post Skdhdhsjsh Which one did you do? You’re chaotic that’s why. I love your memes Chaotic is good Look at my wife with 42 upvotes baller No. Receipts! I’ll upvote it THAT WAS YOU I FUCKINF LOVE THAT ONE wow, I upvoted my wife without even knowing her ❤️❤️❤️ I only have one post and it was the questionnaire on if MTFL MC and Ava banged akhddhbsbs also #choices-chat to continue if it’s that sub specific m u s k uncultured! wack :e_minor: queen my quotes are iconic thank you, Tatsu. I rest my case lol the game is about funny kyo was ROBBED I should've been there first you haven't watched shrek and now this boo, imma need to educate you dsknjfbhkn I do not, and will not have alcoholism. roughhhhhhh its my quote lol, that's why I said it. its cool, but the association kinda wild ngl when is movie night we have a list, we gotta rank it I think its a good moment to grab a budlight dfnjbhkgh rashon what movies have you watched??? is this a good time to say I've never willingly watched the Bee movie? ye lmao I love it the croods lilo n stitch cheaper by the dozen https://tenor.com/view/smallville-clark-kent-smiling-hehehe-happy-gif-17423785 this is all I care about mmmmmmm I SWEAR oh I ain't mad lion king lmfao it would devastate me good is it not red? idk I just guessed wow, score another pt for rashon omg riooooo the lorax? fae, rae did y'all watch angus, thongs, and perfect snogging? LMAO nick was wilding when they released that AARON TAYLOR JOHNSON' why must you hurt me toy story? its teenager comedy i mean..... you missed some good ones how was your thing.. your school thing I’m really happy that you’ve found something you like to declare, Kyo. Keep making those plans and you’ll succeed. you know you love me, I’ll be more than happy to take my patients to you @kyo hw? It’s 2:30am and I gotta be up in 2 hours lmao Hi Viv ❤️ Hi Rae ❤️ thank you firework ❤️ I’m trying too... but also take your own advice I hope it comes back to you because I want to hear it lol some people pee as quick as they feel the urge, others wait I hold on as long as I can tbh Hii hi! bravo! a masterpiece! encore lol are you sure this isn't a past memory lol p a r t n e r go off fae + frieeeeeeend happy birthday! omg yum I support My friend dropped off a bouquet of flowers as a pick me up ❤️ Everyone has been so incredibly supportive and kind. Thank you. Tomorrow is my first shift back and I’m kinda dreading it but all the words of encouragement will help me ✨ 🍆 I just had a guy park next to me and just flirt through smiles and eye contact lmfao LMAO. No he wasn’t but I like the effort I would’ve given him the digits if he asked but he didn’t have the nerve He did follow me out of the parking lot though FAE LMAO He was parked right next to me, he was reverse and I wasn’t so our windows were almost right across from each other.... I was waiting for him to say something See, I love flirting so dating apps are run to rile them up. but obvs irl shit is the best Andraaaaa lmfaooo my wife is outta pocket rn you spelt entitled wrong my favorite is the pretending to scoot by but they rub their crotch all over your butt oh I tell them I'm not interested and just insult them more as they continue obviously, don't get reckless women you can be ||assaulted|| for this :(( can I join later? when do you need me? cute kyo i love it adorbs 9 yes viv, did you know that because we menstruated early we have an increase chance for breast cancer sjdfhbknl I learned that in school fuck menopause 12-15 but its getting earlier nowadays apparently I like waxing nah, my parents assume I'm not but don't know the answer they assumed right tho my dad's advice to me is to respect myself but if I want to be a whore, I gotta be a safe and smart whore. and never be offended when I'm called one LMAO your mom said give someone a green card defjksdhgkfl my sister got pregnant at 18, so I had all eyes on me that year LOL his friend, duh I can't believe Viv lost Virginia a whole ass state :soobinclown: I have nitro, I just like being this way Viv, I would've guessed 20 for you tbh you give me the vibe LMAO MISTER PAPA PLZ I like it when you call me BIG POPP where is RASHON I KNOW YOU KNOW THIS WIFEEEEEE female dominated home! gang gang I get an acne breakout and my dad asks me if its my time of the month lol tampons I did sports so that did not apply to me ma'am????? WHAT rocket??? launcher???? where??? I ain't sling shotting it to my hoo-hah yes its how its removed viv babe, I love you must I do a tutorial? the string dangles and you angle it away you can tuck it between your cheeks or hold it hold it from the side or behind babe like when you wipe? it does not go pew when it comes out its actually kinda... slow cause, blood is sticky BUTTON??? ITS A PUSH BABE you push the bottom and it clicks and you pull out viv nooooo if your stream is going, it doesn't aim that way if you dribble, maybe just pee fast and move the string do kegels do more lol SO WHAT IS THE REASON diva cups scare me gorilla grip VIV DO NOT CALL FAE THAT I WILL LOCK YOUR ASS OUT oh ok no mwuah show me the b u t t o n there is no button /mlkcszdjnvb viv, I have used prob every type of tampon there is not button you press on the bottom BECAUSE YOU APPLY IT TO THE UTERUS VIV I WILL SNAPCHAT YOU A TAMPON THERE IS NO PEW PEW lulu_quinonesx3 noooooooo WHERE SHOULD I SEND THIS VIDEO I WILL DEMONSTRATE RIGHT NOW ok ITS NOT A BUTTON https://tenor.com/view/delete-button-delete-button-keyboard-gif-15488255 this is a button https://tenor.com/view/dexters-lab-dexters-laboratory-dee-dee-dee-button-gif-17350140 THIS IS A BUTTON https://tenor.com/view/mask-button-glasses-edu-smart-gif-17424082 THESE ARE BUTTONS that's a clicker GET IT RIGHT I hate that I disagree I heard butt what y'all talking about me for @azula  can we have a twerking contest the shriek that came out of me oop uh I still got the screenshot of that fateful day defhjbfkdl http://musicscapes.herokuapp.com/ Thank you Kyo! Thank you Viv 🥺💕 happy day My heart is so full rn, thank you :kr_zz_ChickHug: Thanks everyone 💓 I got free coffee at Dunks 😊 thank you Rae ❤️ its me wanting to hear his reaction yes @kyo the audacity to ignore me I've assisted in births, so I would know the general stuff to do but would be nervous to find the right tools to do it on an aircraft if its an emergency if the birth goes as smooth as it can go, I am fine premie isn't bad, I meant more serious medical conditions of either mom/baby I was allowed in the OR during my rotation and I assisted with assembling and handing off tools and in natural births, I was basically doula meaning I helped them in position, breathing, and then assessed the baby afterwards kyo exit the conversation anyways yes Viv, I can do it. clamp, milk the nutrients, and then cut it if you're worried about it, you can keep it because mom has to pass the placenta anyways and its connected placentas are so cool btw pretty heavy too no idea, but I don't recommend it I'll let you do what you want, but I advise not to. it does nothing lmfao I'm sure people will say otherwise, and maybe for them its true, but last that I heard there's no evidence of it some hospitals in the US don't allow you to take it which is wrong, I feel its so lovely until its not I had 3 mom's whose kids were in CPS custody because of withdrawals or actual ||abuse|| its sad, but I made sure to give them extra love there's bad nurses everywhere but it just depends on them true lmao I love this stereotype so much I'm so lucky to work at a teaching hospital, I just see so many people in different areas just grow into their roles. wholesome I did argue with some techs in the MRI room though. They were so disrespectful and disgusting to my client you will. I'll make sure of it mknjsbdhfz I screamed imma make myself a badge with that name tele or ekg? was it tiny, portable and always on or did they bring it in to assess oh, for sure tele electrocardiogram oh I thought you asked lmao we use the tiny one bedside to monitor 24/7 but if there's a rhythm that's off or you're symptomatic, we use that one to do a full assessment the adhesive sucks I had an EKG done, 12 hours after what I experienced, and they told me I was okay. no shit, sherlock sushiiiiiiiii ily like my boobs the bed is the odor lmao my cousin's dog always gets confused when I walk in the house cause I smell like my house, my sister's house, her kids and dogs, and then myself he goes crazy he'll growl and nudge me lol. waits for me to speak to realize I'm me cute!! ohmygod yes the old dog would fall asleep with his nose inside my running shoes sjkhdf sir, if you want to smell something bad, go to my nephew's closet comfyyy FAEEEEE put it in the bathtub I want to see her dilemma I almost got excited I love cats who like water does anyone else's pet try to absorb your body heat? I swear Luna and Jojo would bury themselves under me when I'm sleeping and I internally panic that I will suffocate them but I love the little wet nose pressed against me 🥺 that was the name he had we didn't switch it so he wouldn't be confused no lol I don't even know what that is I'm picturing a clown BUT HELLO NEPHEW is my grandson happy with his..... you know.... if that's your nephew, and you're my son, that makes him my grandson duh LMAO good yay :) I know how to resuscitate and deliver a baby but I do not know how to operate a cash box talent. I know now it does the math for you but back when I was in HS, I avoided that job like the plague lmao sure I'll help Drew's a patella kneecap lol I thought it was funny haha I could call you something else fae gets it pop a cap in your ass jumped by fae and I shonny lmaooooo Fae is asian Viv said I was an honorary asian too **kiss my ass** coccyx is not useless booty bone LOL that shit useless all it does is live in the body til it rots you did that yourself lmao And I swung Home run! that shit still in the stratosphere https://tenor.com/view/solar-system-sun-planets-orbit-gif-4884349 Gotta blast Fake news Hiiiii hiiiiii hi viv ❤️❤️ ily fae, I hope you had an easy day as well & thank you omg hi Rae :kr_zy_Wave: I even did a handstand :ASgrin: Lmao!! Me when I realized my locker buddy he was so bashful about it! He was like “I’m sorry, I promise it’ll be clean on my end” and proceeded to lay his jacket on top of mine so I smell like him I did the hoe bend, make sure he saw the goods I’m 65% sure he looked They’re high school sweethearts and been married since Oct 2019 LMAO GIRL let me tell you this CORRECT ME IF I AM WRONG but if your high school sweetheart now hubby says that being married to you feels like nothing changed and that it went from wedding to back to how it was….. it’s not a good thing? I get he probably meant the comfort and routine but like BRUH Honeymoon phase plz but 2 years is peak honeymoon There was an awkward pause and then I was like “I’m sure that’s a good thing?”
AND THIS FOOL GOES: oh, uh yeah, I mean it’s not bad :LayDead: 💀 NO She’s aight. At best. And I saw the wedding photo No kids, been together “for years” and he didn’t specify if they live together. I assume they do. I don't feel well I went to sleep with a migraine and it hasn't gone away, so now I just feel bleeeeeh I even tried to sleep some extra hours and it did not help thank you, I will def be taking a lazy day Get that 💰💰 I hope it goes well!! Can’t wait to hear about it tomorrow Thank youuuuu! Happy Mother’s Day to your cool ass momma Let her say more iconic lines today Damn right, gonna update my Twitter bio brb ahhh, love you too babe! always will be there for you :kr_zp_PinkPixelHeart: Thank you Ray!! We spoke about my cousin today at the family gathering without crying, or feeling the urge to. I call that success ❤️ my dad ran over a turtle once and brought it home to me lmao No, he was alive and well. Very cute. He wouldn’t survive at home so I kept him for a week and then took him back to the river WHY DID YOU THINK HE WAS DECEASED??? KSJSHDHSJS my daddy wild but never bring a carcass home wild 😭 You got me, I revived the turtle with the help of Bee Gees Blue/purple. Destroyed it. I knew she would serve 👸🏻 I counted 6 quarter sized bruises on my right leg and another 3 on my left leg Gotta love anemia I do eat red meat, it’s something that’s so confusing to me I used to take 4 vitamins for it I’ll get back on them I really just be waking up and immediately thinking of when I can go back to bed lmao gl kyooooo red because I’m pun-y Aaron said hello like a white person lmao yay to slow work days In the last 24hrs, I discharged 4 patients I told the supervisor I rather have an actual assignment with the same people all day lol Someone ordered pizza tho KYO I LEAVE YOU ALONE AND YOU SKIP CLASS?! DO I HAVE TO CHECK IN EVERYDAY kyo: why is my afternoon so free? Oh whatever; work it is. does it look cool I love it Yikes this is the second time I hear this, this week First was my friend who got her hair done and the hairstylist dyed it the wrong shade and she had a breakdown oh I was gonna say Mix signals here pal Saying it looked good and then crying I want to see it on stream Cute little eyebrow go brrrr You don’t ‘kinda’ rock it… you 100% are killing it I LOVE IT ohmygod my faveeeee did someone say I got Punani? lmaoooo kidding HAHAHAHAH omg I eat them so much that prob Find me Nani I will do it it’s how you got the one with the swimsuit Love it just say you love me, you don’t gotta hide behind her https://tenor.com/view/lilo-and-stitch-mom-scream-angry-pissed-gif-5915764 Drew acting like he didn’t understand :tlShame: LMAO I’ll pat your head :))))) lilooooo Never, I love your little attitude. Make me proud mini sass I’ll find anyone that I set my mind to I’m gonna hunt down @Metta at one of the taquerias he’s shared DAVID SUPREMACY David was a clumsy, fun loving, cool uncle. Ugh. Marry him boooo Das me and Fae ❤️❤️❤️❤️ did you mean party Or pit bull pit, haven’t heard pitty my cousin’s have one and he’s so big and loving just dumb. He be knocking me over cause he wants to sniff me he’ll growl at me when I come in with a wiggly butt lmao, I always say he’s giving mix signals and then he rolls over for scratches @kyo did you finish your hw On roblox? Shut up sims 8hrs It was a joke you one left sims open for 24h How your desktop didn’t explode idk I like to validate my bee keeping status by saying I was close enough for Kyo to sweat I don’t like the other bee game :( yes it was boring for me, too much work for little gains My laptop is upstairs If you want me for an hour I’ll do it I said for an hour Not in an hour lol Ok gimme a min A bottle of water is 3.50, soda bottle is 1.50 poor cities don’t have grocery stores so they use bodegas, little markets, those are limited in stock and usually have supplies that won’t spoil in short amount of time HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMA SHONNY Deadass Fae and I have matching bruises. Twining it’s my friend texting me in the middle of my shift that she’s hemorrhaging and me trying to triage while dealing with an escalating aggressive person and discharging his roommate 😂 Anyways, I hope everyone else is having a good day! I’m clocking tf out and won’t be back til Monday for overnight lol @kyo hw? showering early today oooo 💿🥜 ? I’m telling a story So sit back and learn buddy You had to be there ASS-umer :CB_dumbfuckjuice: :NotSearching: 👭🏻 Facts what does someone eat at 9pm I don’t want to cook and I don’t want leftovers Name some food places I love you anhiro You just *get* me So random but I want ribs There’s a TGI down the street but not sure if that’s good timing Maybe I’ll wait for tomorrow so I can enjoy it Lemme get home update: I got the ribs Lol, you’re okay Drew. I was getting ready Shot blocker as in the u shaped device you put at injection site? I’ve heard of them in passing but never used it. I don’t think I ever seen them used in offices/facilities I’ve been at but for people who have horrible anxiety and other sensitivity we use topical anesthetics to numb the area Interesting. How effective is it for you, if you don’t mind me asking I wonder if that’s something you can find online in some medically approved website and ask them to use when you go? I don’t know much about them but if it has lidocaine, I don’t think there’s any harm in my experience and from what others told me, the injection pinch isn’t painful, it’s just the soreness that follows a couple of hours later that kills people. Feel free to medicate beforehand (if approved) and use cold pack if you find that helpful I’m like semi sleeping and back read that you got it today, my bad! I hope it went well ❤️ For sure, I always remind myself to do it quick when I administer them cause no one wants to feel a needle go inside millimeter by millimeter glad it was a decent experience for you it’s not too bad when people are kind and understanding but you’ll have the occasional person causing a commotion and that’s when 3 hours feels like 15. Everything is blue
His pills, his hands, his jeans AND ITS BLUEEEEE, BLUEEEEE, BLUEEEEEE Everything is grey
His hair, his smoke, his dreams
And now he's so devoid of color
He don't know what it means That’s my type of man. Fucking love it. Pastel colors are sooo pretty but I don’t rock them oh I didn’t mean to full @ you skdhdhsjsh my dog bumped my hand and turned it on 😂 Wow, Yume just flexing rn YES IT WAS HER the blue talk is getting kinda annoying ngl have some meaningful convos faaaam Tell me your fave outfit or something I’m with the kids rn, but I’m with you in spirit does the hoodie have anything special? Yume , has your parents ever told you talking to you is like they gotta pull your leg? I feel like they have. I feel like that’s not true lmao anyways, my fave outfit is the new one. Shopaholic I was like wtf was the relevance LMAO Metta Imma need to take your advice and lay on the lawn LMAO It’s solid advice and I laugh every time I think of it https://tenor.com/view/happy-birthday-cheers-grandma-lawn-chair-nodding-gif-14509464 @faede we were bonding over annoying bosses and he told me that he recommended his boss to just chill on the lawn, enjoy the sun… just relax 😂 I fucking died I personally like to lay out on the roof Best spot. anything for you :CutieHeart: Wait Kyo, how’s the fence and the dog? I love her energy LMAO Sushi really said it’s the principle I think sushi and I would be the good friends. I see a lot of potential Hello! Not all of you being the “except me” bitch 😭 How come I don’t get greeted like that? :( no, I won’t take away Rae’s spotlight. She was here first :OOF: Leave my child alone. If we lived in the same area, Rae and I would be fb moms bringing our emo introverted kids to hangout for brunch lmao That looks like a smushed and extended hot pocket I’ll pass. I got BJ’s. Litty ohmygod plz ANGELA!!! HIIII I hope everything is going well! I’m doing great, got a day off so I’m just catching up with friends and family. Missed seeing you around We got Sam’s club! But BJ’s is better You have me and I will get you all the memberships you’ve said this before but I find that so funny It’s a wholesale place. Everything cheap and bulk. From socks to premium deli there is no service at BJ… all self. Besides meats and electronics yeah fae totes I like the fake Jim part with the edited photos lmao CURSED Is that what tik tok calls the face thing what’s the name for it YES THANK YOU RAE Metta sending every version except the one I said ASIAN JIM METTA Thx Deepfake! Rae said it right when I was typing Rae did you see the Tom cruise one?? Wild! I kept staring at it cause I immediately recognized him but I was like what in the fuck is going on I knew someone was pretending but I thought it was like a person who looked alike but then my friend said it was all generated One day there’s gonna be adult films deepfakes and it’s gonna be horrible I know celebs are being used but I mean like minors Well, I assumed To be certain was another thing not that I’m surprised at all Code Lyoko Help me fix the world and return to a good place with a push of a button subjective, that’s why you push it Whatever your good place is Me coming off drugs not the channel for it Drew :LuBlink: I was patiently waiting I was disappointed BeeFACE maybe it’ll work tonight uwu Voltra you be a few seconds late with the jokes Goddamn LMAO that joke still hits not if it’s over That’s right, it is, correct Drew. what’s included? Tell me before you submit it ….. It’s… general lmao We’re talking lmao Ew two lmao break time is heaven Oh Rae what final? I just mute the channel weirdos Good luck Rae! 💕 Not this one. Or any of ours. Wasn’t specified but good. Have fun there. Andra and I will be very happy to assist I like French! I have books and just never got to fully learning I prefer class VS learning at home that’s hot I love that game Truly. You get funny stuff out of it wdym Oh, we have a gas shortage. “Hit by a ransomware attack, the pipeline that delivers about 45% of all fuel to the east coast said it was forced to take systems offline to contain the threat.” Colonial pipeline company is trying to restart it but because of this, prices may rise in areas the demand is also limited so people are trying to stockpile Hoarding isn’t the answer and those people are idiots since they’re wasting more of the supply but being paranoid isn’t wrong. I drive to work nearly everyday and it’s an hour away, I fill up twice a week at minimum, that’s just another concern for people with similar job situations I am going to re-organize my room. Rip. I’ll be back with the update hopefully before midnight 😂 I can vc while I clean yes Drew, seems like a conversation you should have in the dm’s if personal. Doesn’t seem like but your choice. :( take care of yourself babe I’m here if you need me@ I’m tired I don’t! I do overnight tomorrow We’re just getting some stuff for a small get together for my nephew’s bday Hopefully I sleep well tonight and tomorrow before work 🤞🏻 Thank you! Yay, Fae and I are vaccine buddies I’m chilling, arm a little sore when I overuse it but nothing to complain about Y’all a little too active for me this morning Good morning though ❤️ HELLO Guys today is my overnight shift and I’m not ready!! I’m gonna buy something to eat rn, got my snacks all packed and hopefully I survive Hi loaf!! I am updating y'all with the fact that I haven't slept rip I’m still alive It’s 2:11am and I’m eating fruit How was work??? sir oh boy let me do some documenting first It’s 4:30am and I hit that wall where I’m tired. 3 more hours left🙌🏻 Good morning everyone! goodnight to me I have returned Did I miss anything good? Thank you for sending me the summary screenshot I was a good mom and read it all last night, just didn’t have time to respond @kyo you have an accessory bone to your foot and I’m assuming you had surgery cause it was affecting you… I don’t understand how work comes into play tho. Hope you’re okay and heal very quickly! I’m the important one, I was awake this morning working and I am still awake this same day They just wanted to join in the love fest @Andromeda @DaHomieDrew I love you but you slept comfortably and I did not lol. You had all day/night with Kyo and I just got here Let me know if there’s anything I can do for you son! @faede hi, ily. Haven’t talked to you in over a day and that’s a crime Thank you for feeling like it when I am here :PikaRaichuHug: everything good at home? Any good news? Want nothing but the best for you LMAO Shonny I’m dying rn It’s a year in my soul I am eating, maybe a little later when my head is less cloudy @rashon24 I see you didn’t follow my orders? :ShibiEyes: NOT AGAIN Tell me when you’re gonna message someone after I did. I didn’t remove the @ wow, just twinning huh I saw nothing I gotta apologize for.. you trippin You won’t because you don’t want to 😊 sleep is good sleep some more My son vapes? he doesn’t look like he’s thinking, he looks like he’s judging lmao I voted Don’t let it go to waste I like the posing and facial expressions on the first one but the colors of the second one are so cute Unanimous Wow I love choosing the winner my Russian friend moved into her new apartment and we had a housewarming party for her she cooked us such an amazing meal I'm already wanting to eat the leftover Chicken and mushrooms spread with veggies, potatoes, and cauliflower It was bomb Cheese spread was out of this world I eat rice too often, like switching it up I'll get this recipe from her hopefully I gotta prepare for my overnight tomorrow but depending when you start I can watch for a bit I know now I gotta attend the funeral during my hours of sleep amen oh boi do I get to pay my respects now? so much is going on rn flat? but why viv @faede kyo did not mean to exclude you plz join if you want babes What is actually wrong with fusion though? That’s just a taste thing then, it’s nothing about being offensive right? Hmm… I guess I can see why Viv scratches her head at the idea of eating something “watered” down from its traditional tastes What is thoughtful though? Do you feel the same about Tex Mex? isn’t that just a preference? Tex Mex in that state is how it is, everywhere else it’s just a con for people to eat what they think is ethnic food that appeals to their taste buds Often enough, the ethnic people themselves are smart enough to profit off this You just talk about it with such hate I thought you were talking about it in crossing lines of appropriation but you just don’t like people’s food preferences 😂 yeah I know You talk about it with every chapter babe. That’s why I asked if this has something more to do with just flavors and I got my answer Hate away the flavors There’s worst things to be btw that's a california roll that you described the avocado one? I need to google some but the biggie is california and even american's, snobs or not, will look at you if you get it and say "that's not sushi" sing to me paolo :owoCryingKiss: I'm gonna out-snob the snob I will have a good time doing it too zinger I need one night of Sushi's sleep that bitch be living SUSHI YOU GO GIRL sjndakfhbd WHAT IS HER NAME skdjnfhg Shonny 👀 I definitely do… but I was talking more about the pfp lol thank you! love you to pieces ❤️ see you on the other side love you too viv thank you! thank you kiddo Yay! Congrats Kyo! I’m tired and freezing cold I put on my north face and I’m still fucking cold they have heated blankets but I’m trying to behave and not take one we leave them for the pts comfort and in case of emergency I might just steal it and cover my legs I go to sleep with a heating pad so I think I’ll get sleepy when I feel that on me yes. I’m at the age where I need heat therapy for my back while I sleep disgusting Good luck Kyo! I’m the minority probs but my first dose was the worst I didn’t even have bad soreness with the second SUSHI Sushi my home girl Can’t wait to meet her and ruin Kyo’s life sushi and I will take naps on his couch cause we both work overnights 😂 https://tenor.com/view/sleeping-cats-sleep-conchinha-dormir-abracado-cuddle-gif-14758139 me and fae If you’ll excuse me, my break is over and I will go to one of my pt’s room, wake him up and then shove a catheter up his urethra FREEEEEEEDOM I swear all my pt like to have chest pain at 4am BRO I AM HALF ASLEEP AND YOU WANT TO HAVE AN EMERGENCY we had a lady fake a stroke 😂😂😂 How can an app be full of male characters of all types in any way hate men 😂 My day went:
1. Clock out
2. Nap
3. Funeral
4. Nap
5. Clock in The naps didn’t help me one bit. Feel more tired now than I originally was sleep well Kyo 💤 Chips n soda @3am Litty Never had One idk about puzzle game but there’s a version of solitaire called klondike Morning! gl kyoooo 1y with my mirena and this bitch wants to act up now I was waiting outside the bank doors like you’re supposed to do and this dude saw me standing there, passed right by me and inside and then got told to wait but put him in front of me The way I want to fight everyone Update: I let the door shut on his face Thanks! I was warned by them! I’m pretty certain I’m not pregnant but it may have moved around up there and now I need an appointment to get it sorted we live in a society me tomorrow don't get old kids duh I also say things according to who I'm with but I know which were the ones for here also... I love that Kyo, Fae and I match. my happy little family YOU ARE IN MY HEART COME WORK WITH ME. WE CAN FIX IT REAL QUICK no one fucking says tubular I hate hearing it being credited cause its always used ironically I'll accept dude. its a fun word. RIGHT Metta, I would pay you $5 to say it in front of your mom cause I know she'll look at you like wtf? its the acting as if its on the same radar as wicked and its not lmao its a pun in Animal Crossing too when you find a turban shell in the water, they say tubular lmao I forgot the exact phrase but I find it corny and adorable they are, I be smiling like a goof FAE DON'T BE SHY B- as you should I always hear it in my head in a dumb hippie, zonked out dude's voice y'all know the amanda show, with drake bell as Kyle? like that voice I can tolerate that voice he's litty I say dude cause everyone says dude, I didn't use it before my friends unless I was mocking someone YES HIM Welcome to Good Burger, home of the Good Burger. Can I take your order? the nurse I helped one time had a dude swing at her and she went "DUDE. NO. WE DO NOT PUNCH" and I had to silently laugh I was restraining him while dying yikes, you're gonna have a blister or two also, hi kyo's papa she's smart give her doggy treat lol ily sushi DON'T GIVE HER SELF ESTEEM ISSUES RASHON WE BUILD CONFIDENCE HERE I'm kidding lmao sushi gotta run more, flat butt I'm selfish and enjoy using it LMAO gl kyoooo byeee wait for hot girl summer you can enjoy my snaps I always enjoy your snaps brightens my day xsjdnfhb I hope to god you didn't think I was one hahaha SAME they would spam snap me until I respond to keep streak literally why send me a dark photo of your wall going "streak" SKFJDNG DREW ily, but your age is showing you didn't share this many details and with good reason I can see now you were hiding your true self lmao WHERE IS THE FLAMETHROWER WHEN YOU NEED ONE I'll burn down anything that crawls and bites skdjfhg wait, minus babies I know fae feels opposite LOL I thought it was funny til you said inside I would've moved out if its above the stove... do they every just die and the corpse fall while you're cooking? I would be paranoid ngl https://tenor.com/view/spider-man-we-one-gif-18212100 fae and the bugs lady bugs have more than 4 legs??? did my english fail me you didn't have a soul back then you're more human now lol I don't mind bugs, but it depends where I see them. can't be in my room or the shower or where I eat anywhere else is their home, so I just move away not near my food in PR, we have just long trails of ants walking on the walls and floor ant piles and we walk around like nothing I can't anymore. I get raid real quick one time I saw an ant group minding their business near a puddle and stomped their ass out barefoot them red ants bit me so quick kdjsfhg I deserved it but I remember being so fucking upset shit burned for like a week LMFAO "y'all look thirsty" I stepped on glass cause apparently something broke in the basement and no one swept my foot looks fine but it’s sore so idk,m It’s not in my foot though, the piece was hard enough where I reacted fast I can’t wait to be on my feet for 12hrs now I stepped on a splinter this morning LOL AHHHHH GOOD LUCK SON I’m off until Tuesday. I must be dreaming Thank you babe ❤️ Crush it I believe in you Morning babes! I’m in class so if you want to talk bout anything, come distract me lol Hope your exam went well wifey I would never forgot to ping you. And if someone does, just know you’ll always be able to join us. Love youuuuu I have hw of my own so sure Good luck on your final if it’s before or after I join ❤️ Bro why are you taking your final at 9-10 Aka 6-7 for you I want casino buffet tho Always. its so late lmao, I know you're eating so that makes some sense but give yourself more time Saturday we are officially maskless in my state. Everyone. I do want to remind that if this convo continues we may need to take it to #current-events-talk more suitable :) Was for everyone Yes She took your name didn’t she you hear that Drew? Fuck you LMAO she said it You’re so dramatic omg not the fun kind either I will beat her up postpartum if you want Get my own kids to bully hers too Botinf lmao because I put my spin on it my boat is in the ocean, you right when you’re doing being sad, you wanna get movie gang? 🪚 :tlCrewmateBlack: I sus @rashon24 you haven’t watched 4 right? Or is it 5? It’s okay Viv. ily No scary for you They get more gory 2 is top tier. OH LMFAO I am WHEEZING Tell that to Rashon who never watched Fucking weirdo FUCK YOU He is slandering shrek Skdhdhsjsh fae I’m dying rn Fae really said bite no bark I BET YOU WOULD jokes on you, I’m the queen of ruining shit You’ll be next. Kyo is having buffet. No movie for Kyo. :(( are you ok When you’re a queen you don’t need a king You need peasants Kyo you would have a missing hand and still come on the chat and crack a joke Don’t act brand new LMFAOOOOO SCREAMING I AM SO PROUD I LOVE IT HERE We are here in the funeral of Shonny May he never have an opinion again. The end. KYO READ IT TO ME SING TO ME PAULO CAN I OPEN IT I WANNA WAIT DONT SAY A WORD DREW What You’re gay How tf not It’s me always being disappointed ITS LIZZIE MAGUIRE UNCULTURED ASS BITCH I’m kicking him. didn’t I tell you to stop talking? Your queen, the mod of this server, a beautiful Hispanic… take your pick I will do whatever I want and you’ll take it. Now ZIP IT Bet. Y’all hear something? :singing: I thought you said I'm all bite think twice before you come at me you used the silence card. don't wipe your tears now hi wifey bitch fine, bye I literally thought this was about me sdalKjfngh what a tool I would've stomped on his foot squeeze his junk something I got long nails y'all don't know the difference between a good squeeze and a bad one here?? lemme educate you good squeeze you use the fat of your palms, to close your hand a bit, let your fingers relax so it doesn't curl, bad squeeze is all fingers that curl cause depending on where you grab/hold it digs into the dingalong or the twins :) this has been fending off pervs 101 I am sad to say idk what this means. I wasn't sure if you meant that!! I know THAT I was like... wait... do they mean once again, i am proud of my bby I know that one too LOL its men thinking that "not interested" means "lemme try harder" https://tenor.com/view/fucked-bam-jackass-flying-kick-kick-gif-15175869 sorry kyo! I wish it would've worked out for you where you ate yummy food you're always welcome to @ if you need any assistance! this server is open to the public, pls feel free to invite friends! as long as everyone reads the rules and acts accordingly, we are happy to expand :) wanna send a message to modmail to confirm they're ok. only staff have access lemme finish my friends special and I'll be on andra is sleeping probs, its late on her end hello and welcome! take care of yourself! good luck Adam! be safe That’s why you don’t skip leg day I’m out rn but I can say when I’m home Start without me if everyone else is ready I have errands and hw so I’ll be on a little later Gross I start class today I haven’t done shit because adulting Thanks, just hw I need to submit by midnight Welcome back!! I hope exams went well! work and school! nothing has change on the end, which is good and bad while on roblox we love multitasking oooo WAIT I FORGOT ABOUT MY BEE GAME CAUSE IT YEETED ME THE FIRST TIME AHHHHHHHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHHHHH LEMME FINISH MY HW update: on Lu's IUD
good news is that its fine and in place bad news... Lu had a cyst on her ovary and it popped oof indeed I knew something was wrong but I did not expect that I feel gross. popping? it naturally should just pop and the body absorbs the fluid it leaves I should be okay once it clears the cyst was big enough where it caused a disturbance in my body and I was symptomatic. they did an internal ultrasound and that's how they told me cause the fluid was still there with remnants of the sac I also learned that my uterus is retroverted which is hopefully not gonna give me too many problems in the future I will cry if it does. I just want to be a mom. and I love every second of it its towards my bumhole I hate it here you're so sweet firework! I appreciate that I have a friend who had a son and now is pregnant with this problem too and it went okay for her the only thing is that you can't hear the baby's heartbeat at home cause its too far back :( so I'll be paranoid until the check-ups I also just have a bad history with my body so its just me thinking of the worst I saw that @faede , and this was my response to it. I said it before the emote! 🧑‍⚖️ y'all I got personal drama if someone wants to sit back and hear my shitshow of a life when I finish my hw, I mean oh its not venting I just figured people will be entertained I'm just built different LMAO yay knowing stuff makes you more paranoid, it sucks my classmate announced today she's pregnant but she's so early that she thinks its a false pregnancy, as in.. empty egg I had to talk her off the ledge there's a name to it, can't think off the top of my head, but its basically a benign mass of cells that becomes the placenta without the baby because the sperm fertilized an empty egg so during ultrasound, you see active placenta without the fetus its crazy lmao *pauses* there's so many things I stopped doing or thinking of that makes me rusty until I jog my memory back with more info @kyo  13.1T??! are you serious :YellingWoman: LMAO yeah, I'll take a break a lovely month it'll be feeling empty CONGRATS TO HER!!!! I just skimmed this convo but my first reaction hearing this is strep, tonsillitis, and mono. I just woke up, cause of course things happen when I’m sleeping, so let me get my brain together and I’ll tell you more about them. You said you have white patches but what about red spots at the roof of your mouth? They go hand in hand with strep.
- sore throat that suddenly came on
- pain swallowing
- swollen tonsils
- fever

Tx: drink plenty of water to keep the throat lubricated, I’ll leave the temp to you. I’m a cold relieve person, others are warm.
- rest
- throat lozenge
- antibiotics You’ll know it’s mono if you get diagnosed with strep throat and then see that you don’t feel better with the antibiotics. Mono symptoms are whole body. Includes rash, swollen lymph nodes in the armpits, etc.
Same treatment as above. Now that I’m up and moving. I have 5 assignments due today and I don’t want to do any of them lol Thanks!! I’ll prob be offline today unless I take breaks Ping if something happens Welcome! It’s funny how my family functions at times. They’ll say something and expect to be right and have others agree even when they’re wrong Guess who always does the correcting when the rest just nod their heads :ASmeguFace: I love that for you No more allergies? yo kyo answer me allergies gone what did you take no fever? das me burn the server yes sigh, we need to work on the chaos NO I just like being punished :AlyGrin: me I believe in spanking kids skadjfng :YellingWoman: kyo when do you work again shriek rest up and resident evil are we gonna watch the movie or not cause if I ping fae it gotta happen vroom vroom omg we should do anonymous confessions here that'd be so fucking funny and chaotic anything skldmjnfgh fae so into this ex: I once tripped a toddler cause he wouldn't stop running when I told him to my friend did this I laugh til this day laskDIJWFGHX KYO that;s the energy anyways, we can all agree that I am the oldest and wildest so we won't let me speak and I can post it on behalf of other's LOL YOU FOUND ME technically I cannot I'm supposed to be studious Fae has spoken. we love to see it really? I'm getting white what are we eating fae? can we get crab ragoons egg roll? actually no.. spring roll no leftovers ohmygod we eat the same ♥️ enjoy!! you take your time babe we'll be here all day I would take a nap after that meal tbh nothing better than laying down after a full meal and do nothing I deadass read that as messaging its junk yes but not from a chinese place I just like seafood its not my fave tbh, I'll take shrimp over calamari especially with pasta friend is good cause I always get coleslaw and that shit slaps octopus is so good yuuuuuuuuum we do seafood salad ANDRA DELETE lmao lmfaooooo too late at least I am typing better today I was struggling yesterday every word was mispelled I quite literally have done nothing yikes midnight LOL okay but this is my first week and the professor assigned everything two days ago I just got my textbook today he said he won't penalize late submissions so I was a bit more lax I will not change my mind on this I'm gonna throw hands with my professor I hate the U.S. educational system, bunch of crooks go eat your food and rest, I'll explain when you're all settled :) it feels fake :( thanks for helping but I wanna be a good bee you really think that makes me feel better lmao I just got spooked by a balloon 😂 Good morning everyone its in the living room tied to a plant my mom got for mother's day LOL. I stood up and whipped my blanket over my shoulders since its cold and it dragged it closer to me, all I hear was the foil go "whoosh, crkkknk, whoosh, ckkkk" and I was like wtf is coming near me??? and I turned around to a massive balloon saying "Happy Mother's Day" the balloon in question *soon Lu, very soon* Y’all it’s 43 degrees out here and pouring rain. We know all bout crazy weather but it do just be hitting out of nowhere lmao It was 89 two days ago and switched to this the same day and it stayed 😂 Let’s not use that word for this but I get the sentiment Fahrenheit lmao I do okay with potatoes ok Gimme all of them off topic but all our pfp’s are soooo cute!! Look at the colors ❤️ Do it! I work this week heavy so I thought so it now than never do it just for you or for all of us? Can’t wait to see your artistic talent! LMAO homophobia indeed Cress to uni's everywhere: https://tenor.com/view/mean-girls-fugly-fugly-slut-burnbook-gif-14001350 I need to go to one You speak about it too much yes? I just read. Cool! wait shut up @Andromeda Philly... as in Pennsylvania??? That's about 5hrs from Boston. my niece/nephew's dad lives in Pennsylvania so we do the drive often. does this mean I gotta get my new car soon? yikes sjdkfhg go faeeeee if you come to where Fae lives, we can go to the casino its perfectly between us soooo both of my discussions are gonna be late. one blog will be 2 days late, discussion will be a day late, but I did the quiz on time and scored a 90% choose your battles, kids. your comment and question aren't aligning do you want us to tell you what you radiate or are we suggesting formal wear colors? radiate: dark blue, grey, black
formal wear colors: those exact ones + white, brown/tan technically any color works, its the style burgundy is a good one kyo has shown half his face to me jfc I felt it coming son wait hold on how was work??? you work tomorrow too, don't you? sadfghjy wait ignore that LMFAO its midnight here I had a brain fart how bad is it? compared to the other day meds don't help or just for a while? I'd call out. Just to play it safe. Not that I think what you have is contagious but given you don't know what it is and its just better for everyone warning, some places don't care as long as there's no fever Yes, youtube videos are so clutch in the health field. I know my fair share of stuff explained well shopaholic anonymous lol I've been doing hw since 8am so I can catch up and now I'm taking a break I didn't realize its only 1pm. I swear it was 5-ish I completed one assignment, currently watching a 3hr long film so I can write my other discussion on it and then move on to the new chapter and do this all over again thank you! this is a minor course for nursing. It's world religion so the format is entirely new to me and its packed for week's at a time its stress Aw, you're all amazing. Thank you. You have re-filled me with energy I completed my two discussions board. Waiting for response to do my final discussion. Meanwhile, I gotta read 45 pages to take a test in 3 days... oh and did I mention I work tomorrow and Wednesday? rip :AP_cry: Lu is gonna go home and collapse. Let this be an advice to everyone from mami Lu. You will always take your break, maybe it’s earlier than you want or later than you wish, but take that damn break. Its a literal policy to take a break (and how long to take it!) depending on your hours. Are you a server, bartender, host, or busboy? Tell me what? I can’t believe you felt like you had to say this I’m ashamed I am disappointed facts Anyways enjoy your keyboard No I just got out the shower I am going to eat something and go to sleep. I was woken up 3x last night and had a heavy assignment today. I barely finished an hour after I was supposed to clock out white rice and some stewed chicken very Hispanic lol It’s delicious and easy to make Kyo when do you work again? did you end up calling out Oh there is my answer Lit More time you spend on your fancy keyboard I haven’t had a good look at it, what’s on it? I need thinking they’re animals at first glance but not sure you’ll have to type for me on vc later this week Oh I thought the one near the shift key was a shark Guess I wasn’t too off Right LMAO Close enough Why?? Thank you btw! Didn’t mean to ignore you @faede I skimmed earlier and noticed you said maybe like two words. Hope you’re okay and I love you I love tattoos, it’s a surprise I only have one LOL it’s the energy I give off I got hella piercings Tattoo care:
1. No scratching.
2. Keep out of sunlight for the first 3-6 months. Honestly, go for as long as you can.
3. No chlorinated water for just as long.
4. Put gel on the area to help heal and keep moist to prevent irritation.
5. Touch ups are gonna happen, especially if colorful. My tat is very simplistic. I can show it but it’s a Capricorn zodiac sign and my father’s DOB I got it at 18 just to show him how much he meant to me, being the literally “trunk” of the family and I put it somewhere it’s just noticed if you stare or depending how I dress/wear my hair don’t regret but if I waited til I was older I would’ve switched the concept some basic tattoos are the ones that mean the most. I like intricate shit for the most part but I went easy for my first. My friends went more wild and all hate theirs so I win lol I was gonna do a quarter sleeve and a thigh/hip piece and just never went through with them. I had them all drawn too honestly? I respect tf out of people who get something just cause they like it I wish I could but I gotta add meaning to it or I’ll regret it My friend in Cali goes to this tattoo shop on Halloween cause they raffle off tats. The other place put the tattoo sketches into those little plastic lid cups and you put in the quarter and take one out. You get tatted the one that comes out. That shit is so cool to me. I wish I had the balls idk, I was more reckless back then. Might be years from now when I watch to switch up the look Actually scratch that, I always said I’ll get a tattoo with my hubby. Not his name or a matching one, but a similar idea I like the thought of a peek-a-boo tat. I call it peek a boo, most people call it secret tats. I just mean one where it won’t be seen in passing, you’d have to look for it and I’ll end it there unless you wanna head into NSFW lol my little Fae was typing uwu :02HeartLove: fae a baddie like their mom I’m gonna take them to get their first of course my two kiddos getting tatted the same day a mother’s dream the way you didn’t ping me thin ice son ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I have homework due tomorrow and I work tomorrow so im gonna get that squared away, then help my mother be a decent human, eat, and then I’m yours. Hopefully. Not apoco without me 😭 GO CRAZY AHHH GO STUPID AHHH GUYS HELP my friend called me yesterday when I got out of work because this guy she had a massive crush on and was friends with a celebrity (but she interacted with him various times irl and social media) ||committed suicide||. We were on the phone throughout my entire drive home, with her just sobbing. She got called today that her phone was paired to the company car and her company manager overheard the entire call LMFAOOOOO SHE SAID SHE IS QUITTING AND THE END OF THE CALL I ASKED ABOUT WORK AND SHE COMPLAINED ABOUT THE SAME MANAGER WHO OVERHEARD THE CALL FOR NOT DOING HIS JOB IM crying rn 😂😂😂 she’s mortified and I think this is so funny SCREAMING Spoiler tag for trigger! But it’s the celebs friend, the guy she has a crush on JAZ SPOILER TAG NOT BOLD haha it’s okay! Thanks. It made me laugh much more This day is a mess WAIT THAT’S ME I was sniped I didn’t What was it Hope everything is okay firework. If you need advice we’re here if we’re able I’m in class all morning but if you feel the need to vent, go for it. I’ll respond as soon as I can. correct me if I am wrong but I thought all state board medical exams were pass-fail? the machine does the grading but you only know if you reached the mark with the results no actual grade given Aye What??? Oh the knot is too tight If you have the patience to try and de-knot I’d do it If it’s bad, cut it off I’ll pay for a new one lol I don’t think rational thinking helps when you’re stuck in clothes. It’s suffocating Spread the material so it thins it I do that with bandages at work. Kinda helps. Still gotta cut a lot I one got stuck in a tight slip on dress I tried to pull off over my head Most intense 5 minutes of my life. I feel your pain. LMAO Bro to the rescue. I love it. FAE hahahahaha “Dad I used your robe”
“I also kinda got stuck….”
“…. You also need a new fabric string to tie it” I can’t rashronk I trust you with my child and my step hubby I have too many assignments to do for this week and only today to do them. I promise I’ll be okay ❤️ Have fun for me It’s about religion so are you good? Buddhism, is this week. HEY, I LOVE THAT. I might have you help write a blog on it (one of my assignments) but I’ll read and watch a film first I just never have anything good to write on 😂😂 Okay! I’ll make sure to message when I make my decision. Thanks! No, shrek is so much better than this. And I mean zero offense. I just love shrek I KNOW. Hmm, poppers got a good bite to them. The spicyness varies from places but if you enjoy spicy things, it’s a good one to go for! This didn’t age well I like to think mine is wrong hi fae ❤️ too early to be arguing turtles cute! its cause she's gotten a taste of it viv no safe that for the dm's bby LOL you know its true when its put there for you peachy kween that looks like the pixelberry thing dehydrated and after a rough winter shonny, do not sass your grandmother she will get the wooden spoon tf is a switch lmao not the whole family confused AYE viv don't white shame my bby I'll fight why didn't you just say stick acting all cool is it the one that looks like a drumstick cause I think I know what you talking about chanclas, cause the rubber smacks leaves a nice sound when you're walking around too. slap slap slap hell yeah https://tenor.com/view/chancla-throw-target-slipper-gif-16481453 this is me practicing for the kids @azula lemme find the one video of this mom throwing the perfect chancla down the street perfect aim she my inspo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBAyqHsRIss go momma! yes lu is doing homework and gonna go to the pharmacy I'll join after I will join because you're excited 🥺  thank you baby don't deserve the kind words ilysm, thanks for being the best What??? Okay lol. Yeah I was confused by the laughing comment. Only people who weren’t raised like that don’t laugh. Plus the story behind it was that the brother’s were egging her on and that’s why they were happy it connected @faede @rashon24 I watched Spiral, the side movie to Saw.  It isn’t bad but it isn’t great either. Less gore and police oriented. I like Chris Rock and wanted to give him a shot. This wasn’t the breakout movie for him in the horror genre but I wouldn’t be opposed of him trying again The dumbest thing to make me laugh was when he slammed the door in Will’s face lmao. His little “I’ll be outside… I’ll be outside…” I watched it online. Can send you the link if you want it. Really good quality The dialogue was so bland. I was like homie… do better Surprisingly the partner was interesting with barely anything that he did I know. When the bigger box was sent, I did the dreaded “not him” cause there’s always at least one person in the saw movie that I like 4/10 I just finished it and will watch it again for you both if you want lmao hw is done I sent them the link so whenever they're ready :) rn or too soon lmao I think I can actually stay awake tonight Ayyy this bitch ..... rn means rn fool go wash that swamp ass scaddaddle drew, wanna join us? Kyo, its Saw's side movie sure! aww, yeah. probs not best if you join we love to see it what does horror mean to you? which aspect of it is the worst, I mean omg kyo, I will hold your hand that is adorable oh...... well, I guess no hands for you I lied 👐 oh yeah, stay away from the franchise lmao I feel you, Rae I can handle a lot but I always make it seem worse for others so they don't go into a movie blind AC is officially installed LMAOOO Pri, your mom is hilarious! lemme finish up my hw and I'll join for a bit everyone be prepared to enjoy how clumsy and bad at it I am boy if you don't shut your ass up gimme one too get back to your own business smooth, real smooth. on that note, I'm going back to what I was doing. don't miss me too much WOOO! Congratulations son! You deserve it I decided to scroll through fb and Spiral came up. The comments are basically us last night @faede The last person posted Marty too 😂😂 Smooth asf This Bruins game is so intense Nail bitter we lost :( 5-4 Islanders Always tied it eh, you build tolerance I gotta be a certain type of fucked to go for gin That or trying to hold my own against others I remember I was at a pool party and they were drinking gin on rocks 💀 Bitch was wavy Es que ta bueno 🔥 Happy birthday!! Guess who got a raise! :tlDeerDance: That squirrel got a fatty me     squirrels
       🤝
 gettin nutty im gonna have to pay taxes this year cause of the sudden influx of income rip well, next year I’m putting food on the table This is the other thing I am happy about. So close, yet so far I’m so mad. The Bruins are facing elimination because they won’t pull their injured goalie I hate it here. Fuck Cassidy Fuck Rask I hate it here x2 Just hockey things Yes NHL It’s fun! and they do I like angry, hot guys with no teeth 😂 https://tenor.com/view/montreal-canadiens-boston-bruins-fight-fighting-hockey-gif-16290265 My kinda game It’s the way the Bruins shouldn’t have lost for me Someone sign me to be their coach. I’ll get the cup ohmygod Next season. You and me. All games. I’ll teach you everything I just know Kyo will be a shootout fan WHAT SPORT DO YOU KNOW?! I can teach you all of them. I don’t like soccer but a bitch knows what she gotta know Oh that sucks If I learn it, will you let me teach you one sport? Oh I just mean taek itself I’ll enroll into a class 😂 it’s good exercise and I get what I want Win-Win I’ll Google some around me and you’ll be the judge There’s a lot of Brazilian jiu jitsu near me but I haven’t seen much others I agree with this for what I’ve seen Haha it’s done! I shouldn’t laugh but that’s such a mood If you’re this nervous is because you care and if you care than you took time to study. My fingers crossed for you! Nearly everyone passes if they all scored in the same area So the average of the class goes up LMAO you might’ve hindered the curve it might still be done but you have to be close enough for it to work Changing the weight is good if you did poorly. It means it affects you less (your grade won’t be as lowered) Weighed grades suck when you’re doing good because it might not give you enough points to bump up I can’t speak for your parents or what they would do but no child should have a breakdown because of a class. If taking some time to recover before you do other courses (or even continue with the degree), that’s a conversation you need to have and soon. @faede the easiest way I can explain it is that the teacher finds the average of the grade that won’t bring high scoring students grade down, but will raise low scoring students up. there’s different methods to it but the common one is that they toss questions and will award those who got it wrong the points but those who did get it right won’t receive extra credit Is there a way to build a schedule where it’s less clustered around the more difficult courses so you have more time and energy? Maybe that will help you if you don’t drop the minor Obviously, do what is best for you. If you don’t think the minor if worth it, by all means focus on your major. I know it’s not easy cause you prob need certain amount of credits in a timeframe but just throwing out suggestions that’s worked for me I have dark eye bags Wow, thanks hospital. It only took you 36+ hrs a week, for 7 weeks. ayo gamer squad https://www.epicgames.com/store/en-US/p/discord--discord-nitro check out this cool offer for free nitro Waitlisted means that they’re filling up spots per cancellations. Since during these times there’s a high demand I’d call back and just check in, if there aren’t any opens spots, you might have to wait longer or go somewhere else Feel free to ask them to recommend someone else, so you’re more comfortable with another person if you’re up to it Hi swell babe how are you? I'm trying to find a free version of my assignment its.... going documentary that apparently PBS does not want me watching in Boston The Story of the Jews by Simon Shama. I found clips on dailymotion. hope its right oop Should be. I know nothing love you andra I have to read 60 pages, rip. welcome @hanssolo! help yourself in #roles by assigning what you're interested in If I had the chance to have him, point blank. I need nothing else Yes. Confirmed. If I can get young Jude Law with present Jude Law’s *experience* Swoon. Idris Elba, Scott Eastwood, Will Smith, Zac Efron, Chris Evans… The possibilities are endless. listen, I’d do their daddy and then tuck them in bed. Best nanny ever. HEAVEN BREAK UP WITH YOUR BF, CAUSE I’M BORED Imagine writing the banger Lemonade and then getting back with his nasty ass I wanted to revoke her bad bitch card Ladies, don’t ever talk shit about your partner to your friends and then get back together. How tall is lady Gaga? I’m shorter than both of them? 👁️👄👁️ Now now, the only person allowed to punt Viv’s ass is Kyo We know this. a n y w a y s Viv is short and skinny and I’m shorter and thick Ain’t never seen two pretty best friends til now she’s always ready with it https://tenor.com/view/gay-twerk-gif-14013113 5’4 is like average for girls last I heard I remember cause I felt insulted that I was way under the norm Someone said that size 8 was the average shoe size for girls and I wanted to cry cause I’m size 6-7 and thought my feet are huge I’m a fucking mess …. I lied in my license skdhdhsjsh @azula why are we the same?! 💀💀💀 Yes, yes I am. My mom and dad were very upset when I registered. There’s a lot of myths that scares people from doing it. God forbid, but if I die tomorrow, I want to save lives postmortem. It’s an amazing thing, really. It’s because people think if you’re critical, they won’t save you once they realize you’re a donor, which is false. We triage from severity, and if someone has no hope, we sadly won’t spent time on it and move to someone else that urgently needs attention. the OH chapter with the ||mass casualty|| did really good depicting the reality of how it is in the hospital during these events. mhm, we really do just tag people and send them off to be assisted. I also watched this show called The Good Doctor, although obviously medical shows are dramatized, the last two part finale of the season was the surgeons going to Guatemala and do 12 surgeries. They had to rank everyone who showed up for who would win a spot. It’s so terrible but so realistic. The whole propaganda behind it. It’s a good watch Basically, they needed 12 surgeries that didn’t take too much resources and were >90% success rate. If patients survived, more would go to the hospital. If they didn’t, you would lose more of them because of fears. Honestly, it can be said for a lot of careers, but it’s all management and money. There’s stuff that happens in the hospitals that I don’t agree with and act as much as bushy tailed, bright eyed MC. I don’t toss my morals to the side but I do stand by the stuff I can handle. This is another common one! Those fears are quite valid, especially in the more higher crime rate areas! You shouldn’t go announcing you’re a donor tbh, no one knows but you, who sees your license, and the DMV/state.  It’s just a little symbol on it and after that, no one else knows. I think doctor’s offices stopped asking too. They only ask if you’re willing if you’re on the list to receive transplant or if you’re trying to match Insurance it’s a huge thing. There’s policies and procedures of how to go about things to get coverage for a patient. When I was at the nursing home and needed blood draws, I had to go through their medical history and put my only pertinent diagnosis in order for insurance to cover the labs. If I didn’t, we would get billed and you’d get in trouble. …. Someone stop me from babbling, I just get so heated skdhdhsjsh Paying for medical insurance and then not using it really sucks cause then you lower your premium plan and then suddenly have to pay out of pocket for whatever comes up Free healthcare  pls ONE LAST THING:
If you go to the hospital, ask for your bill to be itemized. Viv that’s so legit. I had a Mexican pt inform me of the healthcare fraud he committed because it hindered his discharge plans, which I was in charge of. He was scared I obviously didn’t say anything and discharged him. Hope he’s doing well Sometimes the villains aren’t the ones breaking the law but the ones who mold and bend the rules with their wealthy influence. Fuck capitalism. I haven’t had one as of yet, luckily. Someone needs to have insurance to come to us and if they’re having problems with that, social work and case management takes over and looks around with their connections to get them covered. It’s out of my hands. I’ve had patients who file their meds under a spouse’s name and insurance. I’ve had a patient who threatened ||self-harm|| because he was homeless and didn’t what to be back on the streets, and I’ve had transgendered patients who you 100% don’t out. It’s matter of saying the right things, behaving neutrally, and just focusing on the issue at had. Recently, we’ve changed where patients have complete access to their online medical records and see what we document in their notes for other providers. There’s been a change in tone and words chosen to explain their stay. It’s for the better tbh yeah, labs, procedure, notes, etc yeah, common stuff is moving away from medical abbreviations that they don’t understand We can’t say someone refused meds anymore, we have to say decline since it paints a less aggressive photos. We can’t talk about someone’s behavior in a subjective manner, all objective I went to a baseball game two days ago, full capacity. No masks unless the specific private establishments requires it We still use masks in the hospital, but I think it’ll be gone by next winter State by state varies but MA is 100% back to pre-pandemic You do what you want. I still use masks when I go inside to places, don’t use them when I’m outside. It’s weird, that first moment when you get the choice to take off the masks. Like there’s no harm if you keep it on, but it’s weirdly emotional. I didn’t cry but it just felt like… another world. Walking around Boston to the game without my mask. Everyone just smiling and being drunks like before you go emo goth cutie all my masks are black. I wear black scrubs It’s prob so scary for the unit to see 😂 White girls: white masks with flowers 💐 🌸 🌹 
Me with my simple black masks: 🖤✔️⚫️🏴‍☠️🕶 Oh I would’ve thrown it out the window lmao No regrets 👀 LMAO I LOVED THAT SHOW I’m the gf https://tenor.com/view/grim-reaper-dancing-grooves-spotlight-the-grim-adventures-of-billy-and-mandy-gif-17063569 Billy and the damn spider lsadkjfhbg @rashon24 do you wanna change your name? shrek night is over its your name homie why would someone do your job for you fix it for me pls it bothers me' go back to your name any askers? 😜 fae just *gets* me we love to see it every day @rashon24 regresa papi, haz lo que dije por favor "widely used phrases" sladkfjhg yes, I call boys papi and I always want them to do what I say tf you mean lmao, papi chulo is more like a joke thing tbh papi is legit :merulove: @DaHomieDrew ily ♥️ @faede *ahem* WE NEED TO DO SOMETHING BIG FOR YOUR 1 YEAR Depends. Do we disagree because you know better or are you in denial of the truth I need context If you want my opinion If you’re willingly to risk it and will take accountability of your decision when you face the consequences by all means, go. You’ll never know which choice was the right choice, even when you make one. You’ll just know how you feel afterwards it’s done with how much is minecraft? ayo viv, what's your venmo? NO KYO STOP NOT AGAIN I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD AND ALL THAT IS HOLY I NEED TO BUY YOU AND KYO SOMETHING OR I WILL EXPLODE a n y t h i n g that you do not own so do I An office assistant/secretary. The only thing you might dislike is the phone and checking people in but aside from that everything else is 95% you being on your own Leaving work to rush home and write a 600 word response due by midnight A race against the clock People who don’t like Poppy never met a bad bitch. LMAO YES THANK YOU Only the real ones remember HER OUTFIT So cute!!! Viv is all hearts, no eyes Rn It’s me, my stage name is Moana. Keep it moving Back that arch Arch that back yooo Where are my gays who don’t know math?? Represent! I literally was so ready to hear about all these things and a patient crashed lmao I ran from the break room to the code blue and now my stomach hates me I was eating a pizza 😭 Unresponsive person, no pulse, etc She’s alive tho! She’s going to the CCU now. I’m back for the drama Is your community college not American or public? love it it’s ||motor vehicle accidents, gang violence, and cancer|| for me. No ||suicides|| for any of my friends of alum. 5150 are so fun Oop Never admitted one but I’ve had patients who were 5150. Some because they were ||self harming||, others for having a psychotic break, others for wanting to harm us People are usually scared of taking care of those types of patients but I love them. I’ll take one any day come to mama lol Alive ily gj on being you Someone pls remind me to do my hw tomorrow I can’t keep staying up til midnight after my shifts to submit assignments maybe during afternoon, I always start off well, I get distracted later on vroom vroom, you in me car ugh amazing. thanks. good thing about this is that I’m off tomorrow is that I’ll be more active let’s see what mess will happen tomorrow with me around 👀 morning Ray, hope you have a good day! It was great! Everyone was so happy that I was on my own with 4 pts and apparently I did a good job. They heard that I was on a previous floor and they were scared that I was gonna leave them soon lol. Kept asking me if I’m staying on the unit cause they don’t want me to leave They’re really kind and supportive. Every time I feel like I need help, someone is there for me It’s definitely one of the better places I’ve work at Lmao Rashon, I love the affirmation but don’t boost my ego not until I have an actual year under my belt :FoxSniffleCry: :tlHugs: It’s raining and very gloomy, just want to stay in my bed all day do it, just snuggle all the cats and lay there I’m mad at Bel. End tweet. Sorry! I really like my snuggle with a blanket and watch movies all day weather. Come to the east coast and you’ll have more of those Come to the dark side Disgusting. Only Pitbull That’s just who I am 👠👢👡 🤸‍♀️ She hurt anyone that gets involved if I stop having a migraine I will join No, I’m cooking to see if it’ll help. Been having cold water. If that doesn’t work I’ll take meds Thank you :) I love getting the nuggets combo but my friend gets their potato and chili bowl and it was really good honey mustard, sweet n sour Cool!! Excited to see their stuff Yes, why? Hispanic culture here… parents give their kids a peck on the lips. It’s usually something that stops around toddler age but I am also aware of white people who continue as adults. and yeah, my friends/classmates who have kids named them creatively or just names they like Dario, Mya, Clemente (Klim for short), Kingston, Javier, etc He’s white mixed with Italian heritage I liked the name too He’s a cutie oh I forgot to respond, Ross and Monica were affectionate siblings and sometimes it was a bit borderline but opinion’s on it vary depending on your own upbringing My family was rarely affectionate besides standard greetings which are kiss on the cheek. So, to see others be more affectionate doesn’t bother me but it’s something that I just see as “different” or sometimes even too much that seems disingenuous lol There’s also the joke that Monica had her first kiss with Ross which was accidental so it just paints a bad picture Hey Thea! welcome to the server :) MORNING FAE MORNING EVERYONE HI FIREWORK I'm doing better today, getting ready to do more hw how are you babe? go sleep some more today is a little bit more pretty but still ugly enough to take another lazy day :CB_clapclap: I am being incredibly lazy today won't play but will keep you company yay rip paying my respects lmao viv really said fuck this comb its me shaking my booty to this cause I heard it in my head I love that intro so much 'Yonce all on his mouth like liquor 🔥 me either! Lemonade is just chef kiss I blast Formation on the freeway a little too often for the morning commute's liking skadjfhg lmao I love you I don't like her fans, they def hype her up more but she's good at what she does and she's so far been a good role model lkwdmasfjndghrt I recall Raini being bullied but wasn't into the stuff I forgot the whole story SKINNY LEGEND LMAO I REMEMBER THAT mariah carey tho KIK STFU that used to be my hoe app als;dmkfjngh @Andromeda @faede I will literally make a server for this lmfao lmao name it the confessional and the pfp is a porta potty Morning! RAYY I feel gross and tired but I only work 8hrs today instead of 12hrs so I’m excited to return to my bed My day has been so stressful for 8hrs. I just got to sit and I leave in 40 minutes with none of my notes done. down for tonight No, it’s fine. they just gave me a really hard assignment and it’s good practice but I’m literally drowning They acknowledged that they gave me a hard one but this floor suddenly just has a lot of critical people of all different circumstances so we’re all swamped Lol I appreciate it despite your being tired I’m getting as much help as I can Just gotta get used to it Once I get home I’ll tell you it LMAO THEY JUST PAGED ME THAT MY NEW ADMISSION HAS TO BE TRANSFERRED OFF UNIT So skdhdhsjsh LET ME EAT! I can’t wait to have one of these horrible days and then @kyo calls me to report about my patient he had down in imaging It’ll truly complete the circle me: *picks up the phone* please put me out of misery.
kyo: no, your patient needs a repeat scan because they wouldn’t sit still. Medicate them next time bitch. I’m not kidding, I’ve had this happen to me 😭 ngl it’s not good teamwork. He’d do more for me than I would do for him lol I appreciate the break tho Bet. Kyo is gonna see me back my dumb truck up in his room and bang his head on the table for daring me My hospital is a really good hospital. Works with Harvard so I am a Harvard associate :P I got burned :( wait, sorry it wasn’t at work lmao. although I did once unplug a machine in my old place and it nearly started a fire I just have bad luck my burn was because I removed something from the over and forgot what happened but someone said something to me while bumping into me so I turned around and the oven plate touched me Life hates me rn Still gonna twerk and work tho lmao I’m really good at ignoring the bad until I have a mental breakdown once a year For everyone asked me how, I have a good handle in my emotions but I come from a family/culture where your problems are minuscule to others so unless I’m telling someone straight up to fuck off, you don’t talk about. I’ve had to deal with a lot from a young age and knew it wouldn’t change so I shoved it down my throat and told myself to get over it. I’ve recently allowed myself to be more open and share (even if it’s minimizing it with jokes) but I’ll have about one huge cry a year where I sulk in everything that’s wrong with my life and then wipe my tears and move on. Improvement lmao. I take advantage of my worst days and just let it go wild. I lock myself in my room or in the shower and tell myself that if I won’t let it out now, I won’t let it out any other day. It takes time but I know when it’s time for it, I feel it building up, and I just take advantage of my worst days or just over exagerarte my one inconvenience and go apeshit Thanks babe, ily. Thanks everyone but I’m honestly ok. Not a good coping mechanism but I’m chilling Facts @FraternalGemini trust me, I felt embarrassed and dumb after the first time I did it. I called myself a pussy but I promise you, it feels good. The exhaustion nap you take afterwords is the best I’m gonna beat you just saying Control your damn dog Kyo. I can’t handle an accident kyo helicoptered that leash and she said sike I need help someone do my hw so I can go to NY FACTS I love you so much. I wish I was driving on my own or I’d scoop you up Fae It’s world religions. I have a lot to do so I guess I gotta start today :( It’s Christianity this week Lmao Andra skdhdhsjsh It’s Rae rejecting my advances but still offering assistance We love to see it I have to watch a film, read the chapter, and then write a blog, discussions, respond to both with 6 evidences referencing to the text and film. And then a quiz. actually quiz first but I’m tired Your mom is a gem LMFAO kyo got jokes today You just spoiled I would’ve fed myself My anatomy and physiology was like that. You studied everything and came to the front and got asked one or two questions. If you were prepared for that, you clearly studied It is luck but what in life isn’t? Every day is about something going your way or not Kyo did your nephew end up doing all his hw? School ended right? his work assignments kept me up at night lmao My nephew is flunking a class and has this week to make it up I’m so mad at him Lazy little shit Metta, do my hw and I’ll do the taxes I’m good with numbers Gimme all the spreadsheets 😂😂 Hella mad I came in and did all the stuff that took everyone half a year I need to hear him scold you It sounds so funny gl at therapy! give up lmao I eat and call it a break breaks are healthy and helps you retain info if you force your brain to pay attention and its just not able to, everything will be forgotten My nursing class had a meeting today and two nurses from my floor were in it and they just complimented me. They told all my managers how I’m doing great and look more experienced than I give myself credit for I’m going to cry @هسك. Welcome! I dig your pfp, but Gwen and Duncan are superior LMAO fight me I like Courtney and Duncan best because that's my love story that second part is debatable wait stop, don't give me a frowny face not allowed :( sad face lol omg NO happy face....? well, wtf uberbot ): this friendship is not starting off well I do accept that baddies 4 lyf success! Kyo needs to come back and inform me on his dad’s logic of having the spare key I need opinions. Newsletter came out about my residency group with our headshots (ugh, I look terrible in mine because after 12hr shift shit) but I’m nervous to share on fb. I’m really big on superstitions and hate for all the haters out there to push some bad luck on to me but I want to celebrate this amazing opportunity I’ve been given and have been doing secretly since December. Do I post it and say fuck it or do I just hold onto the news until graduation? I love you, thank you. No one will say anything bad to my face, they know I'd fight, but I do have cousins who are jealous of me and give me bad vibes. They're always trying to upstage me and I trust in the evil eye too much Everything has been going great so far and it gives me actual stomach ache to think it gets ruined by them. I don't deserve you 🥺 thank you, Cress! okay, I posted it. :tlKisses: to all of you I know he had it. My question was the reason behind him thinking that idea cause I have a theory, but wanted you to confirm Ogurl sexy the bar next to my house has short rib grilled cheese and it sounds delicious @faede. If I eat that, will it make you happy or does it have to be an OG grilled cheese? your pfp reminds me of Loki omg And yay! It looks really good so next time I go, or have time to order out, I will. I KNEW IT I LOVE IT are you watching his show?? I haven’t watched it yet but I’m curious excited I just found out that there’s 3 boozy ice cream near where I live Score. @Brohepsi I’m not treating it as if it’s a slur. I clearly said that you can claim it if you want but there are people that disagree with it so why not just use a term for everyone to be happy about? I also failed to add, but those who use it to claim it, have to be personally affected by it. I haven’t, so I won’t. Those who haven’t, shouldn’t either. ^^ my point exactly. Forcing VS enforcing. Did you know that these terms were actually invented due to the BMI scale which has continued to be shut down because of how horrible it is to the mental health of people? It’s one of the main causes of body dysmorphia and eating disorders It’s a work in process, but medical field is trying to move away from it. Bepa, I’m happy to read of your struggles and offer emotional support but can you spoiler tag the triggering parts Thank you People self-insert, so calling a character that exist or one to be created “fat” when it’s a heavy concept to them can potentially ruin the magic You can certainly relate to NPC. And the post wasn’t only about NPC, it was just more body diversity in choices for representation. anything that makes you go “wow, that looks like me” or a friend/loved one. Feel free to use it where others aren’t harmed by it. Anyways, I’m gonna buy pizza cause I just rocked my exam this morning and I’m in a cheery mood I still want that short rib grilled cheese I went to sleep thinking of it Curse the only delivery system pls Google it. Delish sorry, mom can’t cook for you today. She’s got a ton on her plate Trying to save her grade lmao LMAO. Yes She boutta punch the air :ASDESUthanks: I have 3 more weeks left, I think. Close Suddenly I remember the times you’ve tried to rile me up 😏 kidding, you’re safe today …. Shall I look this up? 👀 I’m having pizza delivered from a new place. Fingers crossed they’re yummy Philly cheesesteak… steak, pepper, onions. Got some apps too I have two assignments due at midnight and I’m procrastinating with food lol I’d share with everyone if I could anhiro likes pineapples, I remember this Do you like them cold crunchy or more on the warm and soft side? someone of you are scared to try it and that's adorable It's not at all bad. not my fave but I won't be opposed to having a slice when offered I had chicken alfredo on a pizza and that was a mindfuck lol it was good, but something was just off lol buffalo chicken pizza with that ranch drizzle over it? bomb this old restaurant used to have it flatbread style and I was so sad when they closed they didn't bounce back from covid :( you're the exception since we've talked about pizza toppings before and you mentioned trying it as I tell the kids, can't say you don't like it if you haven't bothered to try it suddenly I am thinking of ladyfingers and ground beef iykyk Friends episode, Rachel tries to make a dessert but the cookbook pages are stuck together so its half dessert and half meatloaf or something like that its funny, if you're into their sense of humor fitting for the time it was made, people now have a problem with it since it crosses some lines it was a funny episode, I love Judy so much I teared up when she and Jack were at the reunion talking about loving them as if they were their actual kids wholesome I haven't watched that one haven't gotten around to it myself HAHAAHHAHA *confused, grumble* I LIKE IT Fae, I can do this all day ilysm brightened up my night :ACOSP_bc_happy: lmaooooo yup, he thought everything was on point skjdhfdgf Joey is great @rashon24 ayo happy day! Wanna expand on our family? 😏😜 Ray, I understand where you’re coming from and you feel like being in this channel where we’re speaking about our Father’s is triggering, pls take care of yourself and maybe step away from the server for the day? just remember to be aware of your limits and know when it’s too much discord is just an app, so you always have the choice of just logging out and leaving. Pls remember that Go focus on catching a good night’s rest Meddling with me life I’m totally kidding, but not really. He’s super aware and into everything I do as his way to show support lmaoo. His own hobbies is now rollerblading and cycling!! I want to bubble wrap my old man cause I don’t need him breaking anything maybe your dad should help me shop for a new car! FAE YOUR DAD IS ALL AMERICAN SURBURBAN DAD I FUCKING LOVE IT BBQ at Fae’s house!! brb gonna gofundme a new grill for Fae’s dad I love grills! I want to be a good grill-er but that’s a lot of effort I’m not getting in the way of man’s special relationship with the grill I’ll just handle the kids 😂 Fo sho, he knows how get me nice and hot Adorable My marshmallow popcorn dkdhdhjss I love it WAIT Sassy toddler alert!! I have a video of lil ole me fighting my big brother It’s me throwing my baby bottle at him and then waving goodbye to the camera I’m 24, my sister is 35 and my brother is 39. Guys he has green eyes like me 💁🏻‍♀️ Total catch Mom, she has hazel blue, he has hazel brown and I have hazel green Also for those who watched the video, I was blondie as a child and then it grew out into lowlights so I never knew what to call my hair color 😂😂 My nephew has these big brown teddy bear eyes and it was love at first sight I love them so much!! My family has lots of colored eyes. I know they’re recessive but ain’t nothing but domination in these genes I say green, pretty sure the correct term is hazel It depends on the day/clothes BLUEEEE The far way photos don’t do my eyes justice lol Doesn’t it suck Rae? I know blue eyes that are seen miles away but ours is like nope, any lil shadow and now it’s just indiscernible stormy blue hot Your eyes are also dark and teddy bear like I love it T e d d y b e a r wait you wax??? I love this!! Can we talk about the different types of waxing people oh Nvm HAHAHAH Oh shit, Rae is green green She beats me LMAO ngl just that little glimpse reminds me of three girls I went to middle school with Arm reveal y’all couldn’t have done this when I had my nails done? Smh Lu is one of those Hispanics with long nails all the time She is the stereotype AYYYY Lu at different night out stages @rashon24 guess what I’m rapping to Viv, pls let me convert you to long nail gang HAHAHAH no. I was rapping to Headlines by Drake. Old school Drake all the way baby MA’AM Maybe my hands are small so I don’t have this problem but the sheet of paper is held to cover my fingers, reach back and swipe No nail contact I love the sounds of me angrily typing tho So satisfying Hahahahahah I would convert the entire world to long nail gang Fragile? Yeah, I’m not supposed to have long nails for the program but they are more lenient now Especially since they’re natural I wish I had my old phone filled with my Snapchat’s. I did monthly new nail check in with my hand on the steering wheel Bad bitch, basic bitch energy Bye Viv, ily. gn Lu had this beer in a choke hold 😭😭 I’m just going through all my old pics to find my nails are you ok? Say potato Viv is so spooked she spelled frog right I hate it Calm down tony stark https://tenor.com/view/miss-j-awkward-uh-speechless-gif-5904913 I love that gif so much A total mood Y’all I was supposed to shop for new uniforms and then my car died It be your own They depend on ME I only have a select I can still wear that are comfortable, new, and fits me well. Also tired of washing them every other day Pandemic weight gain made Lu figure go brrrrrr pride month bitches!!! Twerk! :CB_birddance: *elbow nudges your fingers closer* I literally feel like I’m coming down from an acid trip Everything was so big and lovely and now it’s standstill BLASPHEMY https://tenor.com/view/groot-hello-hi-gif-7930972 I support all babies oh so you got like some taste Y’all just exposing Kyo left and right BET :owoGoodbye: Viv got the pee Who got the poo? Kyo is this a popularity contest lmao I can submit something See who reaches first Oh I thought selca was the name of your prom 💀💀💀 I didn’t think it was selfie misspelled LMAO WHAT FOR WHAT? …… I am a boomer I’ve only ever heard you use this Oh METTA STFU you did not know that!!! I will riot. And this is why I’m the mother of the server Soon I’ll be posting selfca of my grey hairs If anyone needs me, I’ll be sitting on the rocking chair in the patio KYO JFC DID YOU APPLY PLS SAY YES oh my god this is why I should've asked you to stay I was but it keeps disconnecting me hold ob yes hmmm how do you feel about omelettes? I'd look at different recipes of omelettes and maybe craft up something nice maybe a side of home fries that's my usual and I'm always happy what's that, like what is your version Sounds like you’re on the tract to an amazing morning and you deserve it slow, self-paced Monday's set the mood for the week I try hard as I can getting those off they really said less toss this kid into rush times wack ew, double wack yes, where they accidentally forgot to schedule it right? still mad so they were like nah, if you won't come in when we want you too, you're not coming in at all no more than 20hrs???? what what was she hired for> oh I read it wrong!
I thought they said she can't work more than that if she requested, obvs I am cool with that bro wtf is that I like how she has 10hrs racked up in two days and they said lets hit her with the remaining 10hrs in one day but didn't remove the other two fucking idiots those the same kind of ppl who will be like "oh that was a mistake" when you correct them homegirl better defend herself she better tell them either they remove that long ass day or remove two of the shorter ones their choice, but she only showing up to one of those options Has anyone here never had a cavity? We were talking about this at my job and apparently it’s uncommon that I never had one Nope I don’t even know what you do with a cavity? I had to Google how they fix it lol VIV JFC Was it painful??? Does cavity equal holes or do they start off as the little weird tar spot? I’m confusion. I have an appointment Wednesday and I’m just gonna question them how common this is p a s t a lsjdhsjsjsjs okay so if you have the buildup but no hole… what do you do? Why would you drill a hole to no hole? WHAT IS THE REASON bruh this is a whole lot of back and forth. I’m glad I didn’t have to do any of this Girl I don’t need the entire lesson Get to the good part! Paste She means paste thank you for the summary Anhiro Can you tell difference Interesting Are you talking about enamel? I thought it was just a weird fat deposits in your face it’s a skin thing, not a muscle iirc I have double dimples, the cheek ones and the little ones that surround your mouths Chubby cheeks gang this is an older photo of me but it kinda shows what I mean about the dimples holy shit I was so fucking tan. I used to tan religiously over the summer and used tanning beds lol. I have more photos of me being more naturally tan but it fades the minute winter comes I’ve been thinking of going back to lighter ngl. The cut was my fave. I love short layers Take that you bully! LMAOOO don’t come for my lack of tan during the pandemic I was being a good girl 😂😂😂 It’s a joke lol. It’s cause you said the lighting was helping me but the light did do god’s work in that photo anyways I still got a wisdom tooth I gotta remove from my mouth THE RACHEL!!! Omg I didn’t even think of that. One of the best ones yet I forgot which online magazine it was but after the friends reunion they did a whole segment on celebrities who tried and failed it Was so adorable It’s my right lower. It’s on its side so I have to get surgery and I never found the right time between work and school I totally teared up too!! Jack and Judy nearly made me lose it cute little seniors Burn I would lose my shit Mine don’t hurt at all! It’s just there but I should do something cause they said that it’s curving the roots of my other tooth wack maybe when I get paid vacation I was chilling in my college before class and my classmate stopped mid sentence and stared at the stairs to the library with this horrid expression. We all turned to watch this little mice just hop down the steps! It was so funny, I wish I could’ve filmed it Fae you can’t tell me it hurts :(( I don’t like anything that has to do with mouths! I told you it was my weakness Disgusting do you not have coyotes where you live? oh shit, lactose intolerant. How did you live?? eh, I’m not a sweets person so I’ll just be happy to lose weight true probs every variation of it I like soup. I can do this I’ve never had porridge Ngl I used to think it was a fairytale thing Oh I won’t like this then… we do sweet rice which sounds similar to this consistency and I just avoid it at all costs YEAH NO FUCK PORRIDGE you mean when I’m high out of my mind?? were you out of it? I’m sure I won’t be too bad but I like those fb videos bro I love to laugh but I cover my mouth when I do it so idk if they think that’s the way to go They’ll have to restrain me I did anesthesia when they removed molars for my braces so this might be it for me yup, sounds like the same process What was the strongest thing you got? They don’t do narcotics like they used to Tylenol with codeine? gimme the percs no I’m totally kidding, my mom would rob me LMAO hmmm, antibiotics with a numb mouth sounds like hell Hopefully it was small Gn ray! I forgot why but I had a patient that had to get 4 huge amoxicillin pills before her dentist appointments to prevent infections and this woman would struggle Oh you might’ve gotten amoxicillin too then ugh yeah, idk when I’ll finally do this Can’t see my job giving me a week off to have it I’ll prob have to switch hours eh, I’ll deal with it when it comes down to it sadly not the only one out there lol ok I love you, hope you have a good day I gotta nap for my night shift ❤️❤️ Am I missing out for not listening to her? she just doesn’t attract any of my cares but I did live for her drama with the HSMTM kid which… for what I understand… is stupid. Poor Joshua. LMAO I don’t know all that Hold on, I’ll tell your what my friend told me So, Joshua and Olivia are in the tv show HSMTM:TS and I guess they hit it off cause they were in basically secretly dating but not really, because she’s younger and he’s older, they couldn’t come out with it. So, they both made an agreement to wait til she’s 18, with apparently Joshua promising to wait for her. Well, he didn’t and got with Sabrina Carpenter. Everyone was hating on him for playing Olivia but they weren’t really ever official. If he did promise to wait, that’s kinda fucked but maybe he did and then met someone new. Idk, but they tried cancelling the poor boy and I think that’s stupid cause he did the right thing. I mean, she was a minor and he said nope, let’s wait til your legal and then found himself a legal girl My friend and I just kept laughing cause they cancelled this boy for not taking advantage of a child how dare they have a moral code I just watched someone break their side view mirrors trying to back out of their parking spot and I’m mortified for them They’re super embarrassed omg I kid you not she took 5 mins to get out of the car and check it cause I was right behind her and she knows I saw it It was a nice SUV. Poor hubby is gonna have a heart attack 6 more hours to go I am gonna get an admission and that makes my total night assignment a whopping 5. I just tried taking a short nap during my break and it just made me more tired damn that was a quick ass sleep cycle It was 30mins 1hr left I’m twerking Finally home hope all of my babies have a good morning and even greater day is it better for you? It’s time for my second night shift I’m already thinking of my bed maybe you’re unlocking your ultimate form Me with my religion course https://tenor.com/view/i-just-wanna-go-home-crying-sobbing-bawling-wailing-gif-13920878 Ayo Have fun Freedom. Treating myself to some homophobic chicken before knocking out Biscuit sandwich Sir Are you paying? :ConfusedCat: How many minis do you get in an order? :O oh maybe you do have some points Are you fucking sorry 😭 Bitch can you not read? Anhiro’s post That came out so aggressive, oops I channeled my energy for when I respond to Andra Is your family ok? @Andromeda ayo boo. It’s been a while Your rapid takes hours?! Yes What’s up boo Is work still stupid? We love to see it I hate snitches There is a time and place to make sure the right thing was done and my classmate just might’ve fucked everyone over because of this Yeah, no. I wish. No, our program is entirely covered by the hospital we are working at. Recently, due to local hospitals giving a raise to their nurses as a Covid incentive, our hospital decided they had to do the same to keep staff and boost morale. Our clinical guides told us we weren’t getting the raise because it’s the trade off with school being covered. It was wack but I could deal with it. Well, my supervisor told me I’m still getting the raise and it came into effect on my checks. I didn’t question it or brought attention to it but one of my classmates decides to be holier than thou and told the clinical advisors. Today on zoom, they asked us if we had a problem with our checks and not receiving the amount we were supposed to. I immediately knew they were scooping. So, we all stayed quiet but at the end of the zoom we all stayed on without faculty and a classmate told us that someone asked about the raises we received and now they’re gonna go through our checks and revert it or something. I’m fucking pissed. I mean, it was all in class today so I’m sure they’re gonna look cause we get paid Thursdays My checks went a whole $100 difference. WEEKLY. That’s $400 extra in a month. 😭😭 They didn’t say who but I have my suspicions. It’s gonna go down in the WhatsApp vc I feel like this should be a category on Blather round- Draw your version of Luzilla vs The Snitch Good luck tomorrow! You’ll rock it You heard the lady THE skin I’m literally using the most random, ugly filters and just sending them to Fae cause I want them to be happy I’m Caillou It’s funny I think you’d appreciate the filter In IRL? Lmao it’s video 😭 LSSHSHSJSHSH ANHIRO HURRY So I can delete!!! LMFAO Invite me or be quiet 😁😁😁 Bet. It’s the way you called me mom before I called you son But go ahead and act brand new :) Bet Truly Ah yes, two sides of parenthood Come to NSFW and you’ll learn real soon bb https://tenor.com/view/waiting-kim-kardashian-gif-10598492 my phone died and I work tomorrow rip maybe next time fuck you, I lied DEAD ilysm! I’m glad it made you happy cause I’m still giggling over here Does anyone’s iPhone glitch when they swipe all the way right to the multi apps layout? Mine blocks me off at times which gets really annoying cause I don’t have apps on my main screen I religiously update all my stuff. Never that Weird I hate to restart my phone to fix the glitch It’s happened about 3 other times excluding this and it’s annoying me My shit is shattered but even before that this would happen. I did think it was a sensory thing with a crack but all my cracks are at the back of the phone And it fixed with a restart so it can’t be the only reason? XS Max. Haven’t bothered to update to the new 12 Pro It’s different when you buy your own phones lol. You treat yourself ….. It’s weird tho It’s not touch thing cause I can scroll, it literally acts like a wall Like it pushes it back Ugh mood fae. I’m so mad when I take the wrong headphones with me I did. I’m good now I just get annoyed when it happens any random month it decides to act up oh shit, I gotta be up for work in 4hrs. Bye! Goodnight ❤️❤️ Metta needs to buy some on Amazon ASAP lmfao It’s not an age thing Drew! wise has nothing to do with sock covered feet tf but what’s the problem with socks? You just suggested actual shoes instead of a softer material? not back with the rubber chanclas and the caddy! yeah but they went “ew why socks, go get slippers” when slippers if more effort and materials damn Paige really just said buy more disposable shoes than wear socks you can wash and dry the logic Phew Exactly Your foot slides too. Gross. No one wants to see Bambi coming out the dorms The strong wear socks. That’s the rules. No one asked. :) Meaning everyone up in this bitch See? A homie. We love to see it. Can I get you the hospital socks lmao OMG SAME MIND yes, hospital socks be some other shit Y’all acting like you can’t remove the socks “Clean them feet” headass Do something And there was no question there Rashon Don’t play Where the question mark at? :) I’m waiting Tik tok That’s not a question. Thanks for bringing it back fae it’s a “I hope you do” fae, I know he buying you a car but you can’t act like that was a question Fishy fishy I’m waiting x2 You Do something You dreaming yes growth ^ go back to sleep I had enough of you oof you good? LMAOOO cause you acting foolish bet oh look at me, I toss mental illness symptoms around yeah yeah whatever ugh must be nice hispanics would flip Ray, y'all don't do hot/cold theory you sound like a bunch of girls goddamn I'm a woman, thanks. temp disturbs body's homeostasis rip how many bedrooms do you have? do your feet hang lmao sushi got the master bedroom as she should lmao you can fit 5 me's in bed crib lmaooo nah, them shits be big nowadays I deadass can fit you calling me fat?! ray, Imma fight you yes I got a full and I'm chilling in it good size for me I haven't actually seen one I thought they were the style of beds not the saize I got something you can hang onto omg bby I started with a twin I had a canopy bed cause princess I had sheer ones so it wasn't private but it blocked some lights out. It was nice. I'd get one again if I could find a cute adult version oh he jealous couldn't be me.' uh huh none-ya love this energy did you use the bunk alone? I never cared for them but I did not get the appeal when I did summer camps I was small and always had to climb omg memory foam. I had that on my old futon best idea ever I got my adrenaline elsewhere lol not to be all final destination, but imagine it collapsed onto the bottom bunk... LMAO' RLLY YOU USED ME AS A REFERENCE apparently as tall as Kyo kdsfjsgdhf] im offended, I thought you knew this its not like I am shy about it take a guess Metta what height energy do I give off is2g if someone says chihuahua, I will lose my mind. I had to stop myself from saying what first popped into my head lol... but I know you know I- yes, all the hotties are 5ft I lied on my driver's license and gave myself an extra inch idk why I thought it made me cooler but now I tell ppl its wrong and they don't believe me yes wow I wonder who I am I pegged you for a 5'8 or 5'11 dude, no in between. gtfo bitch I know the facts, I just wanna ignore that in my nursing home, I had a pt who everyone said was so cute and small and then I helped her out of bed and saw she was my height. the way I wanted to die lmao "its ok, you'll grow" bitch I was 20 LDKFJsdhgf its fine, the smallest I've ever taken care of is 4'9 adorable I stopped growing at 11. pretty sure she sounds russian lol stop I like those jokes lmao ok I gotta stop being distracted and do hw bye peeps thank you! byeee, ily. you a bit too quiet and I need you to be happy :( no unacceptable oh my last little contribution to this convo.. PUT YOUR HANDS UP IF YOU WENT FROM BEING TALLEST IN THE CLASS TO SHORTEST. my villain origin story. Someone be kind and give me a writing prompt for Islam. I appreciate the help but I need a little more substance, babe lol I have to use evidence I already did one on how U.S media portrayal of them are inaccurate One second. I’ll explain I just need a thesis statement My media portrayal was leaning more towards this so I kinda don’t want to repeat myself. Thank you for the suggestion ❤️ 💖💖 Thanks everyone!! what is the difference between lifted and lofted? I thought I wasn't lol I did the same lol ended up more confused so normal bed frames are lifted but beds with the underneath space (like a second bed) are lofted? hmmm ok def lifted. I can't stand having space under my bed. gotta clean it out every couple of months I am currently debating if I should splurge on a slightly more affordable studio or go all out and get a 1-bedroom. difference is 1 check vs 1.5-2 checks/ studio is open concept and everything is generally in that one room, 1-bedroom guarantees the bedroom is separate for privacy and it includes dining room/living room with kitchen pros and cons for both, like costs, amenities, etc I have a big family and will need the one bedroom so I can play hostess for gatherings unfortunately I can't just have ppl sit on my messy bed LOL although the Boston bachelorette in me wants to say screw that, no guests, just visitors wink wink in all seriousness, I've always had the biggest room in my houses and to now have my entire house be one room is kinda freaky Yeah, part of the moving in is me wanting to get rid of more than half of my stuff that not essential but then I'm also questioning about how vital they would be in the future whatever, I'll eventually work it out. I keep reminding myself I'll have to carry all of it so it slightly helps I do! He’s a fun little crackhead. I love him All about the gains 😂 Y’all ever wake up thinking you don’t have work and then look at the schedule and realize you’re on? That happened to me this morning and I haven’t recovered lol My schedule got tweaked and that’s why they added me today. I wasn’t originally and idk what compelled me to check but thank god I did You need to tell me about the maybe new place I feel so out of touch lmao Oh wait you told me this I was excited I just need more info I wanna Google the room Kyo got too many rights All the power Wicked. “Hunts” he pulls the lever and they disappear forever :) I do Mama didn’t raise a pussy Why did this give me The Lovely Bones vibe The way the girl talks, it gives me Salmon energy Ok back to reality. Bye This is the worst version I’ve ever read lmao What kind of sandwich?? Now I’m hungry This sounds really good! I was going to get a turkey club from the caf but then I got caught up with a patient at a procedure and missed them :( omg I did it again I thought I worked 12hrs tomorrow but I work 8hrs. I’m so confused lmfao and I’m not one of them? Tragic. My first act as millionaire is giving you a new immune system ❤️ Guess who should be leaving the hospital cause she clocked out but instead of being a kind nurse and doing covid tests YOU FUCKING COCONUT ALSJSJSJSH Gordon be so funny sometimes I pictured this in so many variations in can’t breathe I’m driving just snickering to myself yes MasterChef buddy? You don’t like the donut insult he did? YOU FINALLY TRIMMED THE NAILS good job Viv ⏰ oh that was my next guess But I thought we learned our lesson @kyo I finally got my schedule. I’ll share so we can both just laugh at my pain they gave me the in-between shifts later this month which will be weird Also, the best thing that happened this week is all new residents and interim. There are a few attractive guys 👀 they’re not *all* married Fuck Nate btw. He rubbed me the wrong way Tired of his ass but he was kind and asked me if I needed help today so I can’t be too harsh 😂 HSS, HA:CA, RoD, WEH, QB FA You right bet Do you have it lmao I stopped playing ever since idk what happened I keep telling myself to check in but it’s ok I want to restart now that I’m smarter but don’t wanna lose progress either ilysm Thank you is vtubers the way you describe the ones who vlog? Ohhhh WHAT ?????? SHUT UP couldn’t they be a voice like Corpse? Goddamn. and yeah, I know he has an avatar but It fit the vibe These… are weird thanks for the education RAE STOP LMAO I don’t hate on a person’s cash grab. Whatever you can make money off of it, so if it doesn’t hurt anyone but that’s just wild to me An idol agency? Just commission your fans bro Who is Henry Adorable I second Henry I haven’t been able to sleep these past two nights and I have zero idea why like I kept waking up at the same time and couldn’t go back to sleep for long I have insomnia this feels different, I was wondering if I’m stressed about something but nothing comes to mind I have no idea what it could be I bought melatonin and then learned I bought a high dose for someone whose never used it before 😂 You’re supposed to start with a couple of grams and I bought 12 LMAO Milligrams* I didn’t take it because I was told it was bad. I might just use it tonight and see what happens true but I don’t have a splitter and I couldn’t do it with my fingers I’ll get one tonight oh I’ve done all that’s stuff. Insomnia isn’t a new thing for me. I’ve tried tea, no hw in bed, shut off electronics to sleep, sleeping with blinds, and all that good shit only thing that helps is having a routine so my body turns on and off like clockwork You volunteering? No, I should prob do that but I just hate taking time out of my day for appointments when it’s not severely affecting me lol I have to go to a neurologist for my migraines and I have yet to do it Not beans lmao Do you know why? What did you lose pts on? Shame on you. I passed my first time. Easiest test ever but I’ve been driving for 6 years already Y’all are wild I want to do a parallel competition See who does it best Don’t Are you getting the driving experience in there or none at all? I mean…. Illegally all you gotta do is not get caught. well, I would say that sacrificing some work hours would help in the long run to get your license But that’s just me I made sure I took my test the minute I was able to cause I couldn’t rely on anyone else to drive me and that’s why I did it without license for so long I would say a ATV more than a lawnmower lol true but the speed won’t be the same lol Who tf is making you mow a damn lawn Fae? My little bby gonna burn You’re such a cutie pie Rashon, I know you ain’t working long hours. Pull your weight Can’t have our child doing too much in the sun THEY GET IT RIGHT. Thank you :) Mhm You know what I realized and it upsets me because it makes me feel old but I love it cause it makes sense You and my niece are a year apart in age She’s also going for her driver’s test soon. Same milestone god I’m old Someone put me back in the Smithsonian I consider us the same age. Lmao. We’re the same decade so we’re both just old you mean the way it’s intended? by all means go lenient when you’re on your own in stuff but during the test you’re supposed to prove you know what you’re doing tsk tsk They don’t know how it was with cops back then tho kids got random ppl volunteering for this 😂 YUP so extra Yeah, mine was a retired cop who tested ppl longer than I’ve been alive. He also was the one who failed everyone I knew I was so ready for his ass lol everyone who went to test was like “if you got the old man, good luck. If you got the newer, young ones. You’re safe” I said bring it on old man Hell yeah I was driving stick! I wanted him to hate me so much but still pass me Manual is superior. Everyone should drive it Been driving for all 10 years My back up car is my OG car and I’m back to the standard babe I can teach you It’s so easy Do you have a heavy foot? I do, and I still kick ass so you good Yup Gonna have us doing donuts in the parking lot of target My niece/nephew favorite experience with me is drifting at an exit at our beach trip I was going a lil too fast and couldn’t slow down but I tapped the break and we FLEW they were cracking up as if it was a ride at Six Flags Lit I like racing drunk men in jeeps So stupid when I bust out the civvy everyone wants a a taste The only one I didn’t win was when I had to take my exit and I wasn’t trying to drive an extra half hour because of some asshole but yeah, clean record so far lmao Lu pulled up in this But mine was lowered and had wings Everyone wanted the smoke they would see me shifting and said nah, imma ruin this lil girl’s day Green is superior That wasn’t the car I crashed but thanks for the support lol I’m so mad Stop reminding me I guess I’m wine step mom D major or Eb major, I guess Lmao no one saw that Why is serious and magnificent repeated You responded to this and I was so confused when it popped into my laptop I was like… the judges are interfering? I did lmao 😂😂😂 LMAO Just dm me 💀 What phone? uh somehow I saw my due date wrong I though what was due tonight was actually due last night and what I thought was due tomorrow, was due half an hour ago oop not a good start of the week for me imma go crawl under a rock and die bye :peepohugme: Thanks; that did help a bit An upgrade! Woo! Hope it’s amazing Enjoy it :) @faede @rashon24 @DaHomieDrew once I find a good link, we're watching the new Purge movie together I LOVED THE TV SERIES SO MAD THEY CANCELLED IT it was sooooo fucking awesome the one with the government lady and the robber? chef kiss I nearly lost my shit when I saw his buddy's foot on the line in the camera shot. LOST IT. the rich dude who hated the part he was at... like the rich people gala with his ex gf? amazing too I just thought it was sooooo good ok but rank the movies 1. 2nd
2. 1st
3. 3rd stop, the 3rd one had a great concept but I think it was the worst one I loved the idea of gangs defending their ghetto community but like.... they just made it crime on crime and not what it stood for nope 1st purge oh wait you're right I keep forgetting we're at 5 now. 1. 3rd
2. 2nd
3. 1st
4. 4th I love Frank Grillo, his hotass had me in Captain America skladwjsfgh the prequel sucked. everything else was great the couple who were getting a divorce and then got stuck during the purge cause their car broke down? FUCKING WEPT. how tf you like the 2nd better? I thought you would've loved homegirl the one from Get Out. Betty Gabriel I like the rich POV more. You see how wicked and corrupt they are. that's literally the best part. knowing it but still being shocked the lady running for office wants to stop the purge cause her family were victims. she survived the attack and she's campaigning but then her security team got bought out and try to kill her and the head of security saves her ass but they run into a group of other survivors, like the convenient store owner, the lady who is a medic and helps the wounded etc I'm watching it rn lmaooooo tell me why I was like, "oh, sweet. guess we gotta do overnights on purge day" walk out when the chaos is over with the pretty sirens I loved the group in anarchy, like I said, the couple? chef kiss. I almost cried when he got hurt cause even though I expected it, I liked him more than soon-to-be ex wife I am just so passionate about this damn movie/show like the grandpa who sold himself? TEAR JERKER WHEN I TELL YOU I SOBBED. LIKE NO TEARS, STRAIGHT SOBBED AT THAT SCENE DKLFSJDGRH ugh whoever thought of this is so amazingly cruel bless lmao hi Rae don't mind me, just simping on The Purge omg I have a funny story just cause you used that emote my nephew was playing pictionary with the family and he's an out of the box thinker he had the word "links" as in chain links, sausage links, and instead of drawing the world's easiest things... he drew and elf with a sword LMAO my brother and his wife were wine drunk and shouting out weird stuff like buddy the elf, star wars, and idk what else when all he had to do was draw anything els else they were so mad, they're like how tf we supposed to know that and he said it cause its a game he don't own the game, but they still should've remembered the fact lmao I was dying while they told me this story they took out the stuff from the box and looked at him and said he needs to think before he draws ksdjhfgs traumatized asf I would've gotten it lmao I high-fived him @DaHomieDrew the girls blasting Party in the USA with their blinged out car wrapped in christmas lights ;oadwijlfsgh iconic they were so creepy oh I thought they did it cause of copyright issues I wouldn't want my hit single to be played in a movie about republican rights lol especially since she's so open about politics AHHAHAHAHAHA this movie was a gem idc what anyone to say I watch these kinds of movies and file it in my head cause I hope to be as smart as some of these people like when he realizes they looped the camera roll of the security on the roof and he plays real time to see they were all knocked out? intelligence. dakjnsbfhg i was trying to censor drew got real excited there you know I didn't actually mean they were knocked out LOL they had their shit splattered DREW JFC LOL AT LEAST EDIT IT OUT NOW this is not what someone should wake up to omg :) we love to see it I dropped my laptop earlier and now my 'e' key is stuck so I keep mistyping it nightmare on elm street box set mini series and all freddy krueger my homie I loved that shit OH MY GOD FAEEEEEE FAEEEEEE FAEEEEEE when are you free cause we're gonna marathon especially for fae lol let me do my hw I have tomorrow off we can do this NOT THE COUNTS DLWAKSFJHG NOT YOU AND RASHON DOING SIMILAR SHIT I HATE IT HERE I WILL NOT HAVE THIS FUCKERY nope you were forced to watch and Fae is being politely invited to watch I won't stand for this. ok babe be safe ily come back to me LMAO STOP IT DMLNKSJFBHDG that's so disrespectful :dead: I'm throwing hands tu culo, caripelao @Akuna Matata  I didn't properly greet you... welcome! hope you have fun here! :kawaiiHeartsFloat: I need food recs for lunch Preferably takeout I ordered it and they didn’t make it right. So mad I tried it the day I said I was getting it Like… aside it not being a melt, it was just a bad sub. Severely disappointed. I’ll try again at a different location. Panda is 15mi away from me. that’s a no from me lol Hmm.. how good is takeout pho tho I’m searching for Pho places as we speak You must’ve not been here for the “never had a burrito” convo Although, I’d done home versions. But not actual restaurant ones I might just be overly sentimental in my old age but ohmygod did this fucking touch me https://digitalsynopsis.com/design/reflections-of-the-past-tom-hussey/?fbclid=IwAR2Kx5Na_-gsNZ6hGMrN12riY55bJoptIo8ioIc-EFQ8OnenogVSGX9T5Vs Beautiful. Raw. Powerful. Anyways Languages are beautiful Speak them freely@ We love that shit. you mean speaking yeehaw ain’t spicy? Gasp! LMAO Doesn’t matter how long it takes to learn or that it was hard. Languages are beautiful and we encourage people to learn them, or more of them. Just respect it and truly try to understand and you’re fine You got a little drawl cutie Random topic change, sorry… but I officially got my first friend at the hospital. She just followed me on instagram out of pure will ❤️❤️❤️ We love to see friendships bloom I’m so happy. She’s super cool and around my age so it’s perffff Yup! Slowly building my nurse squad Anyways, back to you and languages :) Continue, madam I feel kinda awk cause I don’t have photos on IG. I removed them all in a moment of weakness and self-consciousness I wonder if it’s weird to add them back so she knows I was hot 😂 Always! I literally have it like this 90% of the time. My hoe pics are all archived. Old ugly photos. Everything. There’s maybe like 20 good photos I don’t mind keeping up Babe… the weight gain was not kind to me. I went from flat belly to stretch marks. It was a bad hit. Plus add the problem of being from a Hispanic family where they always talk about it It’s not good. I’m compared to my tiny, petite older sister with two kids because she had two kids and it’s soul-crushing. …. Not gonna argue about it :) But I love you @kyo deja vu I didn’t eat lunch. Sick to my stomach. My mom ended up getting kfc and didn’t want me to not eat so she got me coleslaw and biscuits so that’s what I’m munching on rn Thanks, I feel kinda better but little appetite. This is more that filling I hope you have a great dinner! What is pops making? Yum yum We’re packing up stuff and I think my firestick remote was packed… Which of the boxes should I open to search inside lol Can never give fae siblings :( Someone be kind and tell me to get rid of my clothes I need the re-assurance. Lmao wrong technique with me. I like putting up a fight but I’ll pretend you were kind and I will listen Moving I’m going from a 3 story home to a one bedroom apartment and I won’t have the space for all of my clothes. I keep separating good piles to give to Salvation Army and Savers for re-sell but then I find some stuff I can’t find myself to give up I’m reminding myself that it’ll help others more than it will help me in the closet. I have a box of heels/shoes, a bag of old formal dresses (prom+wedding), and two bags of everyday wear that I have prepared for them ❤️ The formal dresses are going to savers so they can re-sell for a low price. I can’t wait to make a person’s day They’re very pretty Oh, I don’t have the time for that babe. I gotta be out by Monday so no more thinking and more doing LMAO Exactly 1- $650
2- $650
3- $80 My current mentality! Glad you said this too Sadly guys can do that; we can’t I just realize I had different hair colors and style in all three photos I used to go crazy trying different stuff oof @kyo do your hw bitch what? You mean the linen closet?? Nah, imma be a big girl and box everything I know I need/use frequently. The rest will get yeeted She really said y’all mofos gonna vc or what? It was super busy but I got out early :) How was the philosophy hw? is ? oh boy Do you understand it more? Fake it til you make it So…. Did Italy win? Severe thunderstorm, stay safe east coasters ❤️ I’m gonna collapse in my bed tonight ok thanks so much babes. I did collapse in my bed but today I just have to move my washer machine, my printer, and do a final sweep of my home and BOOM. All finished. Thank you babe! Hope you’re having a good weekend it better go from ⬇️ to ⬆️ wanna watch a 2hr long 9/11 documentary with me is never an appropriate answer? Sure feels like my reality. Kyo when is your assignment due because I totally would if it’s later this week, maybe after work while I do my own assignments. If it’s due tonight, no cigar Fingers crossed Kyo’s professor is happy about that nah, forget that. You work on your thing buddy. Can’t have late assignments I won’t be home til a little later cause last minute shit so I don’t wanna hold you back skdhsjsksjsh Ok There is this grandma all up in my grill at the post office Bitch won’t step back and I’m about to say something. bet Booster shots are my fave time. Always get them all the same day :) Weird. I’m from an island and you couldn’t get me out of the beaches. It’s the most beautiful, relaxing place ever My house is like a 10 min drive from the best ones I’ll place you under the biggest umbrella and you’ll enjoy it with me can’t have you burning lmao I need to know what ass you’ve been smelling cause salt water is far from that lmao LMAOOOO HAHAHAHAHAH I love it I was there. Don’t tell the hospital 🙈 Oh boy. What was the percentage?? It’s a shame but it happens to the best of us. I hope it isn’t costly You’ll do great in the end *DO DO DOOOO DOOO DOOOO* What fucking wedding is this? The characters of Mickey’s Fun House? Only music playing is the one that makes me bounce this ass was blonde me tearing up the dance floor? ayeeee My sister THATS MY SHIT OHMYGOD TWINS I’m beginning to wonder if I’m living Us Fae: ….
Blonde me: *pop, lock, and drops it*
Fae: ….. good. Fae guess what babe Next Wednesday I come back from my overnight shift and I’m off til Monday :) Purge time ❤️ HAPPEE I can’t wait to make you watch every movie and then the series lmao You’ll be so exhausted You’ll get tired of my voice Blabbing like a psycho https://tenor.com/view/stay-back-slut-april-ludgate-parks-and-rec-stay-back-get-away-gif-17708968 I like this glimpse into the future Yeah, I like the woman’s voice for the broadcast. I like monotone, authoritative voices. Badass :02Smirk: I’ll take him idk why my job hates me but they're giving me a ton of overnight shifts and I'm not with it. I can switch with another person but its a process to do so, get it approved, and then still work around my current schedule. I'll tough it and do them but I'm just not excited to have 3 weekends in a row I'm talking to apple customer service and..... they asked me how I am, I said well and hope their day is well too. this dude goes... "I am glad to hear you are fit and healthy" sir???? fit???? lmao I am well aware it might just be a language thing but it just amused me so much. First time I've heard fit being used good health to you I think is more common, since its being discussed. like I do the usual "glad to hear you're in good health" when speaking to them too @azula next time I go to PR, remind me to send you photos/videos of my island's forgs Coqui’s are tiny and cute and just say their name all cute. We call them songs lol You’re fine fae lol. Frazzle dazzle over here Can you count boo It’s 2 days yes quite bad you’re gonna be feeling it for the rest of the months cause it’ll continue fire off pain responses babe especially cause when you exercise you release lactic which causes the soreness. No bueno welcome doll Stop worrying about you-know-what sldjdjsjshsb No. Doing overnight I’m doing hw right now and will go to bed soon no it’s ok! I’m watching a Ted talk and it’s really nice It’s not related at all to my childhood traumas but it taught me I need to open myself more LMAO thanks babe. It’s quite interesting ngl. It’s about the dangers of a single story and how the media’s narrative harms our perception of people outside of one concept instead of how multifaceted we are very eye-opening someone want to be a pal and help me with my hw? This is the prompt: Include an example from your experience or a person you know had a misunderstanding by only hearing a single cultural story. Single cultural story is basically stereotypes. 
Ex: an American meets her new African roommate and is shocked that she speaks English well. I actually came up with something. Nursing assignments make me feel uncomfortable. they ask you to be open and honest but many are hella judgemental and I know I'd get shit if I did share experiences anwyas, watch me prove that I am a flawed human and not care if this changes their perception of me :) no lmao its actual cultural competency assignments diversity of healthcare no fear, just uncomfy cause I rather have them in front of me so I can gauge their reaction don't hate me from afar, come up and close boo @Akuna Matata ily and sorry for the situation at home. I'm the queen of taking everyone under my wing and making sure they're appreciated and happy to be who they are here on this server so I welcome you with open arms. Hi it’s 4am and I’ve only yawned twice. Mama is thriving I’m working lmao Solid plan til someone mistakes me for an actual patient and tries to poke me for the 1st AM labs 2.5hrs and the next shift should be arriving I don’t think food or culture is being disrespected when someone adopts the cuisine and adds their twist to it. I draw the line of naming it after the original when it leaves out crucial or main components of it, but that’s the extent of my annoyance. WAIT LMAO I love that so much Tag yourself, I’m Viv’s burner account Nope. We’re quite similar so I think that’s hilarious We have things we don’t agree on/see differently and I’m so happy that this is how you realized we’re not one person Aku: *reads Viv’s post and then mine*
Also Aku: is this bitch arguing with herself? now the important question is when I made you cry… did you think it was me or Viv? who is the dominating person in the dual account? It’s Anhiro lmao It wasn’t a bad cry lol I was being a mom you know, the usual I know but which did you picture! Me or Viv. Who was the first one? omg yay lmfao sorry Viv 😂😂😂😂 you’re right Viv and I are like ying and yang: we balance each other out but there are times we overlap and it’s madness I can’t wait to educate you So since a bitch is returning from her 3 day overnight stint on Wednesday. What time is the purge marathon? Imma need at least 6 hours of sleep. just so I don’t have a migraine that ruins my entire day I’m like 75% sure I’m having an allergic reaction to a patient’s perfume My skin is burning, I have a rash and I want to fucking die. I want to go home NOW. I don’t have any on me and can’t take from the machine since it’s all counted for the pt Gotta go home, shower, and hopefully it’ll stop when I’m back in my home in my own environment Update: Lu is fucking struggling the rest of my body is worse @faede hi babe. Hope you had a good night’s rest and that your day is good. It’s officially Wednesday ❤️ Thank you!! I took 2 Benadryl and I’m waiting for it to knock me out so I can sleep peacefully without any skin discomfort ❤️❤️ Hi fron! This is true Aw yay. I love meeting your friends ugh love that for her! Hiii what do you want to be? I’m working on my BSN and then will do my master’s to earn my NP Lmaooo. I love your thoughts on the profession. Only the real ones know Yes! Yes! Thanks for asking. I kept taking Benadryl and it’s gone. Still have a rash on the plantar of my foot tho LOL I don’t take any real meds when I’m sick.. just sleep it off until I feel better so anything with a little sedation goes right through me It was a decent sleep and I’m not so itchy rn so it’s a win! I think it was a perfume but not sure. Only thing that makes sense. Cheap bitch lmao Rash has gone down, little inflamed in some areas but not too shabby Dead Now that I was rudely awakened I’m gonna get food and hopefully it’s movie time sometime soon RAGE steroid rage is the single best and worst thing ever I want some honey chicken wings Been craving for a while Oh I thought that was obvious Whoever thinks steroids is sustainable   Is kidding themselves :) thanks for the vote, fae! I agree. I get them from roche bros So yummy Very filling Oh man the drummjes were are so crispy and dried up :( No good Both! We really need to quit the OCD jokes/misdiagnosing. It’s been addressed before and it’s so offensive to those who spoken out about it’s rep. Pls be mindful. What’s that Oh I’ve heard of this before. I always forget it isn’t necessary lol condolences to her Hi bby You’re gonna hate me but life is kicking my ass. So much shit I suddenly have to do :(( MITH U 😢 ❤️🧡🧡💜🧡🧡❤️💜 I know we planned the entire series…. Wanna break it down movie by movie so we can do it or wanna wait for all of it together? Your choice. Your choice. I can work it around my schedule I wanna make you happy You’re right. It’s what everyone deserves they share food, and mom’s make babies upset in the womb so it’s more symbiotic I like to think of it as Venom and Tom Hardy :) This guy was staring at my chest and I called him out by saying “can I help you?” And he goes “I like your beauty mark” and it’s the one on my titty Skdhdhsjsh bro It made me laugh I like honest men eh, he was ok. I just admire the confidence I just wanted some chips LMAO He said a bag of Doritos and a quickie ma’am? Your bitch just did 4 quizzes and two discussion boards with 2 responses to peers and she needs one paper done and another quiz and she’ll be done with the hw due tonight LMAO I LOVE THIS SO MUCH OMG PINNING THIS Pinned a message. Pinned a message. we love a positive mother-child relationships Viv join us babe 🔪 🔫 LMFAO don’t worry guys, I’m holding Viv’s hand You didn’t know she had a third one specially made for me? Don’t slack or I’ll steal your girl Congrats babe!!! Twerking at the ball game in your honor! Half the Red Sox games I’ve gone to had a proposal If this trend continues, it better be me next lol Good luck at work Kyo! Omg I was gonna do the same amazing Shonny your wife and child miss you sugar shonnyyyyyt That sounds like you want nitro 😂😂 Babe that’s a thesis statement he’s vacationing Cold or a flu I think it’s just safer to assume you caught a bug. Anxiety has a lot of symptoms and some are there but do you have a history of this? history of anxiety lol I don’t jump to worse case scenarios but if you do suffer from anxiety we can find the source and help you feel better love you babe I have to present a project on a religion:
Taoism
Unitarianism
Mormonism
Judaism*
Bahai
Pagonism
Taoism
Hinduism*

which of these are the easiest to present but is also interesting. I put asterisks on the ones I've covered in a previous course and can't re-use the work cause of plagiarism nopee hmmmm ok taoism and bahai are what I am leaning towards just cause outside of just knowing they exist, I know nothing but I will learn about mormonism just cause I probs should know it Angelaa is the bestest we love her ❤️ omg tysm lemme look at the rubric I thought the emote was three tittys lmao... I was confused why you chose it out of literally anything I just want everyone to know that the sexiest dude works at my old super market so guess who will continue shopping there I look so bad rn but tomorrow I'll pop up looking hawt :( grammaaaa what is the criteria to deem worthiness??? had a pt with 26 kids 4 months ago.. she was upset all her kids could not visit. we had strict rules on one visitor per day and it has to be them, can't swap but she told me all about them all natural. all hers. so much chaos I'm baptized, no communion but I took almost all the classes til the one of my instructors told me all soldiers are murderers who will go to hell. My brother is a soldier and has done many tours, long years. so I said fuck you and never went back. you didn't watch the gay scene with chad and ryana// amazing karaoke when I get not trusting them or thinking they cause a lot more problems than solve them in recent years but she knew him. It was a hypocrite move when she literally thanked him for his service. ngl I'm sharpay she would've topped the shit out of her they said Zac didn't leak it but it was intended for him (and some other people- since she was rumored to cheat on him) I was so into the drama middle school me is quaking my friends had the dvd and I literally did the entire bop to the top routine SING A LONG remember when we voted in Miley Cyrus sKADJFhgs huh y'all reckless to dare to leave me out of this all hands Kyo, all hands I read the first half not the second LOL I take it back no hands Kyo, no hands. Lu is gonna cut her hair Say bye to her long locks As short as it needs to be Getting rid of the dead ends and cutting some layers I will! I saw the cutest little self-cut bob on fb and I wanted to kill the bitch I think she was pretty in general and that’s why it worked but couldn’t be me I have a round face, I gained weight No bueno Donde estas Snip snip guess who lost power severe thunderstorm watch bitches Lu did a thing Hello bangs absolutely love you Oop, do you reprimand them? Thank you so much! Haircuts are really good during this time of year with the heat and all. I bet it looks great! It’s ok if you didn’t get bangs, it’s a lot of work to commit to Maybe next time :) Couple of hit songs, got you thinking you a heartthrob You can be the Grim, I'ma be the Reaper I love Nicki so much. Lyrical genius skdhdhsjsh Y’all got games? I would’ve pretended it was part of the room and I played an important role@ Imagine they take everything from your pockets thinking it’s a hint but it’s just your keys and dignity Patient on my floor is wicked paranoid and confrontational. We’ve been very patient with him and then told him he needs to stay in his room and he pulled the fire alarm LOL This won’t age well Guess who is leaving work an hour late because she decided she wanted to do a good job and not throw stuff into oncoming nurses for night shift 🙋🏻‍♀️ I discharged 2 patients, gave them all their instructions, escorted them outside and fixed the rooms to be cleaned up all within my last two hours. This is literally takes half a day to do 😭 I’m gonna collapse in my bed tonight and do this again tomorrow but in less amount of time cause I work til 3 give me free tix to your escape room BET I love being special ong The most beautiful thing kyo has ever said to me LMAOOOO Spirit animal Not Adam calling Ben Affleck ‘tired guy smoking’ Y’all too damn young I can’t even @Zora welcome! Help yourself to some #roles and enjoy the server :) LMAO skdhsjsjshshsh It’s me Mario I’m sorry but what a pick me person lmao how you gonna be like ‘that’s impossible unless you do nothing but loop it” but then changed the story when told that it isn’t anyways hi babe Clocking out of work as we speak Happiness How is the work situation? Do I gotta kick ass? the nurse that took my patients literally said just leave and I’ll call if I have questions… ma’am I guess Twerking for education! what are you going for? I love hearing career options that’s sexy Will you be my weather hoe? “My twerks are louder than the thunder  that’s coming your way. That’s all for the 7 at night news, bye bitches!” I can literally do this all day. It’s so fun How many years does it take and what do you get: a degree or certification? I wish you the best of luck bby A bad bitch!! Ugh I love all of this for you. Bachelor’s are no joke so proud of you don’t think the vaccine has anything to do with it but wouldn’t recommend it if you’re diabetic or prone to get really low blood sugar if you skip meals Stay hydrated!! from the lack of food? Go sleepy @red hot silly pepper who is camila and I like the name change I FUCKING KNEW WHERE THIS WAS GOING I KNEW IT THE MINUTE MATHEMATICIAN WAS SAID Damn Drew never listened to the song huh I feel like this is a toxically good. Have you read it? Am I right or is it just a man’s ||wet dream?|| I have a unique name. I’m sure if I was born to a celebrity they’d call my parents extra for naming me it Sometimes the effort is cool and works. Sometimes it’s not don’t think it’s always attention seeking but it helps to stir things up by getting people interested in what it *could* be You got it lmao HAHHAHAHAAHA I HOPE THEY RALLY I like to set my phone to have my apps change from light to dark mode but I think discord is one of the few that I always have on dark. good afternoon everyone I have a lot of hw to do and no willpower hello fae bby Hi Ray! It’s due tomorrow night but I work tomorrow so it’s smarter to do it today I was gonna ask if you wanted to do Purge tv show Yes, on Hulu. Chefs kiss nope they got two seasons work off awesomeness Deserves more tbh Friends I need help I have a hw due tonight and I have to find an LGBTQ+ article to give my thoughts on and share with my class Are there any articles or videos you’ve watched recently that has impacted any of you? I can find one on my own but why not share something that one of you feels should be spread anything that has to do with the community :) No, we watched videos on the definition and all that for those who weren’t familiar. I want mine to be personal like anything you wish you could tell the world but in an article or video. it has to be an article :( Drew, I’m waiting to do laundry so I can watch the video. Thanks for sharing tho Thank you! I’m publicly announcing that every video you sent me on tik tok has be dying rn @kyo I’m literally more than half a year behind on these too 😂😂😂 If you received a video from me… be proud. I’m trying to do better lol BITCH NO I was so sad when it didn’t take me 1hr to go through them The ones you send me are super tailored to cute doggos, nurses are bullies , and whatever Hispanic thing of the month is that is what I am. All of that. anyways it’s 11:11 make a wish everyone @Metta are we being old and using heating pads tonight? Get the pap ready 😂 Hiiiii I was actually thinking of running to CVS to use Bengay cause my back is not doing well after helping a pt out of bed I knew better to. Fuck his wife. for everyone who said what… this was it. I had a heavy patient who needed a weight and his wife swore he could move. I didn’t trust it but I wanted to get him up and moving cause his disease makes his muscles stiff and he goes rigid. My back is killing me ever since. It’s been a week since I asked Fae to watch the Purge tv series with me with no response I cry ily bby. lmk when you’re ready I asked if you wanted to do the last movie or save it for the end ready for u this dude who has a crush on me just sent me money  for Mario Kart lmao I- Yes Idk what it is but sounds weirdly cool rip .img corn cheese Hmmm, I would try it Premeditation, intention, malice, and recklessness Manslaughter can be involuntary or voluntary Did you know that driving drunk could end in killing someone? Voluntary.

Did you behave in a reckless way that put someone else in danger but didn’t intend for it to happen? Involuntary.

It’s subjective a lot of times so it depends on how good the lawyer is 1st degree is premeditated.
2nd degree is not premeditated but opportunistic, typically involved some other felony can you tell I wanted to be in the Crimes Division sksjsjsj I wanted to be a lawyer, then crime scene investigator, than a ||sexual assault forensic nurse||, and I never let go of any of that lol. I could switch to the nursing side of it but I like where I’m at right now. I’m big sad watching the olympics knowing that if I had chosen a state college I could’ve been on a collegiate sports team I really focused too much into my career lol oh man, leave that job. I hope you find a good place ASAP I want to help 😂 I would mind my own business and do what you ask I’m the perfect coworker I’m telling you, we need to go drinking with them. They’re awesome Hi babe! Yay! Wait Y’all never heard of work hubby? Shameful. you’re my work hubby You keep me sane 😂😂 say it back bitch Lmfaoooo I totally expect you to keep the husband Wait hold on I need to catch on on Aaron’s comments We love that Work hubbies are great til you catch feelings you need to keep it in the office ONLY rookie mistake LMAO Or is he…. 👀 ☕️ Drew said that’s my favorite kind! LMFAO FAE VALID anyways yes Work romances never go right Don’t do it I will bring out the chancla Oh it’s never against it, just extremely frowned upon KAYDEN PENDEJO No. Yikes x2 Queen B but office edition I always said I would marry an accountant Good with numbers, works 9-5 and likes to scam the government Not my man. He better be in and out on the dot fuck the boss Take it from me… don’t date a doctor or a nurse Unless you want commitment with none of the good shit You work horrible hours, never see each other, are exposed to other hot doctors and nurses AND patients I literally have mlb players come to my hospital…. RIGHT I need to leave the Cardiac unit and go into Ortho Finna get me some MLB booty LMAOO. Bet. Let me scope them out Nah athletes are hot Money for teeth whitening, get paid to be fit, they pay to have hair full and colonized VOLUMIZED Not colonized 😭😭😭❤️ Jeff Green from Boston Celtics (NBA)
Danny Amendola who was with NE Patriots (NFL)
Bryson Tiller (rapper)
Olga Tañon (singer)
5 seconds of summer
Honor Society
Ñengo Flow (rapper) Ummm there’s a Boston Red Sox player but I can’t remember Yeah, soundcheck And I have Ashton on Snapchat YES I MET HIM AT PANERA BEFORE HIS CONCERT LOL I’ll write it on my booty cheek Yeah so my friend and I were at Panera before the concert because it was raining hard. We made a joke about him being there and this guy right in front of us was wearing headphones and was snickering. I looked at him and smiled because he overheard and then he looked over and winked at us. Friend and I were shocked!! we couldn’t ask for photos cause it was packed and we didn’t want to blow the spot Buuuuut, after the concert we saw a girl post a photo her dad took of hik leaving Panera cause Omg does steph look short in person sometimes skinny dudes look short It’s why I ask ngl Jeff green looked shorter. He was tall but not tall enough Me and Jeff And yeah I was blonde. Don’t talk about it Autograph I would post the video of the concert with Bryson but my voice is so annoying skdhdhsjsh I love Sandra Bullock Not new boyz ahahahah I know where Chris Evans lives and saw him at his mom’s driveway when I drove to a classmates house Does that count LOL they lived near each other and I took the background and boom. There he was. Sexy asf I used to be into NeverShoutNever and he asked me what song I wanted him to sing and gave me his guitar pick I have good luck with celebs tbh tell her to HMU and I’ll do it again. Ft her while I’m at it discord hates me I wanna square up it glitched like I heard the audio but nothing worked, so I closed it. Then my phone died. I thought cool, maybe it would fix itself. Nope. It’s time to buy new sneakers for work Oh boy. This will be fun Can I just get crocs and call it day? 😂 drop the name I have coworkers who wear crocs but I would only trust it during overnight cause I don’t do a lot Can’t imagine having body fluids and other stuff falling on my socks/exposed feet I would catch an infection super quick I can't believe I got a switch months ago and a new one is coming out soon I hate it here I knew it should've waited it looks so pretty its WHITE omg hi ily2 I’m still sad I abandoned you yesterday Discord hated me so I made it my bitch I’m a G like that lmao it’s gonna *surrender* to me who wants to learn about hospital telemetry with me get a sneak peak of what I do said no one ever wait r u serious lol not to sound weird but I love trauma I would've gone there if I cared more for it but its like a guilty pleasure seeing and knowing what to do oh I like those too. not in that way, but I like knowing weapons whether to load, disarm, or just recognize I've been meaning to take a self defense class but I haven't gotten there yet ok firework, its hw time. we can do this. no more choices for you you got this 🦾 omg its bucky wooo! @faede its buckaroooo WAIT FAE HAVE I SHARED WITH YOU MY FAVORITE JOKE I GOTTA FIND IT ITS FUNNIER WHEN YOU READ IT fuck this is gonna be a process there's two of them and I love them so dearly I found this during my quest lmfao I can't find the other two but here we go @faede how much does it cost to kill tony stark's parents? one buck 😂 LMFAOOOO SIKE Sam: Buck.
Bucky: ...
Sam: Buck.
Buck: ...
Sam: Buck.
Bucky: what are you a damn chicken? I fucking lose it every time I come across this one buck buck buck dkajefhsgdt ITS PATHETIC RIGHT LMAO strep throat has white patches on your tonsils I would be impressed if you manage to send me such high quality photo go for it lol you're def right you ever learn about someone's reddit username and go "oh I argued with them" LMFAO I just be commenting and disagreeing with ppl just Lu things :tl1StarsOrange: but I've dm'ed a handful I would feel betrayed if he said no ok jeffrey dahmer Not today, Satan. Bet Hii, how are you? I am so hungryyy omg that reminds me I have a olive garden nearby say what you want about them but their breadsticks are chef kiss I haven't tried theirs but I've tried from cheesecake factory and it was nice california kitchen was better I'm currently looking up the menu of this old dinner I went to and loved and can't find the omelette I ordered :( they changed it so its like half right and then this other item has the other correct half lmao I had two ladies try to fit me for bra sizing and they were both different lmao I know what I am but it was funny I’m used to them sizing me wrong because my body is hourglass. So my boobs and hips are the widest part of me and they don’t understand that. They either give me loose cups or bands and it’s not gonna work for me oh I wish I could at work lol I’ve been tempted but the nips are bedazzled soooo I’ve heard of some good brands but I don’t want to do memberships to have access to them and go through all the trouble of buying and returning til I find the correct size. At least at VS if I drop $175 I walk away with them and know they fit god bless Victoria Secret always having 5 for $25 sales They some hot satin boxer briefs 😂 METTA HAHAHAH Hanes all the way 😭 I’m crying rnnn my favorite thing was having a class full of girls being told that when you guys adjust it’s not to be a perv but shit gets sticky and uncomfortable fast I was dying cause like no shit He was like “there’s no polite way to do it. Just mind tour business” HAHAHAHAHAH yeah!!! There was a buzzfeed article with ✨just guys things✨ and it talked about the towel trick You know the *one* And I lost my mind because I always enjoyed when I was shown it I had to pretend it was brand new info cause I didn’t want to say others taught me nsfw yeah that buzzfeed article was wild. Went from goofy and cute to real sad fast it went from the towel trick to relationship problems such as women enforcing toxic masculinity or feeling like you can’t approach a female and have a normal convo because they take it as flirting Per his word “sometimes you want to tell the girl at the coffee shop ‘cool shirt’ but can’t because they take it the wrong way. I just really like your shirt” I thought that was depressing they also mentioned lack of emotional care. Platonic touches, etc I’d totally volunteer to do that Men need affection it truly is my favorite foreplay is cuddling on the couch and having men play with my hair catcalling is more offensive and just a way to show physical interest in someone. this is just like… If you don’t know them, a man won’t talk to you unless he thinks you’re hot Which is dumb. Think about it in school… your guy friends are friend zoned. Who approaches you to flirt? The ones who aren’t your friends. And if you’re not their standard of attraction… shit goes south fast. Most girls just don’t like to be approached 90% and that’s cause others ruined it for them. See! That’s fucked! It’s not a creep move unless you’re staring at her chest the entire time I personally entertain all convos whether I’m interested or not LMFAO she’s me I’m her baby, attention seeks me I love the ones that try to upsale you ma’am, I came for a purpose and that’s the only reason I’m here Manifesting running into anhiro and forcing him to talk to me Anytime a female speaks one word he’s gonna be in here like “was it u” LMFAO CHANNANDELER BOND oh she thiccy Thanks is this the part where I say idk if I pronounce his name right? I only say it one way and that’s the only way I’ll say it Yeah I def don’t actually wait Fae might be onto something Anne-hi-row? LMFAO Wait I need to do this outloud Jump on vc, I’m having a crisis 😭😭😭 I’ll never know fae shook their head twice Tsk tsk I don’t like this. I am pretty sure this is the way I’ve been saying it but without my accent add me in there don’t be shy 😂😂 what is sanctum? hmmmm LMFAO I CHOKED I WAS EATING DAMN IT my lung hurts Who doesn’t like monsters :O sksjsjsjshs WHAT Kill it Can I suggest one. I want to win this game Gimme his likes and dislikes NO MONSTERS METTA :) Deadass??? I haven’t watched that show but I will now to understand the reference HORROR IS MY SHIT what kind of horror Paranormal, satanic, based on true story, killers CINDY THE TV IS LEAKING Some little white girl fell into the well again bitch idc Cindy is my girl she funny I literally forgot all the order tho Oh you going for the hidden ones I got it Make him watch the exorcism of Emily Rose My sister made us bless the home after she watched it holy water everywhere bless you YES ONE MISSED CALL THE GRUDGE I don’t get scared by shit oculus is a good movie btw On Hulu the orphan 😭😭 Drop kick that bitch what is it about? I really liked Case 39. It’s old but it was around the time of Orphan and it was a good ride you’ll have to find it on some streaming site tho I love Jason I felt more sad than scared He was ugly and abused I don’t like it NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET Fucking love the boxed set Prometheus? I was asking like that kind of thing? Do you like the alien movies? Like alien vs predator lmfaooo He wants to be spooked not cry I like how I went from trying to help your friend to just learning what you like I love Will Smith I will watch everything he’s in Suicide Squad sksjsjsj no I meant 7 pounds DUH I SAW PURSUIT I JUST SAID I LOVE WILL SMITH Yes Rush Hour all 3 movies YES What’s your name?
I am you.
Not me, you.
Yes. It’s not horror or sci fi but I like movies with psychological shit Focus is really good. It’s about pick pocketing and scamming Will Smith and Margot Robbie. The end. OHMYGOD is it why-sss Lmfaoooo What is arma I know that huh Crack a cold one too call of duty? You should stream I’d watch it I love them but boy does the graphic make me motion sick sexy Can I send dollar bills https://tenor.com/view/turbofolk-soraja-money-toss-dollars-gif-8163848 Seems interesting! I like it. There’s a movie similar in nature but not quite there in terms of thriller but it’s called Acrimony. It’s basically a movie about infidelity and it’s soooo good I wanted to scream and cry because I felt every bit of her frustration and pain What was the last movie that made y’all cry? coco for me I’ve gotten more emotional over the years. I feel too much Idk who decided I should be both a bitch and an empath but it’s a struggle I read the book and watched the movie. It didn’t make me cry but I wanted to fight everyone Shitty ass people and families If you like things like that you should read A Child Called It and The Promise of Stardust @cressidastclaire Tw for the child called it though… it’s hard to stomach if you can’t handle the themes I read both in high school. Both really good for two diff reasons Forrest Gump, A League of Their Own, Ferris Bueller.. I feel like they’re all classics that need to be watched I’m for sure making my kids watch them Don’t make em like they used to Omg I remember that one! It was a good read though My reading collection is like my movie likes.. all over the place I remember during the winter I took off my shoes and walked outside to get an idea of how hard that walk for him was I knew, living here my whole life, but it’s such a horrible feeling to know it was only worse for them the boy in the striped pajamas Rip Was that the Warsaw one? The pianist? I just googled and it is. We didn’t have that one in school but my dad and I watched it The book thief was one we had for English too Doesn’t compare to the others it’s about a young girl stealing from the mayors home library because they weren’t allowed libraries anymore. The war was going on and it’s how she was able to learn and keep sane she had a man in the basement they were hiding, and she would read to him, teaching him how to write, etc. Very nice. Those are all good ones too. Was disappointed on the great gatsby movie Same. Still better than other junk my friends read though I remember I had to read Moby Dick. It was like pulling teeth Ok but Of Mice and Men. Peak shit. Lmao. Only the oldies are talking rn so I feel like they don’t do this anymore in school 😂 that’s like a universal thing now mine is the same. we had a diner, mom and pop place across the street Best fucking deal ever Me: you want wings? Wings on me. we had Dunkins, a diner, wings shop, CVS for chips and soda, and pizza/sub we just built diff I miss being Queen B. I literally ran that shit I peaked in high school l lulu 😭 Lulu Hughes from Farmsville ugh I literally took the best classes, was a star student, teachers were all awesome. I miss it right? They would lay out all the paperwork and say “pick yours or you won’t get graded” There are movies made about us we are THAT group of friends remember the fancy solar powered calculators? I stole one. It’s just chilling in my room anhiro you give me such conflicting vibes. You’re such a main character lmfao You’re a main character in my world But yeah, my professor last semester didn’t grade my last assignment so instead of having an 80 I got@86 It was late so it would’ve been bad to receive the zero. I appreciate his help Lol I can’t stand us rn 😂😂 Why are we like this lmao Me trying to see your face https://tenor.com/view/suspicious-receipts-magnifying-glass-spying-impastor-gif-7308925 I had a feeling you were a glasses wearer Metta uses glasses and you can’t convince me otherwise close enough hawt He braids it Two pig tails when do you want to look nice? valid I wanna see the fro Is it soft Omg drop it (Respectfully) Metta what type hair do you have? Type 3c? Type 3B? :UWU: Depending on how damage my hair is I go 2B to 3B Fae is def my child 💀💀💀 I can confirm I saw you in stream All forehead, hair and headphones Stress lines from drawing lol what class are you taking? need help? I know a thing or two about a thing or two skdjsjsjsj TNR font 12 gang wanna do it on my body dysmorphia? wait could you choose mental, physical, etc? Boi, you fucked up Exactly! You are doing what you need to do It’s a slow process Educate on patience and hard work oh well if you are doing therapy that’s good too. It’ll save your butt today I’m stiff, tomorrow I’m slightly limber The amount of typos I’ve made I want to die LMFAO STOP ANHIRO NOOO I’m fucking crying I can’t breathe Keep the emoji So it’s stuffed peaches Sorry daddy :) ONFG cause you a boss Do I gotta do the thing where I remind you to make sure to rename before submitting? When is this due? I’ll set a reminder rn idk what it is either but seems wack nah Send it to me Tf am I? A pussy? I got a ton to spare, we gucci I feel like this is high key dramatic of everyone y’all never been through the trusted sock drawer and it shows (: nah I did it cause I realized people hate it I do it on and off Oh yessss Potty training is so fun do it Raising boys is fun :) New year, new me boo Lmfao lord my job does not stop calling me about changing my schedule they really want me to work tomorrow night instead of tonight which affects two of my plans I was gonna go to a game tomorrow night. And then on Wednesday I was going to go to six flags Can’t do either if I have no sleep I swapped my shift from tonight to tomorrow night. I’m still gonna go to six flags so I hope you all enjoy my downfall 😂😂😂 all nighter bby Bringing it back to the 00s I believe in you! Get that hw done! I also have a bunch of them I gotta do tonight I need single guy friends to give me opinions on bras :( yes, all my homies got girls and bra pics aren’t a good idea anymore lol good job Kyo Now don’t go in debt wait minimum has never lied to me? But I go by bank one and not the statement itself It would never let me do more than owed and my credit is great I’m confused now… the devil itself fuck that bitch Send her my way how does it feel? I would twerk to the intro no, he has no rhythm he needs a course I do be extra asf that's a thing ? that makes more sense I kinda thought she meant like irl or in forums lol omg should I name myself "The Registered Nurse" idk how I feel flexing on a bunch of kiddos lol also I wanna cut down your use of emojis ugh omg lit I was gonna make that joke earlier but I knew it would be lost on ppl also. office christmas party amazing movie 10/10 giggles ksjdnfh noooo jennifer aniston, jason bateman, and TJ miller its funny asf omg yes to the name change oh no :( omg yes whenever I'm sad I just watch the tooth pulling scene aziz is problematic but so funny IS THIS HER Guess who bout to do community service I’m over this argument. It’s been decided that y’all in state do your dates weird and that’s all If you’ll excuse me, I need to sleep cause in 2hrs I have to go to work for my 12hr rotation https://tenor.com/view/bunny-rabbit-sad-tired-drag-gif-11453485 Home sweet home It was decent but thank you! I couldn’t but not because I didn’t want to. My sister’s water boiler broke and flooded her house. They resolved the leak but didn’t have hot water so she stayed at her bf’s house with the kids and he lives 40 mins from the park. On a good day, I am home and showered by 8:30am and it takes me an hour and a half to drive to that park so we wouldn’t have made it at the same time and I didn’t want to drive. My plan was to nap during the drive but since she wasn’t driving from down here it wouldn’t have matched time wise. She felt bad and the kids wanted me there so we might go a diff day Hope all my East coasters stay safe and hydrated during this heat wave. Take care of yourselves and plan accordingly 💕 Kyo, that’s literally the cost of one of my nursing textbooks rip It’s in effect until Monday. It’s blistering everywhere Kyo needs to come back and tell me what sorcery he scored these books with I’m at Victoria Secret and got offered a job 😭😭 Ma’am I would for the discounts but I’m too busy Is it the voucher? yup good job its the switching to black for me I understand the why but its a blue app change all of it by this point exactly so changing the buttons to black changes the brand I literally cannot see anything bad about it fonts are just fonts for me lol everything is more vivid though. I sense future migraines people don't like change though. I feel like having visibility issues is a big thing that should be addressed if you want people to continue using the app but other than that idk their choice to care are you dark mode? wonder how big the difference is between the two I'm light mode rn hold on I would need more info on that cause from my knowledge spaces helps as the letter don't blur together obviously not everyone is the same but I wonder the why of it wait so what is the best option for you Kyo? I'm beta so I had the font changed ages ago, so its funny that everyone is reacting now I just had the color change though. like today I'm supposed to be doing hw so I can get drunk tonight but I'm being very lazy anyways, who wants drunk snaps 😂 LMFAO ANDRA that is the kind appearance I need bitch stfu about my relationship you're so wrong no amen sometimes you gotta be the little spoon LMFAO I like being a bottom! I am an angry bottom andra is gonna get fucked up when I go to Italy literally watch your back bitch this one frat bro called me Russian Roulette cause he said I was a bit of everything and all of them frightening. I dig it. askmdjnfh omg the wattpad story top and tail LMAO flashbacks YOU NEVER HEARD OF IT? it was about a unisex dorm and the girl and guy slept top and tail, means one sleeps normal head at top of the bed and then other sleeps head at feet. its to prevent kissing and snuggling and all that the view of the top bunk falling on you? sik sike kyo this is literally a bunk bed discussion rn anyways, at camp I always did top bunk cause my friends were scared of heights lmfao I liked it but the worst was waking up in the middle of the night to pee the innuendos stopped 5 mins ago omg relax bro I slept with the ladder to my right. did you do at the bottom? like towards feet? keep this energy for the escape room. you'd earn tips talking about escaping... I haven't read shit about sushi tf she at? she's on her hot girl summer lolling its the way I decided not to go to the red sox game and didn't and these bitches decided to pop off in the first inning i hate it here I read back shit I type and want to cry I really don't be proofreading lmao no thoughts, head empty, just keyboard noises that is me blame my bilingual ass if I say dumb stuff @faede I'm gonna scream we are winning 18-1 I should've gone to this game ldKJFShgsgd ALL MY SPAGHETTIS ARE UPSETTI I married a clown. Don’t ever say I’m not humanitarian Viv always had a 1hr timer guys. It’s been discussed before. Like waaaaaay before. OG’s only 😂 I hope this doesn’t mean I’ll have a bad night… I forgot to sleep for my night shift lmfaooo The Holy Trinity LMAO I don’t mean to laugh and be disrespectful but that’s such a little boy’s answer There will be a bunch of shitheads other there babe. My best advice is to love yourself, be confident and proud of who you are and comments like that will bother you less. Unfortunately; giving them the time of day to spew ignorant shit like that and entertain it with a discussion mostly fuels them Das my girl Where it at? I’m gonna box a bird no one pecks my babes hand Please do not try to ping everyone. And do not bring your drama here. You forgot to add another weirdo in there but I’ll still rate 10/10 The way I’d drop kick you if you focused on this instead of work/school Lighten the room Are those peaches? I swear fae is gonnna judge me LMAO That looks delicious Did you cook all of this? Baby cook me dinner anytime ❤️ Fae, you’re getting a new roommate :) dinners will be bomb and all on Aaron Down Sign me up rn they’re not lying, I’m missing a chunk out of my arm taste of  sarcasm and wine hawt I’m rooting for you LMFAO OHMYGOD WAIT I FORGOT Aaron must’ve been like who tf is this want me to be lulullulululu Yes But also NSFW but very much do when my MC hoes out and break’s Sam heart and I’m sad but also loving the tension It’s been severely lacking. I hope ch12 picks it up since the affair started happening on that chapter in the first book PB be playing it smart sometimes WACK Jordan got a lil rebel in em they all cute and sweet but then wanna hookup with the nanny Hawt They’re hot not my dumbass thinking you meant the tik tok 👁️👄👁️ I HATE IT That’s a spider Rip the arachnophobes Damn Aaron Tell us how you really feel sksjsjsjs ALSO WAIT BITCHES WE ARE IN GENERAL FAE DAMN IT That’s a perfect trichtophobia Or whatever it is with the tiny holes GODDAMN #choices-chat OUT OF POCKET LMAO I can finally breathe I want Aaron to roast my ass All thoughts,  no feelings 😂😂😂 My room smells like weed but I didn’t smoke Confused. weed smells like skunk spray and some gas mixed together wait fae You never smelled it? Oh Wow Lucky you It’s such a particular smell. You’ll be e forget it damn Come live with me You’ll see them and raccoons LMAO They didn’t spray me!! You smell them when they get scared It wafts Drew, I felt that. Hate driving over roadkill LMAO YES I’m laughing so hard. Every experience ever New York is having everyone on acid and you’re stone cold sober It’s wild NOT ASPHALT LMAOOO Fae really said I ain’t driving here again You’re too precious for this world HAHAHAH Person at the counter of the bakery: can I help you?
Also them: hey hunny, what can I get you?
@azula Pls tell me you’ve had this too I love it. It’s like did you really just decide on the spot you like me Fae got the fucking jokes today Totally but not cocky mean. Like straight up mean. just be direct I like standing in front of them and just staring at each other until someone speaks me: well? You gonna give it or what? New York is fun in its weird way. They’re drunk and kind, sober and mean Everyone is walking like it’s do or die elbowing bitches out of the way Oh they sleeping, just not in their beds he wanted a hug I can hear the Elmo laugh in my head The HEHEHEHAHAHAHA Ayo Spider-Man on the wrong block Florida had the scary clowns, NY had Elmo Choose your fighter I just realized I’ve been awake for 24hrs and thought it was 4pm but no it’s 11am cause I worked last night I love being lost I HAD TO PROTECT MY SERVER AND MY FRIENDS I WAS BEING A GOOD MOM I’ll just allow myself to pass out naturally If I go quiet Y’all know why Kyo or anhiro idk which did it There we go love and miss u peepeepoopoo damn everyone left 💤 how kind but also rude You should see the back of my phone screen lol LOL really good record iPhone 13 coming out soon new contract maybe? Wait fae imma send you a Snapchat of the back of my phone Everyone wait here for their reaction Lmao it’s wild Pls don’t mind how I look Wait for it 👀 Androids are great for mods It’s what I missed most LMAOO omg ily. It’s what I sleep in to maintain my curls And I dropped it. A lot. With no phone case. Wild child Fae got to hear my little hiccup I had one once and I hated it Didn’t fit in my pocket I don’t like bulky phones amen no case > cute case > sturdy case :) Mine is white My next one will be dark Wait I think we went from phones to cases LMAO my old one was rose gold. Pretty asf Dainty cause it matched my nails jealous Drew really won’t do that rn I feel you Fingerprint and Jack were the best I just don’t like how my laptop and cell phone need two different headphones Babe you gotta re-read what they posted lmaooo Omg nails reveal! 😍😍🥰 My hand is complete All my east coast peeps get ready and do your last minute shopping to stock up before the Hurricane hits this weekend. Stay inside as much as you can and be safe ❤️ they’re the people who tell you not to sign dumb shit read the fine print recommend alternative wording to prevent problems and lawsuits Ooo sexy corporate lawyers are nice mean, usually ugly but big bucks wording is very important one of the first things you learn as a nurse cause patients can read my documentation always say what you did, don’t speak of what you didn’t do, and don’t add extra words. Brief and concise is your friend No lmao allow me to lose 30lbs and I’ll be a trophy wife LMAO it’s a lot of good shit to give y’all really went for the heavy duty one there’s other ones that are good sksjsjsjshs There we go. Even lidocaine IV to numb is good Oh no, you def got morphine if you felt warm and fuzzy did you sleep like a baby mhm Tylenol 3 shhhhhhhh was this in the states or where you live cause we really hope back from using morphine There we go Ativan is my favorite pill to give the loonies Knock them out when you don’t go to bed and leave me alone.. cocktail hour :) Was it my selfie? ;( shotgun skdjsjsjsjsjsi I really thought you said you reached for one I was pleasantly surprised Was that your first time cause accurate asf you don’t know what to do with the feelings I love when they go quiet and then lose their shit and then go quiet again It’s horror movie shit Laughing gas?? mom: doc, I don’t think you finished the job. Lemme just knock that tooth out some people don’t do well I don’t know how I’d do but I got a lot of skeletons in my closet so I hope I just sleep I’ll let y’all know when I make my appointment to remove mine. I had one for my braces. No idea the why but it wasn’t bad. someone remind me to not accept coming in 4hrs earlier for my night shift thanks. well I said yes for tonight but you get the point LMAO That used to be me at my old job movie movie or Netflix special cause girl Baby use Netflix lmao Do you not have one??? Stay safe babe! Text me if you need anything ❤️ I’m so happy I did my 4 consecutive shifts so I can be home during this mess being stuck at work was not gonna happen not me crying my eyes out over this book I’m reading Black Dagger Brotherhood is a series. I used to read it when I was younger and learned that recently a new book came out with my fave couple and it was heart wrenching Don’t get me started or I will write an entire essay of how trashy but great these books are Some people really need a personality of their own. Life advice from Lu: just be yourself. Literally, do your own stuff and other like-minded people will gravitate to you. take every little bit of me as you please I'm Jesus, confirmed. write this on my tombstone yay!! Good luck, Drew!! You got this ❤️ Good luck Rae! I hope it goes well! Happy birthday Drew! we’re preparing you for a good day tomorrow especially since you just tackled your first day in school :) I hope the class tomorrow is great! Sounds fun ngl Passionate professors make it all better work is so busy today omg the change from PM to AM just hit me all at once lma I am lmao. I did so much and nothing at all at the same time. It’s insane I went through old photos to find one and now I’m sad seeing my old body lol This do be an annual occurrence oh thanks, but I just wish I had the energy and drive to be working out like before Can’t find time or motivation It’s easy when it comes to sports. Like if I could be on a sports team I’d be skinny minny cause I don’t see it as working out, I see it as fun and competitive Which I 100% am also my boss complimented me today in front of staff and I got emotional we do progress checkpoints and she told me I’m one of the calm, cool and collected people on the unit and that I never show my stress. She said I adapter super well to the unit and the crew has been giving me high remarks. :cryingcat: It’s so hard for me cause I like the unit, the crew is great but I won’t be there for a long time so it’s gonna suck finding a place where I fit in well They’re all a gem My coworker just made me an egg and cheese toastie ily omg Go to bed, school boy Does it start with a B cause if it does I think I know it rip Going to bed now that you ruined my dreams :peepohugme: What’s my Chinese name lmao tell it to use a condom I just suddenly remembered this was my name for months. Oops. https://tenor.com/view/vivi-hu-tao-viv-vi-el-gif-22247811 Remove the e and you got us Si not me asking how tf you colored in the search bar and why Google is colorblind don’t mind me@ just being stupid I know 😭 It is a name I’ve heard before not quite common Lu never dies https://tenor.com/view/thanos-snap-inevitable-marvel-avengers-endgame-gif-14599588 Boom It sounds pretty Your name gives you a handful of ethnic vibes I use it as a ….. you know what this is general Nvm kiss oh I mean if Fae wants it ….. I’ve kissed worst 😂 can I just say I’ve never changed my name willingly and I appreciate everyone who does it for me lol it’s the way Viv just ignored me Rood No you have upsetted me we’re done, goodbye ma’am you’re a forg not a dog you fruv me I actually wasn’t sleeping so I would’ve loved to be pinged and sentenced Drew to bed What I like how no one has voted for Jackie lmao saying its hard to write seems like a lame cop out for PB since they've made books where MC dates and bangs a group without any jealousy that is literally what you need to do but add mature dialogue addressing its not a duo but trio or whatever even a quad if they want it. I just realized this is general ugh y'all drive me WILD. All of you are wrong It’s January https://tenor.com/view/michael-scott-true-gif-5644456 https://tenor.com/view/no-do-not-want-the-office-michael-scott-steve-carrell-gif-5644457 https://tenor.com/view/dont-you-dare-dont-dont-do-it-the-office-michael-scott-gif-14178027 Mine has winter break, amazing holidays, cute treats and hot yummy food. Y’all being bias I’m just saying it how it is 💁🏻‍♀️:owoWink2: I just wanna know why the month with least amount of days is the worst lmao January has holidays… you never dressed New Years gold apparently. Winter clothes are pretty styles and colors and food is universal but cold is cold Nope. its me I’m the noob oh she hit a valve she was trying to go around it cause you won't hurt it dksfdhjgf she hit the valve and if she was smart she was not gonna bust through it so she wigglrd weak vessel are you hard to get blood? are you drinking water dehydrated hoe I’ll narrate them sexy stuff. I’ll make it fun I’ll use my accent I decided to treat myself and sleep in a little later and missed the opportunity to work 11a-11p Those are GOLDEN hours I’m pissed That’s kind Bel You’re sweet. why the uni part but you’d finish everything at this one college right That’s the best option single courses in uni are typically more expensive and harder What do you mean by higher education cause it seems worded wrong rn no, I get it. Just seems a bit demeaning of CC. Higher degree is usually what is said cause that’s more factual. You don’t get masters at a CC. you can get a good job with an associates depending on the career and your own motivation Aside from that, I just think getting pre-req done before a private/state school is in anyone’s best interest. Even if not low on cash. That way you focus on your major when accepted. the way you initially said it seemed like you were applying to the uni and finishing your stuff That’s why I commented. anyways, yeah. CC top tier. Recommend it to everyone. Has everything and for cheap Private/State professors are high and mighty, have a miserable life and think all there is to life is working. CC have long, fulfilling careers and usually take this up to help others reach that potential I have the worst patient assignments and it’s so funny to me I love when I get the patients that people would run from cause I either get them to like me or I just page the doctor every hour how they refused care and that’s all I document 😂 One of them is mentally delayed and walked into a patient’s room last night and started stroking her legs. We now have him 1:1 sitter which means supervised at all times. He’s also aggressive when agitated and towers over me…. He’s 6’2 to my 5’0. The other one has dementia, super combative and tries to punch you and doesn’t want anything to do with this hospital. He’s also covid positive so I have to gown up and go into that room and then gown off and then do it again within minutes cause he calls and doesn’t remember why or screams for help He’s old and unattractive. I would’ve been ok if he was hot and in his 30s Fingers crossed my other two patients are supposed to go home so I’m just wicked busy I’m off tomorrow but work Tuesday and idk what to do with myself Sure! this woman tapped on my car window asking me for a lighter. Idk what of my demeanor gives off that I smoke or possess a lighter anyways, I shared mine with her. She was ecstatic lmao I don’t look like a smoker! My teeth are white, my nails are pretty, and I smell expensive. I just always have a lighter on me 😉 Omg, never had a guy asked me but I def be there to roll up I was raised with smokers Naps, all the time, for no reason >>>> 🤞🏻hoping for an easy 8hrs🤞🏻 Someone recommend me food Got to leave early todayyyy Idk how you forgot, I’m literally right here I am the luckiest, unluckiest bitch ever. just my fucking luck. I did more courses than my classmates cause I started ahead of them (go over-achieving Lu) and I did not realize the next two semesters (14 weeks) are courses I already did take and now I'm scrambling to find open seats for the last two requirements I need. I'm so mad, I should've caught onto this sooner but they changed the course up by switching two classes and it threw me off I hope I can make it to the ones I want since I have this free time and I can get ahead and graduate early but idk. I'm waiting for the director to look over the list I sent and have her approve it. I got approved for a fucking class and it closed. I emailed another college and hope to find something but I think its too late. My shit luck. I swapped my tongue piercing with a jewel and it’s pretty Balls to diamonds baby I clean it when I brush my teeth/tongue. I do change them out at least every month because bacteria can build up. It was overdue and since I had to replace my other ones, I decided to treat myself to a new one I remove all of them myself. I’m not scared to fiddle around when they heal haha Do it I better have started that shit It’s me, me. I thought a hornet was a type of wasp like different colors and size but essentially of the same family I will confirm that tea tree oil helps me with my bug bites. I’m “allergic”. My body would rather cease to exist that to not be dramatic with the little blemish Hi baby, my cutie. That didn’t make sense but all love and feelings I just realized I picked the worst career for pregnancy I mean, I know what to do, but like… I gotta work until close to due date I hate it here bobble head baby I’d have to find the info in my old documents to know what I was but I think I was 7lbs, 6oz. Viv baby, I don’t know the stats of ALL the babie 😭😭😭 I was an incubator baby My body wouldn’t heat up. I was also born a month late which isn’t good. I wouldn’t heat up and they didn’t tell my mom. They just snatched me and took me out of the room. My mom had a full blown breakdown and she reported their asses to the head Lmfao you really do and I appreciate it Although we don’t have stats like that chilling in the hospital More for mom than baby. Prolonged labor due to size, probs can’t be natural. Infection. Emotional/behavior problems is a biggie for babies. Stillborn/newborn death. Hypoglycemia is another biggie Along with the emotional/behavior problems, they say that post term babes are more academically gifted. New to me as well. Hm. I can look into it To this day, my body still has a problem managing my temperature. When I have a common cold, I get 104F fevers. It’s crazy. Does that bring you comfort or does it upset you? if you don’t mind me asking. Parents always hold their own kids to different expectations and it’s horrible. Like, just give us the decency we deserve. Sorry about that. 🙃🙃 god, I really hope when I have my kids I won’t lose my mind and become stupid I’m gonna need everyone to help me raise some great allies people are gonna have weekly posts on here of how I should talk to my kids about so and so. Gonna need the feedback You’re gonna have to find a damn good doctor who wouldn’t argue against it. There’s so many good and bad things that come from it. It’s benefit vs risk. it really isn’t a universal answer. Each kid is unique I menstruated at 9 years old. So imagine I had to wait almost 10 years to make medical decisions as to what gender made me comfortable? Fuck that. Yup! That’s one of the cons! I didn’t know about the colon tho Wow. :O Interesting I applaud the doctor who thought of it Digestive organ From the large bowel Removed water, nutrients and all that stuff LSJDSJSJSHNS@VIV shaving cheekbones scare me@ and jawlines too Testosterone when did you start using a binder? ngl I feel like the first thought people would have finding one is that it’s a waist trainer if I can ask, do you have a plan of when/where it will be done. Money aside? It seems your parents aren’t the most supportive and surgery is no joke. You’ll need a lot of aftercare. I don’t want to upset you with any question so I’ll always ask before one. I’m like blunt formal when I don’t know the boundaries lol It’s not a bum thing to live with parents. It’s smart, despite how emotional and psychologically damaging it can be at times Financial security is hard. Take your time, do what you must but stay safe. parents kicking out kids at 18 boggles my mind. Hispanics would never. We usually leave cause we are sick of not having autonomy I’ve paid rent and covered all expenses ads since I was 17. It sucks but hey, I’m paying to live here so suck on that. word of advice for everyone, have your name on the lease. It sucks financially, but it gives you full reign on the place you’re staying. Unless managed by offices and governments but you know what I mean as he takes away yours The audacity My dad is the “I don’t mind gays, but my kids can’t be gay” lmao. He lucked out cause we’re all straight but I know for sure he’d be the type to send us to therapy Can I weigh in as a cis? I thought it was mtf Mhm Okay, my opinion!

When you get romantically involved with someone, you’re hoping to get to know them. All of them. Without deceit. I understand it’s harmful and scary because of the phobes and recent increase in aggression that leads to their ||murder||. It’s not easy and I don’t even think to claim it is easy but it’s not well to hold part of you a secret when it surely can affect another’s perception of you because it may be a big deal to some. Whether it’s the hiding or the truth.  Some people just don’t fly that way and that’s their problem, but they deserve to know. I usually relate it, although it’s not the exact same situation, to informing your partners about STI. It’s not easy, you may be ridiculed and people have been beaten to ||death|| because of this. You still have to inform them because they consented to being with you, but that wasn’t on the list of consent. So yeah, you need to know everything to consent. I don’t think it’s the first thing you should tell them. Take some time, feel them out. Hopefully by then you’re close to or starting a relationship and you know their character. You feel safe with them. And know their viewpoints. That’s when I think you should do it Cause let’s be honest, if youre 8 months into a relationship but you learned that they’re not receptive to the possibility or they are not who you think they are…. Break up. Leave and don’t say a word to save yourself and end it all there. Nope. All before. I would be absolutely gutted if I found out my husband had kept that secret from me. I would be ashamed he didn’t trust me, but still had the balls to marry me. Furious that he didn’t have the decency to tell me in all the time we were together. Maybe it makes me a shitty person, but you can’t keep someone in the dark for so long. See, idk. I would hope with the topics of children and what not, there would be some openness despite the stealth trans? Like what would you do if they want a kid and you know you can’t give them that? It would be shitty to lie to them. That’s just unnecessary but you want to keep that side a secret and move on from your transition date Damn, idk. I don’t want to be in this situation. On any side of it. Mhm True. But that’s a whole other convo cause many want biological kids Personally? I am a mom. I don’t have my own kids, but I treat everyone as my own. Helped my nieces and nephews as my own. But I didn’t put my blood, sweat and tears into creating them. Truly raising them from the beginning. I want to make the decision to have a baby, have them born from me. Have them be a little mini me and their father because it’s just my idea of a symbolism of our happy union and decision to make our family bigger I love adoption. I love fostering. I would do that if I can’t have my own bio kids. It’s always a choice but my first choice is my bio. I wouldn’t have a problem connecting to my adopted child, but their very essence isn’t me. They aren’t from my gene pool, they don’t have these intrinsic things to them that is me. It’s hard to define. It’s hard to explain. Idk. Since I was child I played mommy, I played house. To think this one goal in my life wouldn’t be achieved is devastating. And yes, I know that I would have to change my mentality on that and know deep down that I would still be a mom and play house with my adoptive/foster kids but it’s just a bit different. but that’s just me. Thanks Rae I typed a whole paragraph on the medical aspects of it and deleted it. But nice to know you understood that end of it Nature vs nurture is one of my favorite debates. My friend and I got into a heated argument because we are both crime junkies and talked about serial killers Yes!! I remember there was this hot debate in my family because of a docu on twins usually having the same sexual orientation. We had a whole argument of the logistics of it Family nights are fun There is no right answer. There will always be a fact that just tips the scale Yes, they want to rule out all possible factors The more identical, the less variations and all that jazz I haven’t updated myself on all the reads but I don’t think it’s out the question but no actual evidence has been found at this time. murder gene sjsjsjskshs IS IT? I was thinking of this mini series with Chris Evans. Defending Jacob! It’s basically a father who is a lawyer and his son is being charged for the murder of his classmate. It’s good but it didn’t go too deep into it. His father (the son’s grandfather) murdered a neighbor once. So murder gene comes up in the trial I don’t think it’s a coincidence, but it’s portrayed as it is. Like, most serial killers mention some other serial killer as their inspiration. Whether the crime, the target, or execution. So if they were born in the same month as one, they’d be like, oh, I can be the new them. but yeah, the whole horoscope thing isn’t for me. I’m sure some of it has a sliver of truth but it’s just for fun when I talk about it. I don’t put my trust into it I haven’t heard of this Can I take it online or do I got to pay? What’s the difference This is me saying empirically went right over my head 😂 Hope. You can feel it, you can will it or lose it, but it’s not measurable. No real way you can understand til you go through it it ranges from you to me to others what is the question itself though. Share it Scroll up Lu is going to dye her hair. I want to go back to my old auburn color hair. Similar to this but since I don’t have blonde in my hair, it’s going to be darker :/ It was nice for the eyes ngl orange and red makes my green eyes pop those are very interesting courses I almost took a Latin American History/Literature course but opted for ethics instead You ever just go on a long drive and just feel so small? I do so much and feel so unfulfilled. Yikes. Car rides are amazing. I love the sun on my skin, wind in my hair, fresh air in my nose. It’s all beautiful and relaxing but I always have an existential crisis omg good luck babe! I love planes. That’s what I get for nearly being on them twice a year every year Couldn’t find a good auburn color so my next choice is to dye my hair light brown I haven’t touched my hair yet. It’s still dark brown. I’m gonna buy the products tomorrow You don’t look like shit and I hope you have a fun time and enjoy their company! Sometimes I feel not up to hanging out but then I go and remember how much I miss them & the fun we have It’s 9pm and I’m already tired. Bro My patient has been hypertensive since midnight. I’ve been scrambling to make sure it’s not a damn heart attack and my other patients are just are sick rn jfc I want to go home he’s stable btw. Finally got him the lowest he’s been all night after IV meds FREEEEEEEEDOM If only y’all knew the patients I had to take care of lol nah, all on the younger side this one dude was batshit crazy He would shit on the floors and piss on the walls I have risen milf alert mwuah I thought we all knew by now …. Drew when he pretend I don’t exist and then everyone just stared I need more mugs I want to be that kind of mom the correct one Let my brain reboot and I’ll make a pun for you I know there’s many bottles out there but the first thing I thought was baby bottle Skdjdjsjsjssn anyways that’s just my ovaries talking fae: baby bottle
kyo: water bottle
me: beer bottle
rae: wine bottle Choose your player this is kyo’s daily reminder to hydrate see R E M I N D E R If you go to ihop and don’t order apple juice for your breakfast I don’t trust you my exception stop I typed ayoooo and it changed to stop… clearly something is wrong A breakfast chain here to rub Fae’s back and give alka seltzer after apple juice Tropicana bitches I used drink their pineapple juice. Like religiously when we all were led to believe it made your * taste better Bel clearly taking vitamins That vibrant yellow vitamin B makes your shit highlighter yellow It’s soooo fun Drew jfc Pale yellow is the way WHITE???? SIR CLEAR can’t relate FLAME ON https://tenor.com/view/chris-evans-ladies-call-me-torch-johnny-storm-fantastic-four-human-torch-gif-9116684 I cracked my gel nail ugh I need to get them redone ok I’m gonna go back to reading my book I love you all Goodnight Good morning Stay safe Be happy. ping to alert the milf I sensed the depression the real question is if my tik toks made absent kyo smile I got no feedback whatsoever I want to learn Japanese but then I picture myself agonizing over not perfecting the symbols and I think I shouldn’t I would stress myself Raise your hand if you got kyos number I saved the photo so that’s 2 this will keep you up at night Bye! You don’t want a iMessage game war with me I’m good. Really good. bro lmao is it like inflictions? That’s so interesting Damn Drew, you missed out I would’ve loved to be taught this as a child ish 😂😂😂 It’s still missing out. You had the chance but you decided not to take it. It happens I love languages, if I could be fluent in all I would be. Just need to find good places My siblings didn’t teach their kids Spanish and I think that’s bonkers. Why would you not want to gain the knowledge? Advance your communication skills cross geographic regions? It so helpful for careers too I speak to them in Spanish so they pick up stuff. they understand it but don’t speak it well. That’s a win for me since they started from nothing Yup two way program for all I’m gonna learn another language and speak it to the baby in my womb so they can be trilingual 😂 It’s my learning some Romanian with Duolingo for half a year. Too bad the free version sucks. Not too sure about the paid one babies have their own way of communicating and when you pick up what they’re trying to say it’s really cool What you call coos and babbles is their speaking but they do a lot nonverbal Especially my resting bitch face. It speaks to all tragic 💀 it’s my personality Lol That shouldn’t have made me laugh I’m so sorry skssjsjsj I can picture you exasperated after the 4th “what’s wrong?” Everyone: why the stank face
Me: this is my face. You’ve seen some shit 😭 still have that clip saved oh babe I got you This confused me so much. She pronounces it right? I always go back and listen to it when this joke is made but like… I don’t hear it? Kyo come confirm. She says covid? it’s pronounced right Fae can confirm since I just shared too I don’t even think she’s trying to sound like she has an accent sksjsjsjj. Viv has breakthrough accent which I find endearing eh nah. She has a unique voice I don’t think she sounds valley at all. I always tell her that she has a nice accent I know it’s a joke that she sounds like a white girl and I laugh but it’s not true @azula I love you Ray sksjsjsjsbs You did not show up for this just say when babe Be impressed and annoyed I don’t think I sound like I’m supposed to That’s so rude Aku, I never forget you 🥰🥰🥰 My specialty. Free of charge. Aren’t I a doll I want this next time I’m free and with good wifi :( Aw feel better It’s me. I’m the crisis LMAOOO Take your meds, hydrate. Rest when you can boogies begone! You aren’t taking antibiotics? You just getting through this raw. Kinda hate that for you but I respect it lol Total willpower there do I have to bring out the nurse? hmmmm ok my patient stripped naked and when I went to his room with new hospital gown to change him he said “no thanks, I want you to bounce on my instead” I need a channel dedicated to my experiences He was old, wrinkly, and confused HAHAHAH Yes Why? I feel like I’m missing a joke here ahhhh I thought it was a sugar daddy joke but she doesn’t pass the vibe but I forgot choices Duke Dick It’s not really consistent, but accentuates your emotions and certain words it just shows up for diff reasons lol not only at that time but yeah Yup I’m guilty I just don’t think my words through when emotional, just a lot of feelings that I throw out with words and suddenly accent, mispronunciations are all there I have to remind myself how to speak lmao I literally said to myself “huh, there’s a word for everything” and then Viv sent that LOL pls enlighten me Wild guess but is this because books and coffee and reading on the toilet are things we get our body used to? Damn I didn’t turn off the ping. My fault the smell gives a laxative effect? Wild I obviously know it’s not good to pee in the shower but I recently learned it’s especially bad for women Apparently it causes disuse of the muscles that helps us be continent. I read a whole thread of women who pee in the shower and now they’re loosey goosey I love kegels I just do them cause they’re fun It’s how women tighten their pelvic floor muscles I feel like I was an active person in the kegels convo they’re just amazing Men, thank your women for their kegels. @faede Panera is dropping grilled cheese x Mac & cheese 👀 ngl, I’m tempted to try this. looks so wrong but taste so right kinda deal Omg the stockyard is amazing I looooooove happy hour there I have a small mouth but that’s no surprise when everything about me is small lol I’m proportional like that don’t forget the boobz I’ll just say there’s two things that aren’t small, fine. when you send selfies I bought a new bra lol I asked Metta for color opinion and my other friend confirmed it was nice bro my apartment hasn’t had water all day. I want to shower 🙃 no one on this server has ever gotten pics of my goods 😂😂😂 90% are minors ffs Oh dumb bitch gang doesn’t count Y’all are family Bitch wtf That’s a look You leave my boy Henry alone. He servings looks If y’all never met a Henry who looks like this rip I’m so sorry Henry’s are the fucking pick of the crop. I love them. Always laid back but sexy. Lover, not a fighter but can still throw down. Always party with a Henry I like trains. That’s how most people transport. It’s nice just sitting back, having a snack and just zooming We don’t have tolls anymore. It’s all EZ pass and it’s the best thing ever Tolls were fun for me. I do get the anxiety of tossing the money into the little bucket though My friends HATED it. So I always drove. That’s the benefit of not giving a damn Makes sense! Do you live near many? :O a tragedy How dare they I had Burger King tell me they were out of burger buns I dyed my hair and I have hot roots 🙃 😂😂 copper-ish I’ll post a photo tomorrow I need a picture cause I have no idea what you just said I feel like it’s a dog breed 😂 omg she got the tri tone Go Kyo’s mom! does she not know they multiply if you do that? wack also, I’ve already had 2 grey hairs spotted at this age Don’t ever say Lu isn’t stressed you didn’t lmao we love stressed out friends Couldn’t be me this is such a flex lmfao Imagine your acne migrating cause you said no sirrrr not today it doesn’t 😭 you’re actually tripping if you think it just magically solves. Hormonal change, diet change, better hydration, hygiene, and stress those are all factors you don’t get scarred if you don’t touch which is the plus it does. it doesn’t just poof I’m not a toucher either. Only blackheads and that’s cause I hate it being deep and painful Popping or picking cuts the skin and it gets inflamed and then scarred. Scars are just repeatedly to the point it just actually scars 😭 ily I’m fingers. The tools are so harsh I rather use the proper squeeze than titanium tools Oh she fancy Aku got strong ass fingers it’s awesome I like things getting popped how do you let it get to that point Ingrown hair pops? Amazing. I think it’s terrifying to walk around with that monstrosity I never touched a pimple :) am I? Totes not. I said blackhead are my thing. Not pimples. Checkmate :) mwuah they’re dark. Trust me, I notice No you gotta clean Dirt and oil trapped in pores pimples with the white head is bacteria in the pores and that’s why it’s pus yeah, but you gotta scrub it out of the pore and sometimes they’re deep asf so you can’t just do once I’m kinda surprised the lack of facial hygiene here Health class failed y’all double d’s enough for you? Oh you fixed it 😂 sksjsjjsjsjsjs proctorio only watches for common signs of cheating. Use a document you’re staring at the screen anyways if you look down, to the side, use your hands, etc I know so many cheating hacks for in the classroom… it’s just an app Webcams you see, my teachers never did that. We can have phones out and on the desk. Using it was something else I appreciate the teachers I had who respected us and treated us like adults, even as teenagers if you exploit, jokes on you though. they had the mentality of, if you want to cheat, you will, so go and do it and see how it effects you. @faede you would’ve thrived in my schools. Next life of yours, live where I do. You deserve them. Sksjsjsjshs mass ain’t all hard babe. It’s tough love central like the toxic bad boy who is only sweet to you cause he’s sweet on you let me tell you the story of a glass house not waka waka shakira, I’m so sorry I would pay you money to sing this in vc I just know it would be funny bet @faede pls I have this friend who is so toxic and I feel like you’d like her. She posted a meme in her story calling out her bf where she says “there are no other guys” and it’s her groping her bestie skdhdhsjsh mass be wild Once again, Fae would thrive here. good content This gives me Lion King hyena vibes lol the crazy one and this dog are twins I would have such a good day if I got these before work Fingers crossed I dream of something related to this ummmmm That can go south real quick kinda here for it it’s been a long time since I did stuff like that miss it a bit that’s odd I can make myself dream stuff but I like them to naturally come to me see what my brain conjures Oh I don’t mind at all. I used to look up some crazy stuff on the internet on how to do it and practiced but it’s not good if you’re anxious btw.

You lay in bed and pretend to sleep. Your body will send messages to check if you’re aware- an itch you want to scratch, a weird pressure you feel that makes you want to switch positions. You ignore them and your body now thinks you’re sleeping and you have free reign to do stuff problem is, the brain is mighty strong and has a lot of things stored in there. It’s paranoia central I had lucid nightmares as a result. Trippy to know from start to finish how it progressed but forgetting when you went to sleep in the middle of it Ever watch nightmare on elm street? It’s like that oh that’s a neat idea You learn it’s a nightmare afterwards but in the real time it all feels very real. Looking back at it, I remember there was little inconsistencies in that dream state that should’ve alerted me For sure. Deep sleep dreams Noooo, I missed Angela :( Omg babeeee. Hiii ❤️ Always here for me 💋 guess I’m getting wifi lmao My voice I feel like is misleading I do not sound what I look like or talk like You shall decide amazing you can do it oh hunny, this is so off the mark 😂😂😂 my job asked me if I can come in tomorrow since they’re severely short staffed Feel bad but it’s been a while since I’ve had the weekend off lmfao the amount of times this is shared with me 😂💀💀 I wish I was that disrespectful @faede panera reallyyyyyy wants you to try this lmao omg it looks good but I haven’t tried it Broccoli cheddar soup FTW flatbread isn’t bad either! wow this ethics course is going to be fun I'm gonna make so many enemies I had to call in for a question and they asked me what do I work as. I said nurse and they go “okay, nurse practitioner. Got it” Ma’am no 😭😭 I still got years It’s my job texting me to come in on my off day as I’m working I literally watched you send me this text 😂 No shame, total desperation my pt asked me if I was married/had kids and I said no, she then asks me if I have a bf and I said no again. She lost her mind 😂 My patient: with all that ass??? * points* with all those curves? *fans self* boys must cry I fucking love her. My Russian mama hyping me up it’s me crying over a book again I’ll privately tell you that way we can laugh how an erotica made me soft 💀 pffft they wish it could omg ilysm idk why I’m being complimented so much today but I appreciate it y’all certainly made a hard week better I respect people who love the job they do but still speak on the harshness and bad days. It’s realistic and it makes it all the more sweeter morning folks, I’m gonna treat myself to a manicure girly needs it what are you doing? he looks like Chris Evans and Scott Eastwood mixed together and I’m sooooo here for it .img ian Kingsley he looks familiar but I can’t put my finger on it This works pretty damn well HOT asdfffjsk Pretentious LMAO this reminds me of my fave IG page “Hot men reading” ngl I feel like he needs a bigger ratioooo Veronica oh shit Now you really gotta do it it’s so rude how Aaron left when I joined sir Come back is that Pia Mia I know you’re being serious but I just laughed so hard it seems like we made up names on the spot There is a fire alarm that keeps going off next door I don’t smell fire but it’s been going for 10 mins 👁👄👁 Really? Ours do the beep beep every once in a while when batteries are dying Doesn’t actually ring I’d do insane random blaring sound? Fuck that The beep drives me insane too. I was on vc with a friend who had it going and I told her to stop being lazy and switch that shit YESSSS Looks amazing babe I told my sister I wish I could rock pink hair and she said I can soooo…. Stay tuned I also love the silver look so as in a post? idk Maybe it works? Upvoted I hope the photos come out lovely! I love picture day. Only time I ever enjoyed taking photos tbh I have a photo album with all from my first year to graduation kinda want to do my makeup and go all out cause it’s been a while too bad I don’t have the comfort of my old room to do it Cute selfie mood eh I decided to do hw instead its due the 29th but I just don't want to worry about it lol plus I have a group project I've been avoiding I can be a good scholar when I wanna be me when I push you to apply to more places :poppydealwithit: good whdjefgr what AM I LISTENING TO CAN'T TOUCH THIS DUH DUDHDHHDBD from Viv's imagination :owoHuh: :heheadrian: :garbryce: I've been waiting for this damn phone to arrive since noon goddamn amazing whose? AHHHH nic nice loooooooove crisp my favorite thing is seeing every mistype daily in the bots channel. It cracks me up we all make that mistake I’m soooo guilty of this too. My first one is usually dailt I just type too fast for my own good and autocorrect just don’t be getting the job done like it used to truth For the first time in my life I won’t be celebrating the new year with my family they’re gonna lose their minds I’m working 7p-7a on New Year’s Eve and New Years lmao she had my energy until she threw up lol. I respect it though I like her Was she good? I CHIPPED BOTH OF MY FUCKING NAILS AT WORK PLEASE TELL ME IT WAS WORTH IT OMG YAY success 🙌🏻 amazing I wish I liked mac and cheese cause it sounds delicious that would be the most American thing about me I’m in damn tomato soup huh I am losing my mind Apple really be making my life hard rn boutta throw hands with everyone my father lost his phone and it was not connected to any devices so I cannot activate the replacement because code keeps going to the old device which is now inactivated. its just circles dude can't, sends code to old device anyways. I enrolled my phone number and it told me I won't be verified til Oct 6th like how tf omg don't make me go in circles with you as well lol. I've tried everything, recovery will take 10 days. or I would have to gain access to the old phone/number there is no other way to get into it and I'm impatient "always a pleasure" grrrrr it was a joke? but thanks for the attempt to help iphone XR and whatever the last update was before two prior I would say 14 cause I forced him to do it can't restore backup cause the phone is lost and no computers are linked to the icloud... so I have to wait for my own number to be verified to bypass the 2 step verification nopeeeeeee remind me to make all my devices be his trusted to prevent this int he future cause I know he'll lose another yup mhm upgrade baby its the same price that I always remember it being 1300 for the Max is typical viv angy happy for you babe! As I should. idk who died that led Weiss to believe he can police what constitute as a child buuuuuuuuuut I’m certified MILF. Not in my house. And she proclaimed me as MILF. And what bitch? 👑 gotta defend the title anyways, now I gotta get back to driving across state lines Too-ta-loo can someone name some good gyms? My hospital offers reimbursement for memberships and I need suggestions I usually like to do abs, butt, thigh machines + weights and Zumba/Yoga/Pilates classes as long as they have A LOT of machine I can make do Is it 24hrs? I forgot to add that in cause of my random work hours yikes on bikes I just hated being surrounded by people. If I could rent out a gym every time wanted to go I would. Don’t like people near me, don’t like being ogled, just want to lose myself in the music and exhaust myself to the point my bones were liquid Plus, I’m at an all time high in weight so that’s the reason to start going again. Stupid metabolism I live in a one bedroom unit. No place for machine and the ones beneath me wouldn’t like the thumps I have a gym mat which I’ve been doing some easy stuff at home with but that was before the move. Gotta buy weights Love talking about being fat and then eating junk tho Yes lmao 👀 is that the mirror thing interesting, I like it. Including you? Congrats I was always the one ahead of the announcements in my classes I’d get a text at 3am asking me if we had class every time 😂 what is the reason behind the cancellation? Nice. You work tonight? You know what that means….. mc time if kyo has done all his hw 😂 so motivated so early in the day Cause they’re due tonight I guess that works too How is that course going? lol Yay! See, I knew you’d do well :( :) Dura matters 😂 wanna try that sentence again? there we go Ducktore LMAO kyo is gonna be my tech I love this for Lu I spoke it I don’t like that answer:( YES my friend sent me that She went: 👀 I said: 🤐 Kyo let’s get back to the fortitude thing why I am I’m just built different no I def been told fucked up things about my patients and I’ve just not spoken it to others not the best way to handle it but sometimes you feel for them nah we gossip too much for that one of my patients told me that his son who lived here asked him to leave Florida cause he missed him. He flew him out and then tried to take his money. They fought and broke the family up so then he did what he could do… he put him in my nursing home and stole all the money. He said if he had one chance to leave here and get back home, he’d shoot him with his gun. He tried leaving 7x I would have to lock the unit. bro nah. I worked night shifts, you’re short staffed and homie was hot wheeling his wheelchair to the exit I would barely get work done. Stressed. and that’s just tame crap compared to the family dispute over actual death The rehab I did one of my rotations was being sued cause a patient fell down the stairs Doesn’t work like that Psych is wild! Everyone in the health field has to do a psych tour to understand the important behind identifying patients They are all mingling in the same room. All mixed together and you don’t know them I’m looking for sally and Virgin Mary over here claiming to be her STRESS you gotta lock up the hand sanitizer dispenser cause they try to drink it gotta leave the room and secure the door cause if you don’t those mofos will follow and corner you yup. They stare at the codes and recite them Can’t tell me the year is 2021 but they know the 2783462 code good idea lmao listen, I’ve had a patient who was soaking wet and with poop on their hands try to fight me. I literally backed up and said fuck that Patient: DONT TOUCH ME.
Me: trust me, not even accidentally nah, some things you just gotta deal with it’s sad but I’ve risked my personal health too many time cause I care care a lil too much. It wrecks you You can’t save them all. Can’t help them all. You gotta deal with it. Do what you can and send them out. and it’s 1% of what they actually need. 👁👄👁 kyo don’t make me tell you my code story It was while you were gone. shit hurt. I did everything I could to save him. We did. His family reversed his code status to DNR/DNI. I wanted to fight them. do not resuscitate Do not intubate If he crashed again, they wanted him to pass away naturally 45 minutes. We spent 45 minutes stabilizing him at 4 in the fucking morning only to have the family say nah, let him die and he passed away in the ICU unit 10 mins later. I felt so disrespected and offended. It wasn’t even personal but I just brought back your dad and this is what you decide? I’m mad all over again. I’d like to think it was more emotional His daughter made the call. She told us before if anything were to happen, to not call the mom but herself. So that is who decided it. It felt wrong. The wife should’ve done it. exactly. My only argument to that is make the decision before it comes down to it. The minute we got him back and she reversed it? There was nothing else we could’ve done for him. Just hope his body took over It was the wrong time for it. They had a discussion that same day about it and she didn’t overturn it until after he was also leaving that morning. He was going to do one last thing and get sent home…. So I remind myself of two things:
1. We saved him. He was stable when he left my floor.
2. We saved his family the heartache of collapsing at home. anyways, filed that in the back of my mind, compartmentalize and went back to caring for my other 5 patients and then return that night for another shift since it was my 2/4 just nurse things. That’s the bad part, it can’t or you’ll be distracted and then something else can go wrong mhm I allowed myself 10 seconds. I went to the break room, angrily cried, washed my face, and went back out like nothing happened. That’s fucking insane and so wrong but that’s how we function. My coworkers were wonderful though. I packed up the room and he decided to save me the trip upstairs to turn it into the family, the other one asked to take my pager so I can go outside and walk it off in the cold air, and the other two talked to me about their first code stories to make me feel better. “The first time is the hardest.” “you saved him, you got us in there and we got him back. Everything else was out of your hands” and that’s what I kept hearing in my head when I went to sleep that morning. Cause I needed the reminder. So wack. The doctor didn’t take me serious whe I paged him before about the patient. He said he would speak to the team and see if they want to do something. It happened because he was going home and they thought I was looking for problems. Anything I would report, would tack on more days to keep him in the room. And that’s why healthcare in America sucks. 11pm: pt has anxiety attack.
11:03pm: I paged the doctor about it, symptoms and what I’m doing.
2:20am: pt has another anxiety attack.
2:25am: page the doctor a second time to report all the same information and for him to call me.
3:30am: dr calls and tells me he’ll speak to the team. I remind him this is the third in 24hrs, he tells me he didn’t hear about the one in the morning. Questions me despite me informing him. Ends call.
3:55am: pt goes into vtach.
3:58am: pages the doctor that patient went into arrhythmia, no symptoms, tells him everything I did and ask what he wants. No answer.
4:15 pt codes. funny thing is, we have an overhead system for codes. We call them, and they report the code for us. I was so beyond fucking pissed that I told someone to call the code, I paged the doctor directly. My message was: pt vfibed, calling code blue. He was up in the unit within 3 minutes. Even before the overhead got called. That’s how you know he fucked up disregarding me. kyo learn your teles Red and blue are the same. But for abduction, aggression, and threats all change for what I recal l but I meant tele as in telemetry ekg learn the rhythms lmao. At least the bad ones! 😂😂 It’s funny, you’ll see a bad one and go “that doesn’t look right” But the ok ones are like what?is??that?? Are you normally low? when I was at my most fit I was 85/40 She asked me if I was bleeding ma’am no…. I’m an athlete. how high? does it run high in your family? ah, yeah. My classmate was the same. Both parents had hypertension and he warned me before I checked it for skills. It was 142/96 resting. The teacher called bullshit and checked it she was like “Steven, please speak to a doctor” he was on meds though. “Good job, Lu” no shit lady. I did vitals as a CNA. 😭😭😭 you’ll see her again in 2 years lmao yup shit cost me $120 but they waived $70 It was a good day 24hr certification FTW Clarice I need to watch a live video of your rooms They sound fun kyo: that’s not a clue.
group: proceeds to wreck the room “please drop Kevin’s face. Thank you.” it’s a mix of being dumb and overthinking I haven’t done an escape room before but I feel like I wouldn’t know how to go about it lol I’d def thing the stuff is more planned out than they are ACTUALLY WAIT I did one in my college. It was fun. wtf How close were you to the end? lmao You just walk out? bang bang Oh, I got the notif for this but couldn’t find the channel Oops gl kyo I am so mad. In my dream I put on an alarm so when I heard mine this morning, I thought it was the dream one. So disappointed Guess who decided to help out and switched from 8hrs to 12hrs 🤡 they were wickedly short staffed Lmao Hm? Gimme a summary cause I’m on break I just wanna say y’all chose the right day for this foolishness cause my ass would’ve never. not Adrian lol Metta gonna show up it’s 9 in California lol :CharmanderHi: The amount of serotonin that I get from seeing this emote is quite amazing It’s a good one. Kills me every time you use it I just picture you so satisfied too :samwtf: This the one for me bro looks puzzled asf Sam: y’all hear that? Harsh You gonna take that Drew? you should fight for love! Defend it! Or whenever that dude from RoE said before ripping off his shirt Yes! Him lmao He was such a Latin cliche but I loved everything about him the scene at the club for the bachelorette party always sends me sksjsjsjshs I saw that Rude asf 👀 🤐 This has going to be controversial But since Abyss isn’t here right now imma share….. I’ve never watched Megamind. Anyways, goodnight ❤️ *sleeping* :nyanbearhug2: My nephew got into his first high school fight. Proud auntie rn Everyone should get into one fist fight. Truly. Yes, my nephew won. He also didn't get suspended. He socked the kid in the jaw. The fight wasn't even his lmaoo we got celebratory burger king I boost this server boo the day they want me to be staff over there, I'll boost them. tit for tat For myself? Yes. always. yup the minute you said this I got pinged by two other people in a diff server lmao it has begun nah, he got extra fries instead. still a king cause its just a headwear Scratch all of that. My nephew and the school fucked up big time. I wanna snatch that burger king back. excuse me, movie time. I shall explain after the pixelkim hit differently though shits really good Aku did an amazing job. my gaming server has the grinch with a christmas hat so it covers half of the seasons lol quite nice right hold on wait hold on more stories are happening lol shit is wild rn you said take your time and that is the wrong thing to say to me since I'm busy 24/ 7 anyways My sister was informed of the fight through a teacher and not the Dean of Discipline, Vice Principal, or Principal. Strike 1. My sister works at a middle school a bit of ways from there and she can't be reached by cell phone d/t wifi issues so she told my nephew to have faculty call her office so they can reach her. The school apparently tried once and didn't reach here so they didn't bother to try again. Strike 2. My nephew, the dumbass, said it was ok to leave with the best friend's mom since she was already there so they released him to her. Strike 3. You DO NOT release the student to a person other than emergency contact (me) if their parents are not able to be reached. Wtf. That is quite negligent and anything could've happened to him when he left the premises. ALSO, most fights don't even end after being disciplined at school. The minute you go outside, its on sight again so what if the kids had a vendetta and actually tried to attack with a weapon? Faculty fucked this up all around. Plus, my nephew was trying to text his mom throughout the entire thing when she works with special needs kids and tried to hold a convo through shitty wifi which put her classroom in a pickle and she could've been fired for not paying them any attention since she was trying to resolve this since no one in the office informed her from a call. so either his school lied or hers lied, but we gonna find out tomorrow the last thing that is the fucking kicker is that my nephew was in this fight because the kid had a problem with his friend who goes to another school and assumed he was involved anyways so when he was in the office, they asked him to call his friend to confirm he was not involvd. HIS FRIEND IS IN ANOTHER HIGH SCHOOL AND THIS WAS IN THE MORNING. like how you gonna ask a student to call another student to get a story straight and not think he was going to get in trouble for just having a whole convo on the phone ????????? it was a whole mess trying to get all the pieces flowing apparently idiots run this school @faede I like the name thing you got going night And @kylie davis welcome to the server! MY FUCKING PATIENT KNOCKED OVER A CUP OF COFFEE AND BURNED MY HAND It’s so bad, they told me if it blisters and pops I can’t come to work. Bro, he really screwed me over. Wrote a whole incident report and everything. It was an accident but the guy is confused and was upset I woke him up for meal and told me he was going to punch me in the face A series of unfortunate events It’s the way I refrained from punching him It’s not even cause I was upset but I jerked back so fast when I felt the burn I almost upper cut him It’s the middle finger that got the worst of it Couldn’t have been a useless finger but nooooo had to be the main one that flexes with each movement Awesome! What’s the story Or theme I guess is a better word Fat mood lol don’t be upset, I don’t work today and I don’t feel well. Aku, dm me if you’re really concerned so I can ask questions privately to help I was going to say it’s more than likely a blood vessel from stress/lack of sleep/straining but just in case I would’ve asked for a photo to make sure. Take it easy I’m okay, I just think I’m coming down with a cold. Yeah, that kind of straining/pressure is not ok. Do you hold them in? I’m guilty of that and I remind myself to stop Maybe you’re just aggressive lmao Control your power You might pop something else idk what that is a reference of but it’s funny my mom this and the sound is gross. I feel like an ass cause I get she needs to get out but it’s such an ugly sound Sneeze is ok as long as your mouth is covered but it’s the sound of the phlegm being loosened up and hacked up for me again, it’s not like I’m grossed out but I just don’t want to hear it she does this weird jaw thing noise when she pops her ears She’s a frickin circus freak idk I don’t go breaking down the logistics of it lol It’s something she’s always done I would if my body can handle it Some people look amazing at 95. They can add a few more years with grandkidds I’ve worked at a nursing home and a lady was 98 walking with a rolling walker up an down the street Her undoing was a fall that broke her hip. Very common. People have this weird thing with thinking the older you are the more useless you and your body are. Treat your body right, take care of it, and win the genetic lottery. it is what you make it I plan to battle life til I lose Update: my finger is starting to blister. Yikes. I need it to stay bubbly to heal my finger but I also don’t want it to pop cause then I can’t work. Too high risk of an infection. Sterile gaze and tape but I have neither. I tried yesterday but it was burning too intensely for me to try it then. I’ll buy some later and see how I’ll managed with my middle finger mimicking a mummy I’ll check it out but it seems like it’ll land halfway on top of one of my blisters :/ Thanks for the tip! I forgot to read it Was it on this channel? You da best! Sounds like a movie Which is Oh that’s the hostel one. Wait how many themes do you run at a time? Or when do you decide to switch? is it depending on what you book? you = customer Makes sense I think I’m going to give squid game a shot I don’t like hyped up things but the plot seems cool I would watch it in a movie so why not Mhm. Although after I watch I’ll properly rank it compared to those I expect it to higher than truth or dare but less that escape room lol Lit. Main actor or background? Hope they were nice. Lmao amazing That’s one thing I can say about the actors from here. Usually all kind and humble I didn’t get ID’ed when I bought my cigs. I’m upset lmao I always get ID’ed. I look younger than my age Drew Andra nooooo wdym I know??? You don’t unless you’d understood why I like to be asked See that’s the energy I want I’ve been asked to confirm my age while they held it before Do the math homie I love having a tall wife lmao Taller than me by a lot 5 LMAO Yes My love language is Andra asking me my height every other month Next time I’m going to lie That’s no milf, that’s a yeti Yes For a man? 6’4 Anything above 6 is ok For a woman Lmao I don’t want to be tall They can keep all the inches I’m content being my size. General question: am I weird for thinking it’s weird that my coworkers followed me on IG without asking? It’s not that it bothers me, cause I like having followers (especially when I used to post a lot) but like most of them are just cool people but I haven’t hung out with or anything. Two of them are ones I’ve made plans to hangout and the closest to what I would call friends but the others are just coworkers. Like usually when someone follows another, you mention to follow you or like… you post pics and tag and follow or something. I feel flattered, like yay, I’m a newbie and they like me enough to want to see what I post. That’s such a plus… but I totally don’t get why they do this when I’m outside of work too. I will get requested at like 2am or right after I leave work and maybe its me being paranoid, but why were you thinking of me at that time? See, I have former teachers/friends/coworkers. I don’t find it a problem that they followed me, like I said, I will add just about anyone that I know if they request me. It’s just doing it with minimal interactions which I find off I guess I can relate to if old classmates followed me, I usually say yea cause we interacted for 4 years or what not but I’ve been working with them for no more than 5 months 😂 Honestly? Now that you said that and read what I sent, I think I’m just being weird. Maybe I just think that people care that much about who they follow and they prob don’t. My profile is public, so I appreciate the follow since they could just see my stuff and talk about me if they wanted to Kyo knows this very well since he Twitter stalks me 😂 hm, it’s just me I guess. Nah, like I said, I don’t mind the actual follow. It’s just, if I worked 36hrs with you back to back, why did you follow me when I’m home sleeping? Lol. We all have our phones out whenever we are sitting down to catch a second it is to me. that's 5in taller than me! I'm not calling her a giant but she's average size congratulations lol a lot of people are fortunately/unfortunately I had to present and give a tour to middle schoolers who were taller than me its funny too, my growth spurt was sudden cause I menstruated early so I was taller and more developed everyone in elementary-middle school and then I just stopped. now I'm a squirt Metta is shorter than me ........ on his knees. lol gotcha idk who you believe would be 5'9 in this server besides me with my big mouth expose yourseelf rn metta's mom is a tall queen omg I'm invited to the BBQ amazing, I'll bring the jungle juice fae is obvs my +1 LMAO dance eat compliment the food bring something say hello to everyone have seconds amen Metta and I are cousins Caribbean homies :ChillBar_noted: YES damn we really do live the same life this is new, got a pic? mhm oh ok never had it but I love beer so bring it on now I'm worried Fae would lie about my cooking omg aku pls come to the states we will host one am I sugar mom now? girly, there's no rush. you can earn it lmao mine expired don't let it expire I know. I have to if I want to go visit Andra next spring I'm just too busy to look pretty for a photo mugshot looking ass bitch this is how I live my life and scare men precious got shit on me I don't mind it but I find it funny when men comment on it "a pretty thing like you aught to smile" I aught to punch you in the face https://tenor.com/view/nope-oh-no-oh-no-do-not-want-gif-7706102 why is this so funny I have pretty teeth from braces so I guess I will help them out now actually, it all depends on how good you're about retainers. it prevents them for returning to what they were so no, I know quite a few people who had nice teeth post braces but then didn't use retainers wasted money, time, and potential congrats! forever lmao your teeth can shift whenever aligners are a version of retainers, they allow small shifts of adjustments to be made for cosmetic workup retainers maintain all the work in place so they won't reverse my sister and her bf are having a couple spat and I'm here trying to do hw and watch baseball 👁️ 👄 👁️ I sure hope the red sox win LOL A YANK LMAO it does use legs, you run in football. you kick the ball for a punt of field goal wtf swimming would like to speak to you bowling golfing it is by a lot of people's standard it has a whole tourney it is for the old grey men who pay for my dinner, so it is for me you can say that the math thing is a sport. brain sport. fight me. there is no money bias cause people bet on sports all the time tf HOW DO YOU FUNCTION NOT KNOWING SPORTS it takes strength, skill, and coordination. bowling for sure is a sport. y'all are so extra omg why would you question cheerleading and not gymnastics? cheer is a sport, you do it in school you do it on the field in games dancing is not an american thing and it stems from dancing competitions competitive dancing/cheer is a sport catch me drop kicking andra when I catch her in NY california is like two earthquakes away from disappearing y'all aint shit EAST COAST,  BEST COAST. we have the same weather boi I really thought you were singing for a sec I was trying to find the rhythm lol metta how are you confused rn we have the same weather in the east coast... we have all the seasons? its just not the ONLY weather AS IF YOU'RE NOT my friend sends me screenies when its humid we compare. all I hear is your nose honking Andra take a break and let us adults talk she hasn't cooked me dinner in so long excuse yourself too I am 180cm hah yup asdlwjhgrt LMAO PLS FA E F A E BRO WTF WDYM ME WTF let me be short in peace ASKLDAJNFHBSGD STOP I go on ALL the rides ok I do eat for free and my shoes are cheaper than yours! suck it look who is the child now bye andra no no I bet its all hyped up asf no one but y'all talk about it so it must suck and you're not the only state that has it lol no one loves cali lmao, yes short people can drive. been doing it for long than many of you have been in high school cause they think they'll be rich and famous? or to bang those who are duh ™️ my ability to save your life has nothing to do with what I choose to do in my car. y'all can barely afford rent congrats, capitalism sucks over there the most this must've been frightening if you didn't know we're joking lol anyways andra my life is fine never :AlySighs: lmaooooo leave my smiley alone yes its prettier on me that's why I use it i hate you that's not even a joke that should ever be made tbh that's a real issue. and you don't know whoever has been a victim of such crime. It’s my dad watching Squid Game before me 😂 I watched what he had on and I like it so far I’ll give it a shot tonight Mid terms depends on your semester. And how your semester is divided cross your fingers for me cause I have to ask someone to switch for my Friday next week rip thx Don’t spam please Y’all sound all types of crazy rn I never said you weren’t either I just said it’s showing NO :( is he ok Did they find it fast who tf gets Lyme at this time of the year? My cousin just got a false positive near 4 months ago Tick borne disease that impacts whole body depending on severity :( poor papa. hopefully they got it in time and he won’t get anymore symptoms ily, lmk if you need anything babe. I loved being able to see what others liked. I enjoyed knowing which of the celebrities were hooking up because of it 😂 I also liked seeing what ny followers liked cause I hate following random accounts so they did it for me You’re not missing out What you’re not gonna do is insult Jake/Logan for making money con-ing dumb tweens Entrepreneur shit They’ve done sketchy shit on its own to hate them. But their money making skills is not it he has I enjoy listening to his podcast at times. The way he glow’ed and won’t settle for his friends to backtrack his is nice YES He also doesn’t defend his old dumb actions either. He goes, that was then, and this is now Ugh. He doing gooooood My friend: there is nothing Logan Paul can do for me to be ok with him.
Logan: defends Harry.
My friend: you know what? Not all whites people are bad. Homie is excused It used to be bigger when I was younger but its fine Instagram is the wave now that it has the stories and all the fun features Omg me the filters are dope I like sending random funny ones Throwback Thursday for the one as Caillou LOL it was great lolol Vine >>>> tik tok @ me nah, the jokes aren’t the same Vine skits are unmatched What My fb is working tho I’m confused I wouldn’t doubt some people hacked cause that’s normal but I feel like gone would make the app inaccessible You owe me a soda! I’m on episode 4 of Squid Game Sang-woo. You’re a cuck. I really like the crazy bitch btw. She’s so funny. Not sure how she manages that huge ass pill up in hoo-hah but go off queen omg she is homie wants to survive and get laid valid Should I go to the Red Sox game today? It’s really crappy out and I don’t feel like being in the rain or anything buuuuut it’s a wild card game. hmmmmm I would have to find someone to brave the rain with me unless I go badass and go on my own LOL express flight to watch the coveted Sox vs Yankees game should’ve asked me earlier in the day and I would’ve Why not? There’s so many child games out there and they won’t get old as you’ll have new people and twist. Give me more Never enough gore and violence out there. I agree though. Show is overrated but a good way to pass the time so give me 10 more seasons. Do these mofos shower? God, they’re musty asf Finished Squid Game. Nothing about the ending surprised me. Kinda hate being right about what would transpire since I’m used to the set up of these things I like the coma one, sounds interesting Reminds me of this show I’ve been meaning to watch- Manifest flight goes missing for some years, when it returns everyone on the flight think it’s been hours and when they land, everyone around them aged and moved on thinking they were all gone Lol sure thing Problem is, I only like to binge shows so I need to jam pack all that today and tomorrow 😂 Had my phone since it released so not too shabby Isn’t yours like 4 years old? Don’t think that’s bad for a device 4 models behind not sure of the exact number but sounds about right I’m gonna upgrade when I’m done being lazy I also want to treat myself to an apple watch this year Have of the glass on the back of my phone is missing 😂😂😂 Ok that’s dramatic but I def have a good chunk off No New phone and I will but not for this I also shattered the front piece where my camera is so now my camera is foggy Natural filter aye Wait hot slapping dude in Squid Game is in Train To Busan?! A bitch gotta watch Daddy Slap Me Any Day Any Time :) Is that for me? :NopeNope: I like my current status Always There’s a drought :((( kith and soup? that made my entire night omg Take me back to the first grade where I raised the best tadpole ever. I was a mom before half of you were even born. Dream big Aku, you can be whatever you want 😂 Tadpole was the cutest! I miss he. I named it Coquí which is a frog (national animal of PR) I was ahead of my time lol Big brain My dad was driving home and almost ran over a turtle and brought him home to me as a gift He was also a painted turtle I just googled cause I didn’t know that one but colors and stripes match lmao that makes me feel old just took a 2hr nap before my shift and I already it wasn’t enough I have to drive to work homie lol 7p-7a gang 3 in a row for me Wait I just realized I work Monday. SHIT 4 in a row the way you just called me out they sure did I’m off tomorrow (after work)- Thursday. Then Sunday-Monday It took my some minutes to properly say my schedule in the simplest form lol Sunday might be my recovery day but that’s ok I couldn’t find someone to take my overnight on Friday and I won’t cancel the kids plan to go to Six Flags so catch me going 24hrs without sleep! :) I’m not worried about the actual staying awake as I am of the drive back. I can survive on adrenaline but the commute back home is going to be killer I’m taking my stick shift so I have to stay away driving lol my body is gonna hate me Imagine I just don’t wake up until Tuesday for work 😭😭😭 I’m just going to try to watch it and tiredly mumble how hot he is and then pass out. Wake up to pee and take another look at him before passing out again just do me the favor and remind me to mute myself when I start to go quiet 😂 or ping kyo as an emergency to come mute my ass LMAO Drew: is Lu sleeping right now?
Me: szzzznsss no? *yawn* I was just getting comfy I can already picturing Bel randomly joining and going “hey guys, what are you watching?”
Fae: well, we’re watching Train to Busan but Lu is just seeing the inside of her eyelids ft hot dad I hope he visits me in my dream CROSS YOUR FINGERS THAT THE RED SOX WIN TONIGHT WE ARE TIED AND I DON’T WANT TO LOSE Fae’s always understanding the assignment 🎉🎊 I misread that name BAD Lmaoooo I can’t unsee it lol Cute kitty tho Thank you! Omg send it to me I have two 18+ servers and the emotes crack me up WE WON!!! Fae is amazing. Good vibes all around If that’s true; then when he responds “stop calling me old man, you look older than me” what is he actually saying? I knew she was being cute. Her facial expressions gave me life She and I would be great friends It’s her world, we’re just living in it. I watched a few press tours they’ve done post release to generate more hype and half the comments are about how she’s such a classy, formal lady when she speaks but her character is batshit crazy 💀💀💀 It’s acting jfc SHIT WAS HUGE my favorite thing is when old man finds it before they do their thing 😭 He really smoked some too Oh I know him! Didn’t know that was his name he’s hot The Punisher ❤️ LOL! I don’t watch the show but my friend has told me enough for this to land I love that aku did those emotes for rep but I literally get a flashback to the time when I fucked up in skribbl.io 😂💀 sends me every fucking time SDHSHSKSK I was genuinely so confused. God bless y’all patience Even Shonny was with it lmao @DaHomieDrew so how were my biscuits? I have no idea where or why this started and I kinda don't want to know at the same time lol but I am impressed at how committed you both are to this joke though Did you see her live? Fan: what was the inspiration behind this album?
Adele: D I V O R C E she’s a mood GIVE HER A MINUTE JFC smoke show 💨 sorry :((( Work :( Has anyone messed around with the new IOS camera changes It’s kinda scary You can take a photo of anything with words and then you can literally copy and paste those words It’s frightening like, I get it cause it has the words there but… seeing it be done. Mind blowing. To do the thing? It’s super easy lol I’ll make a video or something 😂 Or actually, if you to go my likes on twitter you’ll find a meme video Lol I just got home and I’m gonna sleep for two hours and then go to six flags Wish me luuuuuck We made it! Thank you babe ❤️ and all the haunted houses :ASbigBrain: knowledge uploaded I’ve taken screenshots of quizzes on canvas and it never said anything to me not saying to trust that but that’s my experience if it’s log, I got lucky that my teacher didn’t catch my friends and I or they just didn’t know about it themselves which if it’s being used, you have to give permission so I assume everyone is greenlit to cheat awesome oh I’ve filtered through tabs before too Jfc new windows and all professor: what did you switch to?
me: my bank lmao at six flags but I can take a break for you got 20% battery it’s cool. I was eating before this So technically I’m extending my break in the car lol season pass holder so I technically can step out. I’ll make an excuse if they ask LMAO bet vc? :CB_smart: I’m home. I survived. Thank you! It was certainly a good way to relax Morning Ray, how are you? you need to charge your stuff better yes. I said so. oh damn Replace them? Weiss omg honestly can’t judge tbh If I want to go to a World Series game, I’d drop just as much so That’s what I do too Won’t miss out on stuff just cause it’s pricey. Spend it now and take it easy later Hello :) He does. I have insomnia and 5hrs is what I get on a good day. That’s not the problem though cause my body is accustomed to it and I don’t have any *current* bad effects of it. Ray, panic isn’t an excuse to not sleep. If you physically cannot do it, you need to speak to a doctor and prob start some meds. but that’s up to their decision. def shouldn’t be too amped up to sleep Fine, not sleep an adequate amount, uninterrupted. Napping isn’t enough. Totaling sleep isn’t the same as getting the full worth uninterrupted sometimes the body just gives you signs it’s not doing well. that can also be related to diet Doctor’s can tell you more since they have your complete medical history Diet doesn’t mean like an actual diet where you eat different but what your normal nutrition looks like Also hydrate. ugh I woke up with the sniffles Damn you weather Can anyone recommend Apple Arcade games? I’ll take it! Woo I feel like getting a perfect score is so sketchy I would investigate a perfect score over an A+ but next time I’ll get you it! what is it? VN? Omg they’re cute It feeds into my wedding dash/dinner dash/delicious game ? What does it look like, I figured a diff white like eggshell vs cream or something LMAO I like it though never changing my white I’m removing the emoji too it’s just your conscious speaking now debating that’s sexy I’ll take it. I think full I did see that option! the weather is absolutely beautiful today omg I want to take a jog Have hw first but I’ll visit the park and exercise I’m losing my mind rn I went to a piercing store cause I need some stuff replaced while I was scanning the shelf, the worker comes over and asks me if I need help. I said no, but give me time to eyeball my size and he asks if he can size me I told him that the piercing isn’t anywhere he can look at rn and he went SUPER red. I felt so bad but like, I think I got this kid. I appreciate wanting to help its not the first one everyone jumps to, that’s for sure. LMAO Yup. That phrasing is the one It automatically kicks in my flirt mode WHERE :RipDead: I feel my own nail pulsing correct. short I wanted to buy a sweater and vest from my hospital so I didn’t have to wear top scrubs SHIT COST $300 Ouch indeed! but now I don’t have to spend more money in pretty scrub tops Less effort in the morning, more comfy at work Witness MC cheap pair of scrubs 😭 I can express mail my pretty ones 😂 exactly nothing screams low budget like owning it all got the makeup too can someone share with me the difference between a kindle and a nook? I want to start reading more books but I wonder if I should stick to traditional books or use these fancy ebooks seems like ebooks are cheaper but wondering if they’re pro tips for this I totally forgot kindle was linked with Amazon. I have prime so that probs gives me the most benefits Thanks! I do love the to actually hold a book but they’re so expensive. Tired of visiting multiple libraries to find the one I want Update: I’m spending another chunk of cash on memberships to read. I hate adulting. mhm. It’s why I used textbooks in nursing. Also chewing while studying helps if you chew during tests I’m not that extreme but if I see the word I’ll remember or my thought when I first read it Oh I totally remember! I’ll picture the paragraph, header and all. Or I’ll be like “ugh, it’s that damn little side section of the main paragraph I skimmed” lmao I hate when it’s the later, cause I be pissed knowing I should’ve read it and didn’t. But I totally picture the entire page :) @kyo squid game on Roblox 👀 I only know the hex one it doesn’t have MY LIFE fake news there’s this little cutie doctor on my floor named Preston boy, if he wasn’t married…. He looks 19. Preppy asf. I always catch him hiding from the attending in the back room solarium😂 I walk in to clean up for my patients and he’s just there in the dark LOL. Preston is a hot name. it was 2pm and he was over it 💀 it’s like a daily thing now Pretty sure he’s no older than 28. I haven’t formally asked he’s a little shy thing whenever I ask for a favor and I’m straight forward, he blushes or smiles and tells me “right on it” cause he doesn’t want to upset me Obviously the attending gives no fucks and tells him he needs to talk to me even if he’s scared LMAO I’m friendly enough though! I promise. He comes to me to ask who the other people are cause he recognizes me. this other dude, who was married with a baby on the way, called me by my name (trust me, this is a big deal) and told me he likes when I sit across from him during the morning meetings cause he stares straight at me when he’s thinking and I don’t get weird about it 😂 the girls are always kinda bitchy though. a handful I actually like He just appreciates my rbf lol I’m about to punch a classmate in the face. she’s just being a whiny bitch about this project we have to do and it’s beyond frustrating she pulled the “we’ll agree to disagree” card you know she’s wrong. Update: I tried to play it cool with the classmate after and respond to her messages like a good friend and she is acting different See, petty me wouldn’t have this problem. People just like to bring out the bitch in me. You said here and I know these two thought you had a hidden friend in the server lmao I got the sniffles hot water on the belly is my cramps remedy nice to know it works for indigestion too I just love warmth it’s been non-stop storming rain over here and I’m over it What time? I work 11p-7a :( Sounds super fun sure, I think I’ll still be awake around that time just ping. Apologies in advance if I’m KO I already told Fae I’m getting my internet tomorrow (finally) and it’s gonna be a good time Now that I fixed my streaming issues Hot I’m so ready 👁️👄👁️ this is funny to me because you know you’re not and you still got offended mind you, I heard it so often that I’m just like “ok and?” @Andromeda I’m gonna cry The last 8 texts to my staffing is me refusing to change my schedule LMAO Gotta clean up my act if I want to have  my requested days off self scheduling here I come its my ethics hw calling me out Uh Who got hurt Yikes What are they? you just hate yourself huh those are long ass classes with labs you’re gonna have no life how many do you have to take at once for fafsa? 2? Is it 12–15 creds? I always mixed and match for my mental health lmao humanities with a core two cores were hell KYO That chem lab to 10pm is gonna fuck you up so bad You’re gonna be in school all fucking day they’re all person class? or are some remote? :CH_bruh: asynchronous is good honestly, dropping Japanese isn’t enough. You’re gonna have to do some heavy considerations of times/dates or just say goodbye to stability remind me, are these classes to meet a requirement for your medical program? yeah, but programs have pre-reqs to get accepted. Is this what those stems are at least, the ones here do oh. wtf so, do you get an associates and BSN? Wtf is this I’m confused. okay, I’m lost. It can be me I’m tired See, for me.
Pre-reqs for acceptance to RN program: chemistry, biology, A&P, microbiology, Stats, English and computer science.
Side humanities for graduation- psychology, spanish, human and growth. Side stuff was for graduation and I could’ve done for whenever. Acceptance once’s are obviously the ones I needed to apply for the program and be accepted. I’m missing something but I can’t name it and then once I was in the program, I did all core classes and another two humanities. Spanish 2 and whatever other fun thing I did that I can’t remember You got this Kyo! I’m no stranger to school-related mental breakdowns in the car vc anytime you want my company for it slsjdbdjdjdbd My bestie got my through them. she would be at work renting out hardware and machinery to men and I would just be sobbing on the phone her: I’m scared, you’re not a crier.
me: I know I’m such a fucking pussy!!! I hate this place!!!! I’m queen at wiping my face, taking a deep breath and then acting like I wasn’t in shambles. fake it til you make it :tlarBunnyCheerButt: Cheers for kyo two different students told me that once I go to NP school I can’t work so guess who is saving all her money now :ASGrabbyHands: it hurts next year we are going weekly to biweekly I’m mad take your time better to plan and be satisfied than rushed and hate it what doors are open for PhD that you’d want? mood That’s what I always ask myself when I think of a new degree lol do I really need this or do I think it’s cool if I had the title I’m a whole ass nurse and not satisfied. I be asking myself why not just jump onto the med track 💀 I hate me. Would you like private practice? Flexible hours, more money, and dedicated patients sound like a score to be. Me* Money and length of school is what kills is there any jobs that would cover those kind career progressions? like, NP school I plan to have my job cover it. Or else I prob I would wait on it. my current BSN is being financially covered so it was a steal let this be a lesson to everyone: I’m a broke bitch who has paid less than 5k in total for her associates and bachelors because I’ve exhausted all financial support programs. At first I was embarrassed, but then I realized fuck the government. :) The cash I spent was to take a summer course to meet a deadline faster than needed and some textbooks which I bought elsewhere Hmmmm Drive safe life is complicated. talking about school exhausts me yeah, my cousin applied and flunked out of two different colleges on pre-reqs so she’s struggling now she didn’t realize how important those classes were I have classes who don’t believe in textbooks. They just provide articles and the pdf format of stuff which is cool Others make me pay 1k yeah I remember my nursing program professor told us we all have to buy professional backpacks with rolling wheels You know the ones why? I don’t need it. but she said it was a requirement and would flunk us out it wouldn’t. It’s a power move. I still have mine cause that shit was expensive I use it for traveling tho 😂 Thanks for the vacation bag professor like reversible? you know how concerned I’d be if you just unzipped a backpack and added a whole second part to it I need to Google this hold on What is it called? I need a name cause Google isn’t helping I can’t type omg LMAO Rae wait I just read what you said I’m dead imagine https://tenor.com/view/jansport-bag-backpack-gif-7949076 “This, this is my coin purse” always wore mines out on the bottom But they lasted for years Reach Day 700 and you finna be Joe from You “Did you just look at me? You’re watching me. You find me attractive…. Well; you” I love socializing couldn't be me I woke at 8am and took only a 2hrs nap. These next 15 hours gonna kill meeeee lol no, it’s 12hrs, but since daylight savings is at 2am, I’ll be working 13hrs. I just counted the extra two since I’m awake and driving I hope that extra hour kicks in quick when I come home to sleep in the morning Imma need it Quarter to midnight and things are going well so far. *knocks on wood* ITS 1AM AGAIN I survived the 13hr shift yum yum I think I’m getting sick. I haven’t stopped sneezing all day and my throat hurts :/ I got tonight and tomorrow that I need to work and then I’ll be off until Thursday (school) Thanks! I remember I told myself I was gonna go to my island for Halloween and then forgot cause I worked big sad Today is not a Gucci night Come in to a patient receiving blood that needs urgent ultrasound to asses RP bleed and is screaming d/t pain. Another got back from a cath, third is starving because she was NPO all day and has to be NPO tonight. Other one got new stat diuretics orders. Finally get things under control and now my damn RP bleed lady needs more blood and we’re down a tech so half my assignments vitals/weights are on me 🙄🙄 wee bit dramatic there eh? I gotta get these nurse notes out of the way since it’s already 1AM AND I NEED TO TRANSFUSE THIS BLOOD AND ITS LATE I am so happy to be going home I am so tired and hungry I did not take a single minute of a break lalalalala which color you want babe? oh just saw lol looks great you always match well lasmkdjnfhg like to keep it interesting I like the closed options a lot but I gotta flex the big ones I got I love big brown eyes. Call them puppy dog eyes My nephew has them and when he was a toddler they were so big and expressive oh hush up Viv Your eyes aren’t that small pwomise Lu has a headache and has to catch up on sleep my friends Goodnight! I just realized it’s almost 3am LMAO no wonder I’m struggling https://tenor.com/view/the-simpsons-homer-simpson-good-bye-bye-no-gif-5173989 there's just something about this ethics class that is making everyone bare their souls out It's really nice reading about their experiences. I love seeing the replies being supportive but still give constructive criticism. I have half of that for free Beta perks @Andromeda lemme see you :GhostLove: Pinned a message. TOOK ME INTO THE CITY it’s in the Bible you must’ve missed the passage What a pretty moon What’s inside it? Yummmm someone share the log in lmao I wanna watch nah hot girls don’t pay I’m not, I’m a ghost get some glasses What’s it called Nope. We don’t got it Nope I’ve been slacking on my tv show train even worse my sister said I should watch on my block too stop I love my people why am I so nostalgic rn I miss my home Why wasn’t this shared here I love it @faede stop and shop sells Panera’s broccoli cheddar soup 👀 My mom got me some so I can try it I hope it taste good cause its a game changer Ladies Yes Good morning love you! go off little ghostie boo it’s the random wombat between our convos lmao gives me a fae wanting a pet vibe :O We’ve been ousted it has the word puta in it So I say you’re safe :) lmao oh yeah, all the putas are full of love 😂 LMAO @faede I tried the soup and it’s good like very close to their taste. and cheap! ours looked a bit diff Oh nvm I guess it’s the same Just saw the label Oooo good food on a budget lmao why is it that I am not allowed to pick my shifts even though its officially the 12th aka when I am supposed to be unblocked big mad update: I still can’t fucking self schedule. I’m going to riot. I finally got to self schedule and let me tell you I screwed everyone up lmao My boss is gonna have to change some things around or else I’ll be working 40hrs instead of my 36 I love coming in here during my night shift and just seeing stillness no activity but me bored out of my mind @DaHomieDrew my room is pitch black with the exception of lightning flashes from this storm. You should consider living on the east coast during the fall to enjoy this 10/10 rainfall sound to sleep to I think you need to learn the difference between religion and spirituality seems like you're confusing the two its not a critique, its feedback. based off what you said, I am lending you a tip to support this path to awareness but pls go off. Snapchat now notifies you of unopened snaps sir, I’m ignoring them. don’t tell me they’re there pretty sure it was 24hrs I remember getting it yesterday and ignoring it then and then ignoring it now again nope, violin all the way although I find the sax really interesting let me just talk about the one I like. none of the brass interested me I picked mine based off what looked fun and I thought I looked good playing lol... so do that! I was gonna make a joke but imma stop myself lol wasn't funny or anything, was just gonna say how experienced I am with the frenchies lmfao oh hunny.... this aged well Someone convince me to not buy food I made rice :/ Not as satisfied I had them earlier, steamed broccoli and carrots. pork chop yummmm get subway or Panera Sometimes I think I want a pet and then I listen to you guys and decide it’s better if I don’t I would be just as anxious since I’m never home. Don’t worry about that. I just wasn’t raised with pets so I would have to take a whole class on how to raise one cause I don’t know the little things about caring for one No, I don’t want a fish. My sister has them and I take care of them I’ve technically cared for dogs, fishies, and Guinea pigs. I also played doctor and told my niece her Guinea pig was going to be a mommy that birth was so quick. they were all so cute but their lifespan isn’t the greatest WAIT You guys weren’t there for the Christmas Day fiasco 💀💀 I think I joined the server afterwards nvm I just checked anyways, this demon child hurt our baby Guinea pig it can be constipated? Just do the warm wash cloth thing until you see that it gets easier and more frequent I’m confused. How does your dad know the age? I thought you rescued this cat oh I swear you said you found it 😭 my bad omg your dad is cutie for that surprise. my dad would never lmao YOU SAID FOUND SEE I’m not tripping found usually means a stray So that goes back to the question how does he know the age without any tests at the vet? here comes fae to the rescue NO BAD DAD. I’d tell him that he didn’t waste his time bringing you a kitten for it to just collapse from illness So he gotta empty out the pockets or you can phrase it like Fae did 💀 same brain, different energy Not to be all Emo but I’m backing up my iCloud since I’m gonna get a new phone and seeing all the numbers of people who passed away is wild I feel bad deleting their numbers, especially those I was closed to so I re-saved them. iPhone, you backup to a software to transfer data seamlessly I went through it to see what doesn’t have to stay and saw the numbers of passed friends/family members who’ve died It feels wrong to delete their contact information so I just left them I’ve been internally panicking at the thought that I might need glasses cause my eyes seem to have trouble adjusting when driving at night and extra blurry/wet. I then realized that it’s super cold in the morning and I’ve aimed the warm air towards my face and it’s been drying my eyes out 😂 I told myself that too and I wanted to cry I’m scared of glasses. I don’t want to be blind lmao I don’t want to do any eye surgery/procedure and contacts seem irritating You won’t convince me otherwise About not being blind lmao I also knew a girl in high school who would fall asleep with her eye contacts in and that shit was nasty Yup, her eyes were super red and crusty and it looked like she had some bad infection every time It would happen like twice a year but it was worrisome I know it’s not bad and I’m being dramatic but I don’t want to do either of them. I will do it when I’m good and old how was this experience? like the process before and after? If I can find the right pair of glasses for my face, its over for you bitches EXCUSE ME I GAVE GOOD ADVICE the day y’all learn that I give great advice and just choose to live reckless is the day we all know peace Happy Thanksgiving for everyone who celebrates & happy long weekend for those who don’t ❤️ It officially has snowed. Light dusting over the cars here in MA Oh boy #choices-chat for general discussions or book channel for specifics please :) Np! Nice to meet you Ahmed continuing from #wholesome-pictures but if your name wasn’t written on the bathroom stall….. https://tenor.com/view/gizelle-bryant-the-real-housewives-of-potomac-oh-my-sips-tea-sip-tea-gif-18412955 that’s so sad! if a sibling did it but aren’t in school anymore, would that still be against it? Like one child per household ever or during the school year I just realized I miscounted my extension and submitted my assignment today when it was due yesterday :( someone else made the same mistake too I have an A+ in that class and the next portion of the assignment (there's three) is 20% of the grade so maybe I can save myself it's ethics which I consider really easy! I love debating and reading up on all the different concepts so I am doing well also- your brother is super fortunate to do an exchange program. I have always wanted to do it but my family depends on me too much I would've felt immense guilt. I could've easily said I'm going and everyone would've had to survive and that is where the guilt sets in. next spring I planned on going on this school trip to Italy but since covid post-poned it, I took the course so now I can't do it I am just super unlucky at times I try to remind myself lol you're right. I also say this to myself but I'm bad at listening to the smart side of me lol omg stop please kind words I love traveling, I will go anywhere I am allowed to. It's not about the place but the experience My top 3 are: Greece, Thailand, and France. only states and Puerto Rico, unfortunately. want to build a better resume Just got back from Pennsylvania and it was a nice travel. Loved the open fields and small communities nice to get away from the city life I always hear that when I say I want to do NICU lol. I have a way with kids, like they're super drawn to me so I think it works in my favor. Make them feel better why they're comforted by my presence you know yourself best. do what you can see building a long career in! in high school I traveled out of state to this camp that was designed to be a getaway for those with illnesses. every session had a different disease but it was such a blessing to be there and help the families I did it yearly for 4 years. I miss it. Kids can be so strong! you learn a thing or two when you take care of them. It is challenging though, not only for them cause they may have little understanding but you need to be super supportive of their parents. I was lucky to be told about this program though my professor! def look into things like that if you're interested hopefully one like it is near you omg don't apologize! always happy to talk I'm a nurse! we have a few people on this server in different career paths. it's so nice love hearing about what their work chaos is like cause I only know my own lol Yes Yeah! Milk has fat which helps with absorption of Vitamin D. Fat soluble vitamins Don’t worry, there’s things I Google just to remind myself if it’s true. If people think doctor’s or nurses don’t do that- they severely misinformed lol it snowed Friday for us. I left work hella pissed and decorated with snow crystals Bundle up babe angry lil frosty babe is in this year lol It’s warmer today at 37 degrees but it was 25 degrees that day and I didn’t want to be outside My cousin got $25 for a tooth he lost. The way I wanna sucker punch both his parents What’s wrong with it lol LMAO Ray No. To the left, to the left Ray, we obvs can’t stop you from reading it but you for sure shouldn’t discuss that here if those are the themes. there's many reasons to get grey hairs my cousin has this pigmentation thing where there's a patch of grey hairs at his bangs. always had it since a little kid 11:11 make a wish its another way to say the other side happier side depends what you want to achieve from that that's what I mean. you can miss them, you can write to them to express things you don't want to share with others (as long as you do end up expressing yourself to others so you can get actual help if needed) or just to keep a connection/memory. if you feel like it becomes compulsory, its unhealthy. you shouldn't only write down your thoughts but vocalize to others to get their opinions and work through it I have this thing where I can get an A+, know that I did super well on an assignment and still be hesitant to read my professor's feedback. the first word is "excellent" and alarms are going off in my head lol I'm a mess. Amazing That sounded so sarcastic but I was driving and on the phone when I said that I didn’t mean to be so dry lol. I know but you didn’t deserve it Not for this anyways 😂 Thank you for the hug btw Saw the reaction ❤️ I’m his wife, of course I was one of the first people he messaged lol we did but totally will again for you ok, just remind me every month or else I won’t it looked nice tho Note to self, screen protector and Apple Watch case + screen protector makes screen bulky. I just wanted to be safe :( If you feel like hanging out with them is like a chore instead of fun and interesting like it used to be. If you lost interest in them and don’t mind the distance between you. Would you be ok falling apart because it means one less thing to care for/handle. Do they bring more negativity than positivity to your life. I don’t come from personal experience, so I obviously can’t share how hard that decision is to make. In my eyes, if someone doesn’t care about you, for who you are, and they don’t respect every part of you, than they’re not a good friend. So why bother keeping them around? I rather be alone than entertain fake friendships for the sake of having company. Cause that’s not good company. Moving on from friendships isn’t easy, but when you leave toxic friendships like this, you’ll find that part of it not being easy is because you’ve gotten used to it. Maybe even a little dependent on it’s predictability break that chain. You’ll feel a void for a while, since you’ll lose some interaction with people you’re used to having but you’ll find that you can fill it with other people. Other hobbies. Even just alone time I hope this goes well for you and that you find real friends. Everyone deserves to live their life and be supported. You’ll find that 💕 *sad noises* 12hr overnight shift pt2 Happy birthday babe! Turn it up! this is funny to me because whenever I have a cranky patient who is retaining urine, I just get it. I would be upset too if I can’t sit and pee. Those are golden minutes Getting to the fun stuff lol Many of my patients go down for a KUB. That’s the extent of it Those who can control their bladder will have a cup or towel, something just there. Others get it drained out depends on the place I think I would put some heat on it, loosen it and see if it feels better with time. Could be many things Was gonna tell Drew to go to sleep but remembered I got a few hours on him lol Anyone got experience with GoFundMe. Primarily as the fundraiser? Project due in 12 days. Don’t want to do it. :CB_annoyed: No. #multimedia-shabang I literally got assigned a whole ass student to precept. I AM IN CHARGE OF THIS NEW-GRAD . :yWorryShocked: it's the way this notecard has content I took a state board exam on. you're fighting for an A and I fought for my license. education is wack. pre-RN license exam- math, reading comprehension, vocabulary, grammar, critical thinking, physics, A+P, biology, microbiology,  & chemistry.
RN license exam- safe and effective care environment, health promotion and maintenance, psychosocial integrity, and physiological integrity. @kyo ready for this ish? sir? have you been MIA? I literally have been licensed for a year Kyo, you won't have to do all that since this is nursing specific. all the science and medical terminology is yours though. :cat_twerk: I'm sad twerking into work next week saturday can't believe they're trusting me to precept still in shock. Yes. I have a student who I’m training 💀 they decided my new ass is a perfect candidate Yes ma’am. Passing is how I got licensed Btw you’re both very sweet. It’s nerve wrecking knowing that I’m shaping the student to be a good nurse. I’m just gonna work hard to be what I wish I had when I first started I woke up to this and let out the biggest laugh I’ve had to force myself to not write down 2022. like really bad. I’m just ready @kyo do me a favor and promise that when you’re working, you won’t be snarky and tell the nurse that you’re gonna check the IV “cause what’s the point of coming down if it doesn’t work” I wanted to punch the tech in the face. Just fucking check it and be quiet. We know it has to work. We are having a national flush shortage and yet we are making it work. I’m naturally snarky too but I draw the line at offhand comments about someone’s capabilities on completing their job. Pt was critical, couldn’t come off monitor so I traveled with them. Went all the way down there and that’s what they greet me with. All because their IV site was bruised. She saw the purple ring and thought the IV was infiltrated. bitch; that’s not what infiltration looks like but pls continue to tell me how I’m wasting your time and not my own. Purple ring bruise, you know how it’s always a red dot at puncture site but the bruise forms around it. That’s just what I call it, purple ring Google the photos cause they can be kinda hard to see (for others) Infiltrated IV it’s the different damages that occur when the meds don’t go into the vein but muscles Or just extracellular space it gets cold, pale, super big. Maybe even bloated purple if really bad and untreated Placement is really important. I’m gonna take a course at the hospital to learn how to place them in case of emergencies Yikessss yeah, some nurses are horrible about hearing you out when you say the IV sucks I try to not be that nurse. some people have really bad veins though you gotta flush many times to keep it patent and people like to forget YOU TASTE IT oh you're one of those lmfsao I am super sick whenever I get one so my taste buds are not there always get hospitalized once a year for stomach flu mhm, it's like clockwork usually in Feb so.... here's to a special valentine's day me to my job once: don't feel well, think it's that time of the year.
them: ????
me, the next day: like my hospital band? haha it was funny too cause ED was overflowing so they send me to a private peds room. their logic was, well... kids get stomach flu's all the time. KYO ok yes I was curled up in a ball so I prob looked big and then I rolled out of bed to go hurl and the nurse was like "oh" this was the same night I told you that the nurse woke me up every hour cause she thought I was dead I don't snore or move in my sleep, especially when sick, cause I pass out from exhaustion. she kept being nervous oh I swear I told someone here I asked if she wanted to place a monitor on me and she's like "no it's ok, I trust you" and proceeded to disturb me omfg, I was their pet Iipitor is for cholesterol but I can’t tell you off brand uses on any of them overuse of laxatives causes muscles to loosen but that’s bad bad nerve response I honestly can’t tell you what she wants Go with your gut Def not dantrium, soma, or flexeril. mhm I give them, sadly. that happened to my friend She miscarried at 5 weeks. just after she found out Yay. I was on the right track It depends. They fucked up by not explaining the kind Diff types work diff ways I didn’t say it cause I didn’t want to lead you wrong 😂 Rather you make your own mistakes LMAO next saturday is my weekend on so probs not, unless you do it late today lol thursday after school off friday too so sure it’s been so long since I last went to a concert I need my artist to come here so I can fix this. Hope you had a wonderful time! Concerts are magical. 100/10 recommended to everyone Doesn’t matter if you’re front row or the damn rafters. It’s such a positive, beautiful atmosphere. @azula Miss Philippines is fucking beautiful oh my lord I’m not watching but keeping tabs and she is stealing the show just standing there. Wow, a win for you guys for sure. Apparently people said they dressed my girl and did her hair ugly :( Two years in a row she didn’t make it to top 5 I saw! good for her. oh really? here I was going to say I love when new countries win lmao I didn't watch this year, so I know little about the competitors. Just saw on fb Miss P and I was like shit, she's the most gorgeous there A FUCKING WOMAN. HOLY SHIT. gimme a crumb of beauty pls 🥺 ily wooo Mine hasn’t changed What’s the difference I renewed this month and it was exactly the same My mom got an upcoming endoscopy/colonoscopy appointment at 6:30am no, it’s just a checkup cause she’s at that age I’ve never had any procedures like that Only thing I ever had done was a full on EKG test after I had a night where I had severe pain where I couldn’t move or properly breathe Pretty sure they thought it was a heart condition. Quite literally forgot all about it but sure I have a project I’m supposed to work on anyways so I’ll be up What works for you I do work the next day bright and early so preferably near 9pm if you need it to be late So like… lunch? I’m free all day. Will be home doing hw unless out buying food bad bitch Hiya Want me to get on? Sure ping when you’re on lol That panini place I always drives half an hour away to grab just opened a location down the street from me I’m in actual heaven hung out and got drunk with coworkers. did a Yankee Swap with them (first time). it was a great day WAIT KYO STFUB WE GOT THE SOFT LITTLE KITTY LAMP LMAO The one you slap and change colors 😂😂😂 & yes, we had a whole argument on the difference between white elephant vs Yankee swap 1. Stop washing your hair everyday.
2 eat healthy and hydrate.
3. Cold water is better for your hair.
4. Don’t smoke.
5. Don’t stress about it, genetics are a bitch but you can not make it worse by agonizing over it No. It strips the natural oils that’s protects the hair You’re supposed do to 1-2 a week max. Always leave in condition and do a hydrating mask weekly also, idk where you live but harsh weather conditions also affect your hair. Like winter months here for me, I can’t wash my hair and go out or by the next week, it’s brittle asf If I wash my hair everyday and go to the beach most of the week,  now it’s dry and hay-like. shampoo is what stripes the natural oils, so that’s the aggressive one. When you do wash your hair, use both cause the shampoo cleans the scalp and then the conditioner brings some softness and texture back. If you do it constantly + other environmental stuff? That’s where the problem occurs cause you’re losing more than gaining you can see what kind works best for you but that’s a trial and error thing I used to switch brands every month &  see which month I liked my hair most lol There are conditioning detangler sprays From a curly hair girl I’ve never tried a DYI but I feel like you can. It’s mostly oil or water as a base but I’ve not super sure on it. ngl, ever since I was a little girl I used the brand “no more tangles” cause it’s for little girls who cried when their hair got brushed LMFAO I use a more oil based now. It’s Cancun I think. I’ll take a photo tomorrow if someone reminds me Yes, leave in conditioners are super heavy and shouldn’t be an everyday thing. I do it once a week, usually Saturday’s cause that’s my dedicated “Me” day. So I use it to pamper myself wait why am I the opposite??? I feel line my hair goes: wavy, curly, and then curly or straight depending on damage lol Never hair curly roots in my life ok first rule, never get a 2-1 cause it’s not trustworthy. how can one bottle really do both things if they’re total opposites I’ve always said blessed people@ (*ahem* straight haired men *ahem*) can get away with that cause they’re just gifted for some damn reason like how they always have fucking long,luscious eyelashes fight me lmao you’re just over washing I feel. FIREWORK PLS I WILL KICK HIM L LOL It’s the toothpaste for me 😂😭 :o save the baby lol Don’t let them fall into the hands of a multi rinser MOOD straight men use one towel in the shower and I hate them for it. one for the body, one for the face & maybe another for the hair if you’re feeling frisky. end tweet. LMFAO AHHHHHHH FAE NOOOO & Metta go home baby, why are you wiping your ass dry and then drying your face with the same towel 💔 do you remember which went where each time?? if you do. Solid memory, come to the casino with me less showers save waters tf this is why y’all got acne onfg fae, imma give you a slide but still no. Get a washcloth tiny and easy Several people are typing and I bet only one of them got something good to say I make jokes and I sound mean but I don’t judge Let me save your hair and promote hygiene. I physically need it at this point l. Metta, go to your damn room jfc Wait Curly hair gang Wide tooth comb. Amen. give it time and be kind to it Are you due for a haircut? You’ll notice how much longer you’ll go out without another one if you continue this after one && you’re welcome. and if you do use shampoo, just focus on roots since that’s the dirty part but use small dime size since you don’t need much. Conditioner goes halfway on the hair and to the ends since they get most neglected & don’t rub either in cause it causes tangles I have a project due at midnight and it’s going bad my phone is so mean to me today, autocorrecting nothing thank you! it’s a personal ethics project and writing everything down is daunting. min 800 words with like 6 sections. Lol I’ve done worse but this one is kicking my butt I submitted my project Written essay, 8 pages. 2.5k words. I feel like I followed the rubric and still did it wrong lmao I’m gonna throw up I have a patient who does not believe in COVID or that she’s positive. She’s currently gearing up for an ICU transfer because of hypoxia secondary to COVID. :) nah, not traumatizing. I'm above thinking I can save everyone... had to give that reminded to a doctor though. he was down in the dumps... anyway, yeah. I'm used to patient's who either lack education or are just in denial. it's our job to educate and theirs to accept it. 83% she was on 5L NC beforehand. got triggered for 10L on oxymizer. nasal cannula aka the lowest oxygen delivery there's a conversion chart she was on a non-rebreather momentarily before using the oxymizer. we have a rule about no high flow use outside of the ICU because of covid, so she was maxed out on the oxymizer and was risking the ICU transfer if she did not stabilize I got her down to 8L today. it can also be your shampoo/conditioner. I use a more oily one once a week just to rejuvenate It’s really sad society has failed us to the point where we think simple, kind gestures is a person showing their romantic interest in us. we need more love and affection platonic & romantic what’s the jacket tho I’ll tell you if he meant it or not 😂 my dad has this horrible habit of not flushing after using the bathroom and I want to strangle him asparagus smells is just not in my dude. flush or fuck off M E N Yes babe. That’s today lmao Cuteee! Have a beautiful time ❤️ For food? Ham & pineapple, rice with pigeon peas, roast pork shoulder, & macaroni salad LMFAO that’s our go to & we party and get druuuuuuuuunk coquito come on girl I can’t find my nose rings lol I see the little bag it came in, it’s just chilling on my dresser but not the bag that contains them :( just noticed FB officially changed to Metta I picked up OT today since they were short and they cancelled me 10 minutes ago because of low census on my unit. It be your own people 😂 I’m in the middle of that sick journey where my stomach and head aren’t on the same page I am craving food but have no actual appetite or will to eat send help. In the 8 months I’ve been working, I haven’t called out nor showed up late to work. That being said, management is losing their minds that I called yesterday night lol lmao they’re just checking on me but yeah I got texted three times in the past two days I just wanna sleep and break my fever and they keep asking me if I got COVID tested and what not yeah, I’m neg. Didn’t expect to not be it’s part of the criteria to go back Update. My cousin just texted me and told me she’s COVID positive 💀💀💀 I’m still negative, which yay for me, but now I gotta self isolate for work. Jfc My niece tested positive as well. So far, my sister and I both tested negative. I have to wait for my hospital to call me and confirm if I need to re-test or not cause I might’ve done it too soon and it could’ve been a false reading. & this is what happens when sick people don’t stay home, folks. :) babe, I feel like crap and everyone keeps coming to me for info. I just want to sleep and not be sweaty anymore. Update: my job told me to re-test. Thank you! Yeah, germs suck. it’s me. COVID legend. It’s keeps trying my ass tho I’m literally breaking out into a sweat straightening my hair so I look pretty for my shift so I feel less like shit the feminine urge…. I swear Happy New Years to all of those on the other side! I hope it brings nothing but joy and success to all of you ❤️ & to those who aren’t there yet, get ready for the same 💖 I’m on for 3 I had 4 days off since I was sick so you really win and lose sometimes welcome to the real worlddddd Doctor’s offices are so boring but I swear I’m gonna switch to it for the 9-5, no weekends and no holidays 😅 the population of my floor went up to 95% COVID positive. 5 reg staff are COVID positive and out for the next couple of weeks. :) I always waited til it was absolutely necessary. Never got a ticket 🤷🏻‍♀️ find time between the class that you can just drop by the office so it’s not busy. But just make sure you don’t go around lunch or you’ll just waste your time colleges be trying to steal money any way they can I feel like they don’t tell you but first week is always a “I didn’t see shit” kind of week. They just letting you vibe wait Kyo, were all your classes online last semester? That’s why I’ve seen you on… damn, should’ve gotten the permit when it was free my college permit is so fucking expensive but jokes on them, my hospital is down the street so I park at the garage I need more info on the game I’m in Fae is in charge of the pets lol I think going in blind I’d be a better defender since I am better reacting  when unsure of my job. Once I pick it up, I’d be good offensively I’ll go with support. need to save all your reckless butts My professor emailed us about a month and a half ago telling us that we don’t have class this Thursday. Cool, fine. I picked up another shift because of it. Come to find out that even though I don’t have class, there’s this separate program Zoom session I’ll have to be a part of which is now clashing with 2 of my schedules. I’m gonna riot. Update: my manager switched two of my shift days so I can attend class. She’s a rockstar, she even scheduled in my class time as OT so I can receive holiday bonus & incentives. what’s a break…. my phone keeps doing this glitch where if I answer it and accidentally tap the screen again, it automatically hangs up It does it even if I don’t hit the decline button. It’s so frustrating, I’ve done it to 3 diff people It is new. I can’t tell if it’s a glitch in the software or sensitivity. In general It’s not all the time but I notice if I double tap the screen it happens @faede any snow yet? we’re getting on and off little frosties but nothing solid. You always get it first and I wanna know if I’m gonna have a chill weekend or not :( rip stock up! Same! I had icicles on my car lol all my patients have home alone playing on their tv 24/7 Mr Culkin only ugh he and Brenda ❤️ cuties I KNOW I like the crunch when you walk on it Satisfying my friend has begged me for like 2 years to watch this show and I haven’t. Am I missing out? That and Black Mirror wooo I wish I could stream it but Netflix is booty I thought it didn’t allow screen share? It does the black screen thing OH BITCH Say less Unless it can be fixed on my phone, no use. my friend and I have like 5 shows we gotta watch and have t Which one do you wanna do Black mirror or AHS Black Mirror got some cool concepts There’s one part on Netflix that’s supposed to be like a game? We make choices. Idk how it works but my friend begged me to try but alas Yes I know I can’t on my phone but I assumed it was the same on the laptop if it ain’t, that’s cool but please do he gotta gimme some of that wisdom do some for me get a new one homie just drop it and end it’s life Kyo I can give you my old one. let me find it and I’ll ship that shit 😂 Oh wait nvm. I returned it homie really forgot we had Christmas it’s either birthday or graduation now for you Me either but sometimes you gotta do it I’ll be mad if you get a better phone than me iPhone 13 Didn’t want to wait for the pro max If you wanna compromise, wait til the 14 I think it’s made it this far and if you did wait, it’ll still be the most recent model. Way ahead of your 6 models behind we don’t claim Samsung in this house I don’t think I’ve ever had a Samsung but I def had androids. They’re cool and all. Loved the hacks, hated the quality of everything else Overheating mf I replaced mine 4x for software stuff I BUTT DIALED ALL THE TIME oooo You’d be first in line Throwing hailmakers elbowing stomping Me on Black Friday Fae would be the one to do tricks on the Wii I loved the home run derby That was my shit the amount of times I played strapless and let that fucker fly outta my hands to the plasma screen :eKissmiddlefinger: LMAO bet bro check that temp again Unless you’re blue and naked from hypothermia Was it your forehead? if it’s by the mouth, I’m very concerned. Other areas are less exact but still shouldn’t be that oh bitch wtf why your hand??? LMFAO Hands are so far from your heat source, but no part of your body should be that low anyways. I would do an oral one just to confirm your actual temp but I wouldn’t be too concerned unless your fingers are blue and numb and all that shit Alas I am watching a movie How was your shift? BMI is a crappy scale. Height, weight, and genes are so complicated to just use a damn calculator of what they think my body size should be I’m super short so at 120lbs I was already overweight despite this being my body size That’s ??  Not ??? Fat ??? I was 15 in that photo. So they gave me a complex that I couldn’t ever shed yes. We still use it (unfortunately) but it’s severely flawed. that’s better does the pinch hurt? never done it but it seems like Oh 💀 You know what I’m talking about tho right that shit in super size me Phew THAT LOOKS HORRIBLE SEE WHAT I MEAN I always had a curvy body which always made me look more full. it’s not my fault I got boobs and butt 😭 but I have an hourglass figure so my actual waist is tiny. it’s so annoying the umbers is how they calculate fat in th body. But it just seems like torture to me. YES broad shoulders is a struggle my friend deals with. I always have to calm her down because she cries whenever we go dress shopping That’s a perfectly fine body size Firework. That’s why I hate BMI scales. It’s so stupid button ups are a dream ❤️ this is so unrelated but is that your bedroom?! queen shit It’s huge and I like the vibe boujee it’s just expensive to live here so I’m in a decent apartment I can’t wait to buy a house though my only problem is that I want it for a lot of years to come but I’m going to eventually have to move if I don’t get a second bedroom cause it’ll be a problem when I start my family we love pajamas lol omg next time we do movie night can we drop pj selfies it’ll be like a sleepover I’ll wear my cute ones LMAO GO OFF I feel that fae. I’m def a clothes for bed wearer or nightgowns No in between I sleep half naked. I can’t do the full nude cause I get cold easily Big shirt and boy shorts. That’s the shit I like what’s a saris oh I just googled it. I didn’t know the name, sorry. I can imagine the beauty of a full figure in one. If it wasn’t appropriation, I’d love to wear one. when is it? Close! I hope it all goes well and you have fun I figured it would be cause I’ve heard people make comments when someone uses a costume for Halloween I don’t know if it’s because there’s symbolism or just the day itself so if I went to an Indian wedding, is it expected that I wear one or is it more for the family involved? omg yay someone help me find one I can tell. They’re gorg I’ve always wanted to dress up as Jasmine from Aladdin lmao I will not. I love clothes and I love people being in tune with their culture. It’s just the best of both worlds 😂😂 I won’t stop you either Just made sure to teach me :O how short is your hair Wow what a badass I am super attached to my hair. Never had anything shorter than my bra line I want to go shoulder length but I have a super round face and think I’ll look extra fat I have bangs lol They’re growing out now but they’re there dead I want to drop kick my fucking sister. She literally doesn’t help out with my mother at all and expects me to help out more Ma’am I put in longer hours at work I drive farther out than you. Be a fucking daughter and do your part. my brother too. his bitch ass don't get a pass either struggle I’m dead serious. on sight. 5ft (60in) smol queen LMAO Pinned a message. Thank you for this diagram It made me very happy lol :drakeyes: sksjshshsjsks trust me. I know. I just witnessed the most adorable video on fb a family is watching a scary movie and one of the boys got scared but looked over at dad and saw that he wasn’t scared so he basically mimics his dads position. Someone in the comment pointed it out and said “it’s the little things that they copy” and she’s damn right. wholesome I just let out the saddest little laugh. you’re so right 😭 it’s with a C But essentially Tengo control
Estoy controlada lmfao Full of Taínos lmao it’s cute, our area is called Borinquen (Boricua) Which we still refer to nowadays Are you being funny? lmao. I swear I’ve dropped that I’m Hispanic like 30x Yeah, I live in Boston (MA) LOL Unfortunately no, I live in the states. It’s where I’m licensed I plan on changing that eventually not sure, I would have to experience all my dream countries to make that decision. if I lived somewhere with a low minimum wage, I’d be making bank rn. But MA is expensive so I live broke girl status I’m light for a Puerto Rican but too dark for an American 😂😂 Viv and I living there same problem but in reverse I SAID IT ONCE AND I WILL SAY IT AGAIN FILIPINA I’ve interacted with too many for me to not say it Pretty firework only Viv would go bra-less with a tank top and bikini bottoms what a look lol never forget when Viv challenged me to a “whose whiter contest” and went from real brave to losing in a split second 😂💀 my white is like spicy white for many I was home sick for a week and went to work and someone said I look like I got a tan Ma’am, this is post cold flush 💀 Pixie Fae ❤️ doesn’t it look so soft and luscious I just wanna play with it send us both to sleep lol everyone whose ever met me says this. It’s a way of life POPPY IS PETITE BUT SHE IS TALL PETITE supermodel tall 😅 I remember I wanted to do gymnastics and my parents said no cause I was too tall for hitting an early growth spurt these fuckers I AM THE PERFECT SIZE FOR GYMNASTICS I could’ve been the next fucking Olympian https://tenor.com/view/yes-yes-yes-gif-22948122 9. you really living my fantasy height difference with Jax Yes. I don’t want a man that’s shorter than 6ft gotta be a whole foot taller than I This is my dream (thanks Ray) Imagine tiny little me bossing around HIM 6’1 I also appreciate that she’s slim thick lmao thanks for that visual if I lost some pounds If I punch him in the gut, he’ll be eye level My friend would always say she wants a tall bf & gf She just likes height. Rae trynna find a new crush I saw a photo of lady Gaga without heels and laughed because shes so cute and tiny and then someone said she’s my height I wanted to die I LITERALLY LAUGHED CAUSE HER HEIGHT WAS FUNNY ONLY TO REALIZE THAT’S WHAT PEOPLE DO WITH ME we tell kids that if they stand, it makes them taller That’s just our adult way to sit down without asking for their seat Should I get chic fil a or mall food aka, sandwich or some kind of Asian food mm, it does sound nice I want pasta but I only eat fresh mall pasta. Don’t like when it’s chilling there my local Pizza Hut takeout service shop was closed :( my niece got fucking fouled at her basketball game and might’ve fractured her wrist. she’s currently in the ER getting evaluated 😡 We’re waiting for the X-ray but she’s in a lot of pain. I just wanna drive over and give her the pain meds she needs :( I WANT TO starting the new year with one arm ain’t it my sister was at the game and said it was a flagrant foul so homie could’ve gotten socked I had a confused patient who kept trying to jump out of bed and his room is so far from the nurses station that I would full on sprint to his room before he fell I did this so many times my Apple Watch literally congratulated me on the exercise 😂 she’s a runner, she’s a track star @faede movies tonight? girly got home from work and she won’t be sleeping in a while I’m ready when you are, just heating up food @red hot silly pepper you up? OMG Not you Rae sorry 😂 @rashon24 you up? you’re more than welcome to join ❤️ Hope I didn’t wake you or anything I deadass was gonna be like “you up babe?” but deleted the babe thank god. You would’ve been like ???!??!! NOT AT ALL she just wasn’t the first one on my mind 😅 you know what, next time I’m gonna invite Rae first. My heart will be broken when she says no but it’s to redeem myself I use sanitation wipes that you clean counters and stuff with on my phone I do it after I finish my shift and in between other stuff since you always touch something dirty if you’re at school or work, we sometimes use lab specimen bags 😂 Isn’t this like the third time? Girl, what are you eating: is there a special diet they want you to follow to minimize this risk? I didn’t realize I fell asleep with YouTube on my phone and I was just casually scrolling through my notifications to see what I missed when I heard a menacing growl lmao I was so confused somehow it switched from cartoons to puppies in a box JASON MOMOA IS SINGLE I feel so disgusting and I want to throw up. No, I’m not feeling well AGAIN. My immune system sucks, my coworkers are all sick. My patients are all sick. I can’t tell what’s weather change, regular sickness, or COVID I’m trying to get a test but no luck booking an appointment. I am on all weekend as well so I really want to test to make sure I don’t have to go cause I’m just sleeping these past 2 days. No energy to do anything else I can but I want the test for background info. If I’m positive, I have the 5 day quarantine. If I don’t, it comes out of my sick pay Appreciate it. This is gonna be my life til COVID dies back down and then when it sparks back up unfortunately Thank you, I don’t seek the good karma but surely want to be healthy and not get my own loved ones exposed. Kevin thank you I’m going to try and find some me time wait, Ahmed. The BMW 3 series was a hilarious comment cause my friend def had one. But the hot car was the 2013 Lexus ES350. You def knew some drug deals were being made when they busted that one out all red too. Couldn’t be more obvious it was niceeeeee BOY every 3 months. Min. just go to a shop and they print the little sticker that tells you it does but that’s a good baseline so you don’t accidentally fuck the fumes up they calculate from the last mileage to this one change and they estimate how often you normally drive and rack up to give you the next date/numbers they only scam when they say you need to fix stuff and that’s with yearly renewal not oil change depending on how many miles you rack up between oil changes, they calculate the est next time you need to do it again. I think everyone should know basic car maintenance. Being into cars is def a separate topic that’s more of a hobby in my eyes I know to do oil changes, refill fluids, restart battery, and change a tire. That’s all I need to live and be safe. you can ask your dad, usually a good place to start. are you a demo or written or all of the above kind of learner? I usually like to be told how to do something, then watch it, then do it. So that’s how I went about it I feel like written instructions almost never get it right so that’s why I rather hear, see, and do. but if reading is good for you look up instructional how tos online *cue heavy rain* I don’t get motion sickness on its own but when I am a passenger in the backseat I almost always feel ill. Something about not having fresh air in my face So, shotgun or driving for me. I have a lot of family members which means a lot of body heat. It’s winter here so you can’t exactly risk hypothermia. People usually hate highway sounds when the windows are down. Etc the rule is that the driver sets the tone. So if they don’t put AC on or roll down windows, you kinda go with it. I just ask them to let me do something or else I will throw up 😂 PSA: if Lu is overheated, she will throw up. The end. I actually never have but I’m super nauseous. I hate throwing up so I really be shoving it down I love Highway breeze and sounds but nearly everyone I know hates it like I said, driver controls so you gotta deal oh no, I love scenic routes. If there’s a good view, I’m chilling come to PR I live on one lmao if they’re a good driver, yeah it’s me imma get my niece to come on vc and tell you guys the time she had a blast when I drifted at an exit at 85mph she and her brother done lost their shit I was driving a Toyota Matrix! Lmao. I’m a pedal to the medal kind of gal My vibe car was an old 2004 Honda Civic men literally are such horn dogs when I got out every time my civic was decked out tho! lowered, tinted glass, led headlights I’m not a rims girl but I know that the guy to put some on was and he told me they’re hot no one ever clowned me so I agree Men: when they saw me get out ❤️😍🥵🥰
Men: when they realized it’s stick :stitchangry: :stitchangry: 🏎️ goodnight kyo it wasn’t the car lol, it’s me some men just don’t like a girl who can drive better than them Small dick energy they would ask me to race and it’s like bro, chill. I’m not into cars, but I do love a good drag race. same. it was my first car. Drove since I was 14 and took my test with it it’s a household ritual. everyone starts stick and then we choose after that I only got my automatic since I drive long distance all the time but then I lost that car so I’m back to the manual manual/standard. nah, car accident. it would cost more to fix it than to get paid for it so I let them take it, got 5k not bad for an old car yuuuuup. pain. I’m more reckless in automatics. Hence my car accident being in one 😂 although I drive even faster with stick, there’s something about the control high awareness and all got my 3rd covid test yesterday, since I still have my cold and feel even worse than before. I’m positive 🙃 thanks 💕 not as common but is one of our recessive genes yeah, my friend’s bf is a redhead too my cousin was a darker ginger but his brothers are the most tanned mfers too betty white totally not always a fun time to learn about cannibals LMFAO PRI you only get one date, no matter how many times you've submit say less I AM FUCKING CRYING RN YOU GUYS HAD NO RIGHT TO MAKE ME LAUGH THIS HARD whoever sent that is gonna regret it :) like the staff team match each other? don't think so, none of us has asked for it yet are you trying to set me up lol valentine's day finna be a blast if that's the case weak if you love me, just say it. no racism allowed alsdkfjhg kidding, that is weird. we will check it out your butt must be flat asf with all that sitting get a thigh master lies no one speaks of it take this shit to NSFW. God ain't got an ass :) BURN right at midnight too. amazing everyone should be very happy it's gonna be a splending valentine's day you will have to wait and see :CB_shh: I guess the wait is over 💀 you know for someone who threatened about pinging you do it a lot choke Lmao Don’t threaten me with a good time he already got one why would he need another? @rashon24 don’t play, those little hussies won’t treat you right :bearhugchoke: :garfieldyuh: :CB_uwuok: wanna be happy and join? Lu brings all the boys to the yard ily YES walkie talkie me lol I love it I can live without a phone and not be useless call, text, GPS, etc the new one series 7 if I could change one thing is get the smaller screen cause I went big and I feel like it looks goofy damnnnnn that space is ugly fuck off no. @kyo one of my upcoming assignments is to create a genogram with my family illnesses lmao I’m sure you’d enjoy to see that I’m literally laughing so hard but I feel so bad I can picture you just trying to be so sweet and parental and this happened 💀💔 I’m drunk and I’m super soft rn stink bugs, I love YOU RIP YOU WON’T First of all, your babies won’t be outside without you DIFFERENT phones don’t speak to you Or cry they scream your name all the time If you ever have any genuine concerns….  I AM HERE. ONE CALL AWAY. I will help you through every step Stop interrupting me, I’m drunk 💀😂 I drank a 32oz marg so fast happy no more quarantine party I am moving on to mimosas now :) she’s beautiful!!! the apostrophe sent me shdhskhshshdd I called Rae beautiful and they didn’t react but they did to Fae calling them a baddie wow YOU HOT ASS BITCH. REACT one shot of tequila down? Shall we do more? :drakeyes: My second Prosecco but I’m being smart and snacking + water so I won’t be as hungover Remind me to update in the AM for its effectiveness morningggg I’m more drunk than before but still functioning idk quiz me 4!! Ahhh!!! I guess I gotta drink more with friends & fam always can use more people :beardrinkjacuzzi: once this game ends I gotta drive home. anyone up to keep me company? IDK IF YOU KNOW WHAT I AM WATCHING BUT WHAT A GAME INDEED 😂💀 I re-read shdjskshhddj Football, Ray. Football. it’s tied looking bad for packers rn LMAO SHON you ain’t even from there Att Who is your homeboy and why are you betting against him lol I want rodgers here but Brady overall The way they risked it all and won 😭😭 LMFAO Bro 💀 imagine your special teams fucking it all up rodgers punching the air Bucs Brady is no joke final second kinda homie shshdjsjsh What he say why not Jacksonville he need an OG to teach his ass good formula Pablo down bad lmaooo rude how nobody accompanied me home Laughs in 3.1 Update: I’m chilling and been awake since 7am 💀 Hydrate friends I’ve fallen into a rabbit hole in Reddit’s AskMen forum I just want to hug so many people in there :( nursing school has courses on cultural competencies that didn’t cover this my psychology/mental health portion was taught my a proud, gay professor who was a gem and shared a lot of stories he worked at a VA & housing for LBGTQ+ adolescents. takes one person to make a change my birthday is coming up so it’s time to fucking cry it’s the quarter life crisis how can I be in a good position in life and still want to cry cause it’s not good enough mommy&daddy issues :sayapeace: I’ve also learned I just don’t have a goal aside from trying to prove something and I think it’s not even to myself but idk to who it is queen of double negatives :) Year away from my BSN and already planning for my Masters. like why? because I can :sadclown: pls someone already tried to send me a gift and didn’t realize I moved ok so I’m getting drunk Friday which is the day before my birthday and I work all weekend :( so it’ll have to be a party after promise I love penguins. But I love any plush, esp teddy bears Master Lu sounds amazing. LMAO no I don’t want presents. I don’t like people spending money on me but if you dox me, you’ll dox yourself and I won’t be held responsible if I show at your house for head pats I would genuinely burst into tears cause I need one urgently did we all wake up today and decide we want to make Lu cry? I can’t handle the affection rn my first night back was so rough, can’t wait to go home and pass out. too bad I’ll have to wake up tonight to go back again are we not gonna acknowledge that Rae stood Fae & I up.... :TDK_BlueSadUwU: :( oopsies hope you felt more rested lol it's cool I figured something came up so I didn't bother to @ nah, wasn't that serious lol. I figured if you were bored you would've joined haha anyways, the real reason I came on was because I wanted to say I'm also on my laptop since my phone is acting up & that I am finally working on my genogram and I hate every second of this. why do I gotta share my family's dirty secrets? I'll do it with no shame but why is this a thing prof: we are learning about predisposition
me: literally been a nurse for a fucking year and work on a cards unit, think I'm ok on that regard. omg a diamond no name, just pet she wants dirty secrets and I'm giving it to her wrote down all my momma's mental illnesses :) and I plan on doing a story time on the time I 5150'd her ass my prof wants 3 gen, grandparents, parents, and us. no spouses of my siblings or kids so nitty gritty I also told her I'm hispanic and medical conditions aren't something we talk about lightly. we don't share that info, my mom isn't an accurate historian, and her parents are both dead. so like ??? Kyo lmaoooo. I wish you were in my class I assume make it up? wow, my grandparents died in their 80's, wow. Lu, you know what that means :) like thanks, I knew this. can I go home now? I wanna DNA test myself but I don't want to be hurt kawJSdhfgx you can tell me I'm adopted and I'd believe you. these fuckers all got problems and I'm vibing from health history, to temperament and physical looks. I'm just the odd duck I also got emailed that I have a package on its way and I didn’t order shit. But this one isn’t scam cause it’s linked to my actual account so idk what this is about lol you can have it whenever you want but don’t buy me things. I feel bad Still wanna fucking Venmo you the Minecraft bill I will Venmo Rae and have her Venmo you. so you don’t get doxxed I’d use Viv for this but I feel like she’d forget the money is in her account and then surprise buy something 💀 money order his ass 😭 lmao thanks for making me laugh. These last two night shifts were bad and this weekend seems like it won’t be better Thanks Rae ❤️ I’m possibly being floated to a new floor on Saturday so let’s hope I make new friends or find the loml bet there’s this little sweet doctor on my floor and he’s an adorable nerd. Little to no confidence Kept asking me for my input 😂 He’d be like “does this sound better okay? What’s the highest parameter”
Me: it’s subjective. Do what you want… aka what I want is you to set this heart rate parameter up to 150 or you’ll hear from me again. not my type but not unattractive I gotta see him outside of work but I’m too strong for him. Probs make him cry yeah he’s super tall tho. We’d be tall soft boy and short Latina cliche WAIT LOL I just remembered he tried to break the ice by telling me he went to a Jewish summer camp with my coworker LMAOOOO Is that a pigtail clip or huge daisy earrings I can’t decide nah you’re really into this so sure What kind of humor is it? Sorry I haven’t watched the clip nice any actor I’d know? SHUT UP My friend is cleaning out her camera roll and I found one of my funniest comments but also a super bitchy thing I said in a group chat 🤣 Why am I like this uh kyo… I work all weekend btw. Next week I’d have more time omg sure, I gotta find it for context NO I KNOW She sent the one line cause I know exactly what I said but you wouldn’t omg this is so toxic def not gonna showcase the best part of me but I can explain if you guys have questions 😂😂😂💀 take a guess ✨ blue ✨ also who changed the gc name after the girl left which is why everyone was acting blind in the last context: she was making these shirts and wanted us to promo. I was like cool, send it to me and I’ll post wearing it and give shoutout. She told me how much it was worth which was really expensive for a self made tee and I was like “oh, I thought it would be a freebie since you want me to promo” and she lost her shit. Like full on telling me (and the other girl) why we are super inconsiderate and assholes It seemed so out of place for the question I asked so then I asked if it’s because I forgot her birthday lmao RIGHT WAS I WRONG??? you pay me for promo or give me the free shirt You can’t just do both lemme see if I can find the exact amount LITERALLY She said she worked super hard on the shirt and that she wasn’t gonna give it away for free for all the work she did and I was like that’s fine, but I get nothing out of this. It’s cool, I want to do the solid but just give me the shirt girl at that time, I was also popular on twitter in the 5sos fandom because someone started a rumor that I was a groupie which is why she wanted me to do it 💀 anyways, I can’t find the receipts of how much she said but I think it was like $26 or something like that. Not the worst but also more pricey for something I’m doing for HER I’ve made and sold volleyball tee shirts for less. Come on girl. TL:DR my friends made a joke post about how I had the drummer on Snapchat (fact) & we knew someone who ran in their circle so we would get some tea which we would spill for fun. Since we knew info and I was pretty, they assumed I slept with them. also I have some moments here I look like the guitarist gf so people confused me a few times and I was like uh…. Bro. We aren’t twins. Relax but anyways, 16yo aren’t smart LMFAO dkshdjshshsh I’m telling you, you probs wouldn’t like me in high school. ok I was a mean girl but I wouldn’t just be an ass to random people. just didn’t like people who tried me. I had friends in all the circles since I was a straight A student and did all the extracurricular we would’ve been those classmates who were like “hi/bye” type shit wouldn’t mind sitting with you, etc but my main group was obviously mean girl shit. the “bad” boys yeah, I always said I want to present myself a certain way but not be it? so, look at me wearing my whore clothes and hear me talk all that shit and be like “yeah, she’s a bitch who sleeps around” but I’m top of my class, on student council, national honor society, and did sports quirky shit Lmao stop history was never my strong suit listen, idc what they say.. high schoolers got layers I respect the shit out of them. Dumb asf even when the smartest but there’s so much more than what they say and do. I graduated top 5 of my class and I would literally do all-nighters, binge drink and go jump off a cliff at a quarry which probs had like 30 submerged cars and diseases but volunteered at a local food pantry and summer camp like who tf was I YES I would’ve been friendly with y’all and that’s the hill I will die on you wouldn’t like the people I surrounded myself with tho I’ve never disrespected a teacher either. I hated and called out anyone near me who would put them through shit I’m a bitch but that’s a line Don’t cross it. kyo, I’d prob like you a little more because of that “oh shit, look who’s here” smarty pants oh the two reactions LOL I can’t tell which one of us sounds more condescending even tho we weren’t 😭 I loved math DAMN I knew the most random formulas and what not but was bad at others. But it’s because they forced me to do a specific way and I just couldn’t Let me do it my way bitch!! does it matter how I got there if it’s right yeah, I’d do that a little too often. They’d be like “I know you’re not cheating cause you did the wrong conversion but I’m also confused why you’re struggling if you’re pulling things out of your ass” I died when he said that cause he was a casual swearer. Didn’t so often unless he was extremely confused I only know the bonds and reactions in chemistry and that was enough for nursing school GROSS Starting the day with gym sucked. Why do I want to be sweaty I loved ending with gym because it was right next to the exit my bus driver didn’t fucking care who was there or wasn’t, if it was 2:10 she was down the block already pretty sure she was on meth hand the time. Lady was nuts I used to tell myself I’d take the pacer test seriously and then do up to 10 and see the boys literally acting like it was the Olympics tryout and just chill I would fake run til the teacher noticed me it was fun. it was like 30 mins of me sitting there watching which boy thought he was god’s athletic gift my high school peers liked it. Randomly asked for it when it was a no schedule kind of class but middle school was where it was at one time my teacher asked me why I wasn’t putting in effort and I told her that we have a weight room with a plasma tv and a wii console… why tf do I gotta run now? I loved the fitness room tho damn nah, we would vote for which activity I did the elliptical and maybe some random yoga stuff it was great had my first in person class this semester and already over this shit just pointless lol that’s a weird joke for someone who got COVID for being exposed at work caring for that exact population Lmao the being in person. it’s basically a sims class but it’s nothing I don’t already know. BSN program for nursing is useless cause it’s all repeat shit. Nothing substantial only look forward to the community health portion since I love educating and caring for people. Any way I can help them care for themselves is a win no, it’s hard to explain for those who don’t do it it’s fine tuning your skills which is great, but I think it’s dumb timing and I don’t like how colleges are handling COVID idc about any of that as long as they don’t make me do their dirty work people can advocate for themselves if they want to go in or not I don’t get that choice. I shouldn’t have been allowed to go in today but they bent the rules their way to do it go catch up on some rest to recharge and tackle the next ones! You got this!! she must be so pissed reverse psychology didn't work LOL my little pixie babe it looks like he’s gonna charge me 6 flies to get in. I really hope this winter storm isn’t as bad as they’re making it seems because I work overnight this entire weekend and traveling from home and back is going to be stressful Same as Fae. Very heavy storm, the winds are blowing harshly. I don’t know how I’ll drive into work tonight but it’ll be an adventure for sure I am just always unlucky and have a storm on my birthday. And I typically always work my birthday lol Very common knowledge. which one Aw babe remind me to translate it later It’s called Two Little Caterpillars its anonymous for a reason que? OH I GOT IT I just woke up sjhdfg ok but my new friend (& coworker) is getting licensed as a Esthetician nurse and I sooooo wanna be her client. Botox and fillers? For free? score. Nunca. Of course. We can make a spa day out of it Girls night oh @kyo I did the dumb nursing assessment thing where I said “positive” cause I did it and heard it but I actually meant negative because it wasn’t abnormal 😭💀 it’s been years since I made this rookie mistake. my virtual hw. it was checking for tremitus such a loser I feel like I fit many of these one of my friends said Hera the many facets of Lu lol Hecate vibes The drag you to hell tickles me I almost matched with this guy cause his friend is hot asf 😭💀 Hello the MILF has some asses to beat but too bad they’re a lil too chicken shit :) You’re not on my list Mara lol! I’ve come to like you tbh asfgsjskhshs they all do they always do boutta send this to #nsfw-chat if this gets anymore graphic :bearsithappylaugh1: I boss everyone I interact with. It’s why they hate me or they love me. kiss in the rain Welcome to the server @beeboo! you hush 👊 we love poppy in this server complex characters FTW I always tell people that if you think the movie Mean Girls is awesome and think Regina George is iconic… don’t attack Poppy. my 2 cents. 😭 the way to break Mara’s heart lol sjdhsjshshshs same Bee is killing me rn They’re just here vibing Name your fave choices character/LI & book! Is this a thing or your thing omg spirit animal what you’re working on lol. The fanfic. I wasn’t sure @Angelaa happy birthday sweetheart ❤️🎉 Hi Thank you Hi babe lol calm down Victoria I can’t wait for winter to end to give the gym a solid go. Running outside in 5 degree weather just isn’t for me Viv should be in charge of my social media Your aesthetics are very nice You’d be surprised. Some people dress to impress I had a good look yesterday and everyone was like “Lu, not that you don’t always look good but you’re hot today” 😭 they were being kind… I can stroll in looking like a hot mess on day 4 Nah. I wear scrub pants, anything from typical ones you’d picture to joggers or tight ones for my butt Scrub tops if I’m lazy, long sleeves and vest if I’m feeling cute, or reg t shirt if it’s night shift and I want to be comfy I wear nails whenever I want. It is a risk for infection but I always have gloves and I’m mindful of not hurting skin. I wear earrings and makeup when I want to be dressed up but I usually remove earrings if I have behavioral pts and makeup free if I have precautions cause the PPE is super hot it’s someone giving my number to fake number 😭 I was supposed to buy a dress for this weekend and ended up spending $300 on makeup and curling irons 😂 oops. Guess we’ll try again tomorrow I’ve had two attractive guys check me out but not approach me. Sigh. Come on…. build some courage cause I want some love. gotta simmer down some or I’ll be forever single This asshole at the restaurant did not ID me 😫 He was really kind and awkward so maybe, MAYBE he forgot but that’s just wistful wishing rn also my friend, who is a mom & nurse, just stood me up. Last I heard she was gonna take a nap before drinks and I haven’t heard of her since 😂😂 I’m just taking L’s Story of my year This glass of Prosecco hitting tho 🥰 My next drink is sangria and then mai tai after I also am challenging myself. The next hot, shy guy who doesn’t approach me is gonna be approached BY me I’m over singlehood. I’m old fashioned and believe that men should make the first move but it’s 2022 so I gotta be proactive I think that’s Wayne Gretzky Felt. He better give me his babies Reagan, take notes. I accidentally downed my second glass and now the room is tilted. Sweeeeeeet Tomorrow is my cousin’s quince so I’ll pop off It should be but I heard that her mom is being very VIP about the guest list which is bad. Let everyone come to the shindig that’s what a party is! Oh shit that reminds me to take money out of my account so I can drink at the bar right all cash and I tip at the end :) I was at the club and this bartender gave me such attitude for not tipping after every drink ‘scuse me bitch, you missed out on 20% for that that’s your job homie serve the drunk and clock out Girly drink but the action speaks all man which one is it LMAO no judgement I’m in some honky don’t place where I didn’t dress up but it’s mixed crowd so it’s ok old couples and college students Third glass I get very upset when they don’t serve flights. I know it’s COVID but bro this sangria is LOADED. I must look rough asf lol I think he thinks my date stood me up cause he was so awkward about taking the menu’s 😭 it’s a restaurant but I’m in the dining section I would’ve chosen the lounge but figured my friend wanted to eat :((( I also drove 50 mins out for this 💀 I don’t mind the drive but Jesus girl. We had gossip I tell her all the time but she doesn’t listen. She thinks he’d be bothersome not that I care, I just want my ovaries fluttering Auntie Lu just wants to be promoted to mommy I gotta give my parents kids before they’re gone. They’re waiting on me That’s what they told me Hi ray How are you Egg nogggggg Ray why is there always something wrong with you ON A WHAT? oh I can give them my ass Why did you sleep on a thin mattress Wait you already explained why uh, try to sleep on something better so you won’t be ass crummy One drink turned to five and now a bitch is tipsyyyyyyy phew. Driving home will be fun Gonna have to chug the water in my car girls night Thank you for appreciating our taste I’ve been drunk since 8pm. It’s currently 1am I never had a fever with COVID! I only had GI symptoms! before and after I did but never during So far this is my tally!
- Prosecco
- Prosecco
- sangria
- Prosecco
- Prosecco
- Bacardi shot
- Bacardi shot Yes, it’s just bubbly We are  watching standup comedy and my vision blurry that’s what gets you! I’m giggling with the audience 😭💀💀 Oh I don’t throw up. I’ll swallow before it letting it past my mouth man, who let me drink like that last night 💀 I have to get ready for the big party tonight and idk if I’ll survive Guess who is drinking again! 5 beers deep and I was like wow. Nice. Deleted from all the channels. Just lmk if we missed one. 👀 She’s working come over here and I’ll give them something to feel I almost threw hands with the person who was passing meds to my mom today. He tried to tell me A NURSE her knee and ankle weren’t swollen. he spent 10 minutes debating with me on it. I had to hold myself back. He saw me lose my patience and open my mouth to curse him out and changed his tune Coffee from that hits diff It’s the Cassie stans coming for me on Reddit 😂 they big mad there’s a shitpost on Lexi fans! I couldn’t let them come for my girl! it does! thank you! Interesting. Not sure if I’d preferred characters we already know or new ones maybe mixed bag you know me so well if it’s anything like that app you play fae; the one with money…. idk how I’m gonna last I was gonna be sarcastic and be like “just name all the females” but you picked a solid lineup so imma sit here and eat the cute deer from WB I think you’d like them I want uwu ❤️ what’s the name 😂😭 I literally had my heart pause cause my nickname is lulu and I was like oh but then remembered you didn’t know that :dead: YOU MEAN THIS IS THE SECOND TIME I DID THIS Oh my lord my child is being cute :qblobkiss: kithes LMAO it wasn’t even that long ago 😭 Happy almost anniversary I forgot to say since you left vc so fast Im off work tomorrow and been itching to continue AHS so lmk if it works I might need a small recap from the last episode but everything else is golden I miss dilf and hot maid can’t wait for the girl to become more psycho violet It’s the Tate withdrawals omg someone created heardle I’m living it’s snippets of a song and you gotta accurately guess it thriving hahah I can tell you the song oh does it give you the answer if you don’t guess it? I’m a Kanye fan so I got it with 6s well, old Kanye. Haven’t heard new stuff LOL heartless, N in Paris, runaway, father stretch my hands, etc Too easy totally :bearthumbsup1: I need to do spring cleaning so I can buy a whole new wardrobe with tax returns I also lost my concealer… And I gotta find it I’ve never liked drawers for clothes. I hang 90% of my stuff. Bras and underwear are the exception lemme see if my cousin likes them… she’s a kpop stan rn we celebrated her 15th, and she proceeded to spend $300 on these  collectible vinyls from idk what group OMG YEAH THIS. GIRLY SPENT $300 ON THIS SHIT ALL OF THEM. WHAT DID I KNOW 😭 fuck if I know I gotta ask I just stopped by, saw the target cart and dipped lmao https://tenor.com/view/bh187-spongebob-patrick-star-rabid-cray-cray-gif-21500641 Her at the door I got a Tokio Hotel disk 😂😂 Lu was on some shit I creep and see what people listen to and judge their taste :) WAIT FAE IF WE SHARE, IT WILL MAKE A TAILORED ALBUM 💀💀💀 I did it with a friend and we found out we were 60% in common and the playlist slaps ngl Fae would listen to elevator bops sksjsjsjshs @red hot silly pepper I totally forgot but When You Die in Nate’s playlist :CB_Chef_kiss: Vessel was nice too I wanna organize my Spotify so bad but the way that shit sucks I have songs that I didn’t even like but made into playlist cause I share with my niece and she acts like it’s her account :dead: boutta delete half her shit she does, like a lot she made two for her 18th birthday party and then some other weird stuff my niece??? I don’t think she’s into them. Just my cousin but my niece likes anime songs lol lemme text. She might be post school napping rn She said Jake & Jungwon is the jungwon one rare? 😭😭 she said Jake looks so good lmfao ah, makes sense. That’s what she said Jake is attractive. How old is he? Don’t make me regret asking this :bubbles_sad: yeah, no. I can’t do younger he’s pretty but not that pretty did he win @azula I totally forgot to respond but I agree with your choice based on my small ATLA knowledge there’s a female version of Zuko out there I think I can vibe with Question- when you think of frizzy hair do you think of it as positive or negative My hair is literally the curliest of curls, but it ranges. Severely. I was always called frizzy haired by EVERYONE. Always negative. So I figured frizzy wasn’t a bad thing. I found out today it fucking means curly hair, like an array of different curls. That’s literally fucking me. In conclusion, I learned this today because my coworker told the doctor who was searching for me “she’s the one with the frizzy hair” and I laughed so hard cause ouch. I had my hair done and curled for the past 2 weeks and let my natural just breathe today but she got upset and was bewildered that I was offended because she thinks frizzy hair is beautiful. She kept promising it wasn’t a bad thing and asked me why I thought so I honestly try not to care cause my response is “if you’re not paying for my hair, guess you gotta deal” but it felt nice that a straight haired chick likes my messy hair also the unkept, messy is just a mood. Curls are wild and that’s fine. Neat curls are beautiful but they’re too…. Perfected. I like natural Yup! The combo of acne cream, condensation, & mask causes the worst acne flare up I’m gonna die I always get cystic ones :( screaming, crying, & throwing up. My childhood. You live in California and never saw a person in a fedora? Tf you ain’t never seen a student in a Fedora??? theater kids are extra in the east I guess what personality does a fedora wearer have I like a person who can rock a fedora takes style It’s such a beautiful day today. I’m thriving with this sunshine & breeze combo @faede ready to lose an hour of sleep why is it always your power jfc Homies need better wifi my brain is not working rn ong Company** It’s snowing here too. Wintry mix, high winds but we don’t ever lose power who tf is that? why is that the name for her? like I know what is being implied but of all things.. why marshmallow marshies are multi-use, Shannon is single-purpose I take my mallow serious LMAO Rashon popped in real quick to defend Metta 😭 Metta has never given me white vibes, y’all killing me I left work early and I love past me for granting me this opportunity I have this behavioral patient who is one too many loose screws in the head and he hates everyone but his cardiologist and myself. why does he like me? probs cause I don’t take shit from anyone and don’t care if he says no to anything, I’ll just accept it. man fired everyone from caring for him but me 😭 #Heardle #17

🔊🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app Wow we love pop culture fans You listen to the snippet of a song and guess it. You can add more seconds if you’re lost but the max is like 15s It’s easy and for fun. I went to work at 7am with 20% of battery and I’m leaving at 7:20pm with 6% I have no idea how it survived that long but I’m glad it did. My phone was blowing up all day I confused it for my pager a few times my battery was low because my charger is damaged and I guess the angle didn’t let the current run but I’m happy with the way it put up lol had it been my old Motorola shit would’ve been dead within 1 and burning a hole in my pocket Sunday I was gonna be off after tomorrow’s shift but they were overstaffed tomorrow and short on Friday so I split my 12hrs and now I’m doing 4hrs of OT. My two nieces and mom are celebrating their birthdays on Saturday. thank you! my friends keep asking me to do the too loud challenge lmao I know exactly what you’re talking about and we used to call it penis game This is the tik tok trend where you shake your ass lol THE WAY I KEPT CIRCLING THE DAMN COUNTRY 14 guesses tho I honestly kept thinking it was the answer but I was like.. noo… and then it was I could’ve had it in 4. Tops. 😭 My coworkers want me to be resource which means that I would be in charge of the floor. Scheduling, assigning beds, educating, etc. All that would fall on me. I appreciate the vote of confidence but I’m not there right now lmao also the night crew keep asking me to do perm nights cause they say I’m the most adapted I JUST GOT APPROVED 2 WEEKS OF VACATION I’m!!So!!Excited!! Guess who sliced her nail peeling potatoes 🙋🏻‍♀️ I was prepping for my niece’s bday party the sacrifice of a good aunt I also just recently broke my other nails at work during an emergency Lmao I was slicing, doing a good job, went through a whole bag. Was on my last potato and my sister stepped to the sink, I stepped aside and didn’t move my finger so when I threw my hand forward I caught the edge of my nail I don’t work until Monday so I have it wrapped with a bandaid, letting it dry out and then I’ll cut it thank you so much!! 🥰 hiii babes! Miss you Hope you’re having a lovely day! Hi!! How are you? been better, life is sucky rn but nothing to do but deal. Tom Holland and Zendaya are just strolling through Boston and I wanna know why I also want to run into him and see how hot he is in person cause I got an opinion truly my nail isn't dry yet and keeps lifting. I want to trim it so bad but it's too soon the split part, it's just getting caught and just resting in a place it got no business of I am happy to announce my finger is not hurting anymore and I trimmed it Now onto the healing process and regrowth My nail says thanks GOLDEN PUPPY OMG why are they being posted here? wholesome content folks!! love how kyo randomly comes in and mentions things not being in the right channel but then does this 💀 tsk tsk. I like to scroll in the channel and be happy I can’t with all the talking here I lose the puppy pics No that’s a lot steps for me and none for you :mlem: tell me more. :Wait_What: Good luck!!! You’ll be fine. You stress the most before you ace nothing like doing a whole discussion post and then realizing that no one stayed with their topic from last week. now I'm unsure if I misread the instructions or if they did, Look up your school’s handbook. I’ve had professors who require my camera to be on during meetings and to post selfies for our first week discussion. I’ve never had a problem with it, given that if we were in-person, they would see my appearance anyways. Some people like a face to a name, makes work more interactive. That being said, if it’s their rule vs the school’s rule, you can go against it if you speak to the right people. Say you’re not comfortable, etc and they may let it go since it may not be a requirement in all the classes. You may win this battle, but know you may lose the war because if you’re approved to not show your face/post yourself, the teacher may remove you from the course. FYI, the family thing is weird to me. I know people post themselves and their babies, but I’ve never posted my family pictures. Only verbally spoken on them. Not to offend you, but you’re a literal minor. A lot of these office/management talks happens behind closed doors with parents. You can be present, but your parents should be speaking on your behalf and then the school officials do all the work. Your job is to show up and do your assignments. So if she has any questions, she would be directing it to staff/parents. Don’t let her wait and direct her to them yourself. That’s within your right. Protect yourself and keep records. That’s improper of them. Make it know that if they wish to discuss organizational topics, that your parents should be the ones inquired and you won’t speak without their presence/approval My heart hurts for the family of the poor child that lost his life on a ride in Florida. The workers were negligent and they should be charged to the fullest extent of the law for this. This was so fucking stupid. Comedians shouldn’t have to censor themselves- he did his job, joke & present. Will laughing hard at the joke but then going on stage to slap him?? Like? Are you saving face cause the cam caught you or did you see Jada get upset and decided to be macho about it? All of it was so sketch. Chris handled it well. I would’ve started a brawl after seeing him come at me on stage. He also won an award right after and was talking about how “love makes you do crazy shit” ok sir. Take multiple seats with your toxic ass. It’s a shame too cause I actually liked him and his stuff. BRO DEADASS. Take that up with him if you’re salty about your wife. Chris ate that slap tho…. Held his shit. Not a wince. man said, I would’ve let you dog me if it wasn’t for choosing a room with every fucker I know. those are for younger kids cause it’s easier to press down. I use those when I trim for other people cause it gives me better control, especially if squirmy. I need to chop my hair to rejuvenate and refresh my curls. It’s super heavy and long right now both. Sucks to sucks. That’s a huge F and money lost if you leave the class at this time. how did this happen though? weren’t you given the green light for it? this joke doesn’t make sense to me? it would imply you’re being aggressive lol You’re Chris Rock. Ayo concert hoes. Anyone ever buy from SeatGeek? There’s some good deals tix for this one artist I want to see but it seems too good to be true good for you! I want to take my chances just because the price is beautiful lol Happy birthday! My boss gave birth to the cutest little baby ❤️ She just sent pictures this morning letting us know they’re doing well. I really like this work family I’ve been fortunately dropped into @azula I was working when I saw you pinged about Encanto. idk what channel it’s in but sure. I’m not free anytime soon but we can try to find a good date I worked from 7pm to 7am today and now I’m going to class. I’ll be there til 1pm :))) I rule SPL. People just don’t like it ❤️ hiii Viv the screenshot doesn’t show your response I’ve been awake for 35hrs LMAO I have hw due tonight so I’ll do it first No, I’m ok thank you. I will do my discussion and KO nursing informatics lol 🙈🙊 omg time to get on animal crossing and make April themed furniture!! egg time what’s wrong with the icon lol my Russian pt won’t stop caressing me he keeps running his hands up and down my arms and kissing my hands touched, but also want his grubby hands off. I told the patient to stop, and he would, but then push the boundaries again. He should be discharged before I go back to work so I’ll be fine. It happens more often than not. I can request to have a different patient but honestly, if I did that for everyone who made me uncomfortable, I’d be with little few people to care for lol my other pt was frustrated and took out his frustrations with another nurse who did me a simple favor… literally the shittiest guy ever. I was frustrated I had to stop myself from ripping him a new one. actual POS I have one more humanities to take and the only option that seemed even remotely interesting was History: American Music Theater. I'm going to die. I really hope I'll end up liking it cause if not, those will be a rough 2 months. Short fiction, Modern American History, & Theater History & Appreciation I was doomed for the beginning the other one you mean or the one I chose? Cause the other option sounded better to me but it was from july-august while the one I signed up for is may-july which gives me more summer time off & yeah Kyo, it’s a special humanities that I need to meet so these fell under it. I wish I could’ve taken something else to meet it ily. I don’t go back to work until the weekend so a few days off will do me well @red hot silly pepper you’re theatrical, do you think the course I chose will be ok? I went on rate my professor and he got good feedback so I hope it’s fine. The other instructors were rated as strict and with lots of written assignments* feedback was that the professor is fun but super passionate so as long as there’s effort, no one fails. my kinda dude lol. the other theater course seemed fun but it was during the middle of summer and I didn’t want to lose it Especially with my incoming vaca time Short fiction was the third option but I don’t want to write. I like debating and opinions slime it up babe! See, I don’t have this problem with nursing courses because it’s still important and relevant. Anything outside of it has to be to my liking but that makes sense cause I want to take classes I care about Terrible Two’s is a thing! It’s when they’re most loud, bratty, and tantrums galore. Honestly it will pass but this is the time where firm limit setting is taught so they can learn what you expect from them kids are smart and they know that the louder they get, the more likely they’ll get what they want because the parents will do it to shut them I love babies I just witnessed a 13yo ask “what’s tumblr” omfg working shifts without friends is not the vibe I just remember the one time I was at a rehab for my rotation, I was resting against a wall with my foot propped up against it and it was new paint 😂😂 I moved off when it was time to go to the cafe for lunch and I just heard the paint and plaster unstick off the sole of my shoe and my tiny ass shoe print embedded I was dragging my foot to get rid of the evidence and as I rounded the corner I heard the workers discussing wtf happened to the wall LMAOOOO Y CANTANDO Mando y Viv besando 😂😂 FRAT QUEJANDO well shit Homie gotta ditch the sesame homeless look I fuck with this development I appreciate he isn’t a dreamboat on a kids show my daughter and I shouldn’t both be simping 😭 sksjsjsjshs you better send me the deets so I can be your voice of reason cause IYKYK AND I KNOW YOU I don’t know how to take this is it a proposition?? I haven’t spoken to you in weeks and you drop this my guy a mess Yeah I get a bunch too I don’t respond lol I get emails hahaha Always a college recruiter I got a fat ass, I can’t be stealthy So much is happening I’m getting overstimulated gimme a sec to read all this Reading all this makes me uncomfortable cause it seems more like reasons to not breed than serve Cause you know how yt men spent their free time…. In all seriousness, I think I’d be a badass soldier. Very disrespectful to my commander but good at what I do I thought today was Good Friday so my ass wasn’t eating meat & chicken leftovers 😭 I was making an appointment and I looked at the calendar like wtf so now I’m gonna eat Buffalo chicken how that's more for fun lol. not something everyone strictly follows but its known like you can just say "oh, it's friday the 13th" and people will joke I work tomorrow so not eating anything within my restrictions is easy, which I am happy about. I barely eat when I work. it does if we want to give all the books a fair chance wtf is a cutie OH THE THE NETFLIX MOVIE ON LITTLE GIRLS WHO DANCED I remember. I saw it I know what the movie is about lol. Happy 4/20 everyone. You know what I’ll be doing today 😝 expiring kush in my car’s cup holder 😂 from last time I went out I NEED A NEW GRINDER it’s a mess Really? I’ve heard of some good candy ones my coworkers try Yikes NOT MY DAD CASUALLY TELLING ME HE GOT PULLED OVER WHEN I GOT BUDS IN THE CAR LMFAOOOOOO I didn’t get to nap during the day, so I am falling asleep at my desk it’s actual agony we are also short staffed and I want to die I went to work at 7pm and didn’t get to take a break until now: it’s 4am. RIGHT I can’t just take one cause I want to, I have to make sure my people won’t die on me. I read that as “above my fist” and I was genuinely worried that you called it your upper arm 😭 the harder you press, the more it seeps so it lasts longer. obviously not too deep cause then it’s not skin and it fades Both lol Yes. I always wanted to be in one happens when animals don’t get the medical attention they need my coworker knows a little Spanish and he is trying to get better so he asks me how to say things and then doesn’t like how I phrase it Sir?? It’s dialect?? Go ask some Spaniard if you’re so nitpicky NO But he says that I don’t know how to speak and that it’s wrong Miss me with that shit Hahahhahahahah ok Bet. No! I remember this was mentioned a while back I feel like I’d like it if it’s funny That’s why I think I’d like it, just cause it’s The Office humor which is 👍🏻 are there a lot of seasons? Tonight is my last night shift for a few days and it was a long time coming lol The acuity on my floor is all-time high and 90% of the population are tempting the grim reaper got a good crew though, so we can suffer together and eat cookies idk if it’s just an east coast company but there’s a place called insomnia cookies and they’re TOO DIE FOR It’s basically open all night (that’s why it’s named like that) it’s college town and bunch of hospitals so they make bank Warm huge and gooey why did that come out so low quality lmfaooo fuck you google oh lord, I literally haven’t had time off for myself in a while. I’m in some weird funk. Hopefully the summer will break me out of it I’m dying at that clip that Bel sent btw. People still say this to push the academic agenda (aka have people pay thousands of dollars to get a degree) when it isn’t as true today. Experience is first and foremost what people require. Ever wonder why they always ask for all these years of experience when it’s an entry level job? Because *knowing* is not as important as **doing**. If I have experience, even in something that is a smidge similar to the job I’m applying for, I can get it. Why? You need to market yourself and show them what you can bring to the table and why they would be crazy to not go with you. It’s worked amazing for me co-signed by a CC grad :) & soon to be private college grad :) :) Hi! Thank you for the well wishes ❤️ Very appreciated. Love you all. Thank you! I bought some skincare products just to help my skin out during breakouts and the worker at the door was like “good luck with them and remember you’re beautiful no matter what” I get the sentiment but caring about my skin isn’t an insecurity quite a backhanded remark Thank you sooo much 🥰 hi babes, thank you so much 🥰 ily someone stop me from getting 10 more piercings I will genuinely have 22 if I do but I’m obsessed & itching I also want tattoos but this planning ain’t it. Need to hookup with someone to design them it genuinely didn’t help me seeing Jungkook covered in shit. I was doing so good holding back my urges but this man just teasing me my hubby just wants the photos im messing around with piercing filters on Snapchat and eyebrow looks good on me 😂 @rashon24 confirm you’d still love me with one look!!! did you see it cause I’m deleting 🤷🏻‍♀️ LOL you’re right. It’s me going for the “correction slap” & Viv just doing it just cause Vanilla. Absolute cutie. Bless him Viv is a gamer girl luv Nope Yes. Most people will get VIP & use mod. Lu decided to leave hw to last minute and realizing this was a mistake why? Professor is not eloquent nor does his videos have subtitles. I’m struggling it’s a dumb minor for my major, I chose History of American Musical Theater because it worked with my schedule and the professor got good points (reviews) sorry I went to eat lol And I’m scrambling to get the work done before my night shift skshsjhsb I will dm you! it’s my hospital getting an email about monkeypox 💀 I dislike people stating an age is old. If that’s how you want to perceive them, go ahead but at least be quiet about it cause why do we need to continue perpetuating this in an already ageist society. you is not specific to you, btw. I see this behavior all the time. quarter-life crisis is a thing, those feelings are normal but it stems from people thinking youth ends once you hit 30s which is false. So many people get their shit together in the midst of adulthood and that’s ok. society programs you to think that once you’re 18, you’re an adult and have to get your shit together. Fake news. most of the people who expect you to have it figured out, aren’t even there themselves. just do you With what? the way I wouldn’t give a damn fuck if the president wanted to drive past me, if I wanna makeout with my man, imma makeout. don’t be jealous, I got kisses for you too 🥰 if only you could be around 24/7 Shoutout to the cashier at Ulta who didn’t scan my most expensive item ❤️ She’s a queen Saved me $120. She said here u go bestie The two small ones got paid for, the big one was free. chu know it Some fucking grandpa decided he wanted to park next to me and tried to get in while my door was open. I mean mugged his ass. I love walking out of my floor and passing by my pt’s rooms and they immediately go for the call light lol Bye homie. just randomly bought tickets to see Halsey tonight lol my niece graduates high school today. my little baby ❤️❤️ thank you 💕 Typical age is 17-18. If you want to know how college is going, I just took 16 pages of notes for a quiz with 10 questions. my time limit was 15 minutes and I submitted with 30 seconds to spare. nope. History of the American Musical Theater Look at us being artsy I would honestly be ok with taking chem again in place of this course lol I almost took a short stories and horror media course but they changed the date so I couldn’t do it. Course look so much fun. I miss not having minors Minor requirements before anyone freaks out 😂 Staring at my selfies til I go from pretty to ugly sigh lol it sucks being a girl. even when you know you’re pretty, you don’t *know* you are 100% Approach them Be bold You’d know lol When I renew my license, I have the same questions + specific ones to fill. It’s funny I’ve never had a problem. Feel like it’s super easy to tell if you’re just familiar with the signs Height, weight, & body proportions (for the most part) don’t tell you much. Those can easily be influenced one way or another. It’s actual features that will tell you the truth, cosmetic surgery or not. Frown lines, neck, chubby cheeks, callouses etc been MIA but I’m officially a week without soda and I’m happy with myself @FraternalGemini babe, while I admire your taste, you voted for two sprites so choose one so we can balance the votes accordingly ❤️ https://tenor.com/view/miley-cyrus-smile-sassy-wink-batting-eyelashes-gif-3581302 She’s def a stunner! PB did well. monopoly when 🙈 I’m supposed to sleep so I can do hw tomorrow before my shift I’ve been procrastinating so hard and you just temped tf out of me Fine I’m convinced. I expect nothing less PLAY fae finna beat your ass when your back I DID IT Full on hiatus for solo work. I really decided to hop on them too late 😂 this was something in the works for a while, even my newbie ass could tell but solo ventures is always fun Not confirmed, besides Jin who is the oldest. They were supposed to be told months ago but no statement was released, and the company even pressed them for an official statement and nothing. The rumor is by the end of this month. but solo is confirmed, which makes enlistment time a good time as ever Yes. You have to enlist by the age of 30. mhm You can now submit as many questions, folks. We just have to approve them in the queue in order to give you more opportunity . So, you’re not limited by the skinny you submit (before it was 5), but you are by how many are pending. I will take some time later today and go through them and then you may continue :) The way y’all have Sam for being a typical father 😂 He’s written as a traditional man in a household role, when his situation of raising twins without a mother is not. Man is doing fine Not you saying no Father’s Day for him and then admit he’s a decent dad lmao I won’t stop being risqué me because I have kids. That’s my business and what I do with daddy when they’re not around.. also my business. my mom bought her friend some pride colored cups that were cute for drinking, and she kept getting stares and goes “Lu, who do you think they’re assuming… you or me?” LMAO Clearly you, mom 😂 Aw Kyo! I hope you’re doing well and the covid symptoms don’t linger. I also demand a cute sushi video where she follows the command Children spill all the tea and I live for it. Share everything they say cause it’s hilarious It’s the infidelity stories for me Child; my mommy’s boyfriend is in jail but momma is mad cause he’s having a baby with another lady Whoever has me on insta and can view my story, you’re welcome 😇 Unreasonable coworkers are the worst ONGGGGGG This shit sent  me Guys the funniest thing a happened to me today I was helping a coworker with a patient, since they were getting more increasingly agitated and and an IM med was going to be given but they SNATCHED IT. Uncapped the syringe and threatened us with the needle 😭😭😭 The funny thing is I knew it would happen It went from me going “should I get security?” to “CODE PURPLE!!!” I want to experience Texas heat I grew up in hot climate lol. I’ll be fine On vacation babe! but I will listen to it when I’m back Kyo you’re not ugly jfc I’ve seen you, you’re a cutie Easier to keep track of when it’s select groups. Also brings hype around the event if it’s exclusive because others will stick around for their shot. Makes you feel important/cool. Many reasons for it. I’m like the princess and the pea. Couldn’t for the life of me get comfortable in bed until I realized some leftover tag was still attached to my shirt and now that I ripped it off, I’m so comfy. Sun baked skin, cool fan, and soft sheets bliss Yes. Depending on your age, you are either 17/18/19 when you graduate. Not sure if everywhere is the same but in the east coast the schools have cut off ages. Meaning if your birthday is at a certain date, you get held back. I’m the typical norm where I turned 18 couple of months before I graduated. My friend turned 18 the summer after. Summer babies thrive when it comes to this. winter baby, I literally have to do math to remember my age at a certain point of school year cause I split Some exceptions are made, two people I was friends with were 19 and in my grade class. Everyone made fun of them for being held back when we were younger but it’s just an unfortunate system Imagine trying to explain to a 12 year old you’re a whole year older in the same class because you were held back- not for being stupid but because your parents decided you aren’t developmentally ready yeah, exactly I’m Puerto Rico, 8th grade is considered a grade in high school. So my cousin was in high school, but I was in middle school. I’m a month older but he would always feel superior Kids are dumb haha No, of course not. That’s just the default thinking when kids are just spiteful and ignorant. There’s pros and cons to that decision. Just see more cons when it comes to bullying from peers. In MA, cut off for kinder is 6 years old. Other states, it’s 7 years old. Let’s say a kid who parents felt wasn’t developmentally ready for kinder until 7 years old moves from their state to MA, now their kid is enrolled in a kindergarten class where the majority of the kids are younger. Since the cut off is just the current age, they could be months shy from turning 8 which causes an even bigger gap. It’s how things like that occur. Private schools are more strict about these things but again, parents are the ones who ultimately decide. also, some places don’t offer a pre- kinder class, so that’s why parents feel like they aren’t prepared. At 4, I was in a head start class which gauged my readiness and got me used to the system Hiked a mountain in 90 degrees that actually feel like 100 LMAO Oh shit the UV index is 9. I should put on sunscreen cause a bitch is gonna burn I know how this sounds… but I promise Viv did not meet me. omg I love you That would be such chaos and I promise you that Viv would end up heartbroken. https://tenor.com/view/twitch-swiftmo-dialjess-club-mesh-spank-gif-18672943 I love you too babes! Miss you. Having the best time ❤️ My family some days, me, myself and I most days Hahahah! I love pantless kids cause re-dressing them is an entire mission! The bribery helps If you keep your damn shorts on you can have ice cream! If you take that the wrong way, that’s on you lmao. some would argue I already am one aka my nieces and nephews and cousins phew. I got a farm anymore dirty secrets they shared? RIGHT I like when they trip after waddlig around like wtf did you expect  Timmy? It’s so bad when you laugh cause it’s a green light and they keep going Then it’s like day 7 of hearing then scream balls It’s good to laugh when they fall because they will most likely not cry I love when they whip their heads to you and gauge your reaction I visited my friend at her daycare job and watched a kid get slapped across the face by another just for stealing a single grape it was a green grape probs justified ngl Imagine if it was a Dino nuggie apocalypse Proud of you I like assholes playboys but that doesn’t mean they’re right for me lol. If you’re trying to have fun, go have it but make sure it’s not at your expense. If you’re trying for something serious, then make sure both of you agree it’s to not play around but that doesn’t mean you’ll go 180mph into a relationship. take your time to learn about each other and learn what you like in your partners, that’s what dating is. I think dating involves multiple people but sometimes others don’t agree, so that’s a good convo point. Idk, the beginning of dating is kinda iffy cause some people just go straight into praise and doting, which others like but it doesn’t sit well with me. Show me that you like me and that you’re interested but don’t be in my space 24/7 or have the world revolve around me. That’s not cool. It needs to be more natural and it seems like you’re being a little nervous by asking for opinions which makes me think you’re not 100% there oh so then wtf girl. Either make it more or quit it. :) Listen, I’ve gotten close with those kinds of guys. Sometimes I break it cause I knew it was bad or I broke it cause they were on my nerves. He knows you got feelings, men like to play dumb but aren’t as dumb as they are clever. Tell him you want to exclusively date or cut down how often you see him. I feel like I’m missing a lot rn. I’ve been close with those buddies? Like to the point where we did dates and stuff, because the companionship is nice. But as long as you’re both not struggling with feelings. FWB to me doesn’t have to just be about bouncing in bed but that also doesn’t mean it works for others. I do think you’re both rebounding and just filling in the missing spot for your exes which is really bad That’s bad coping girly First one in 10 years and all you guys are going through some kind of crisis Lmao Rebounding is molding someone into what you aren’t able to get over. Companionship is just a friendship where you both relate to each other and that’s both individually and together. is he though? Tell me what’s good about him. This sounded way more cunt-y than I intended but still stands haha Everyone is great until they aren’t 🤷🏻‍♀️ This means he’s a good man, which is ok babe. It’s good that he’s a decent guy but that doesn’t mean he’s a good partner. Those two aren’t mutually exclusive I’ll give you a good example My sister’s ex. He’s the baby daddy. He is a wonderful father, dotes on the kids and buys them all the new stuff that they want. He’s lighthearted and humorous. Stable job. Everything you want in a man? He wasn’t a good partner for her. He was jealous and paranoid. Always worried about cheating. Didn’t like that she had male friends and how flirty she would be, even though it was a charm he liked before they got together. See how you can be one and not the other? There was a bed bouncing story time? Damn I missed everything. Anyways You just described a decent guy. Doing decent things. Nothing astronomical while it was nice and pleasant since you went through a breakup but basic stuff won’t be good forever. so take it easy, take a step back if you need it, have fun with others on dates and see why this one is good while the other isn’t. Shop around. have you hung out with his friends? Him with yours? those are important things Age differences aren’t easy even though they’re hot and fun and new. I’ve done my fair share older men and let me tell you…. Toxic yeah, they got experiences and stability. but then ask yourself why is this man with a young adult who is just learning about the world. So what’s wrong with you that people your age don’t want you? They know so much more than what you know, so it’s easy to manipulate. I’ve had a man be jealous I spent time in school, working, with my friends and that I didn’t spend enough time with him. Even if it was in bed. Why? Because he did all that already while I haven’t I’ll be honest. Doctors aren’t it. They’re cocky, manipulative, savior complex, etc. they’re used to talking and being heard and followed. They work long ass hours so they won’t be around as often and when they are around, they don’t have much energy to do much. Trust me. I talk about how hot and cool they are, which is true but dating someone in my career isn’t the brightest idea. Look at the videos of married doctors and see how they spend time with each other grabbing lunch for their breaks. That’s reality. All about saving and little about you Yeah super unhealthy. I told you about my first code where I burst into tears in frustration, went to the bathroom, rinsed my face off and went about the rest of my 3hrs of work like nothing happened because I needed to be there for the other 5 patients. oh we smoke and drink. A lot. Literally don’t even change our scrubs and go to bars Go to the bars in a medical city like Boston. Scrubs Everywhere The smoking is literally for stress and to give yourself breaks. Lmao. Also… a lot of medical professionals don’t believe in COVID btw. You had a bad experience with lasting effects. Just a warning. It means they died and we had to do CPR I only cried because the doctor who I kept alerting that something was wrong didn’t respond to me until I called the code which means all hands on deck to revive he sprinted up the stairs because he knew he fucked up. I should’ve reported him tbh. I can tell people enough stories as to why being a nurse is hard, tears in my eyes of the sad moments but I’ll still smile and pull on my scrubs the next day for my shift. It’s not for everyone. We’ve had incidences where the codes happen in front of a family member. We quite literally revive them right in front of their eyes. Hearing them crying in the background while you’re just trying to feel a pulse come back. it’s traumatic for many. There’s so many researches of PTSD in medical professionals, now more than ever post-COVID Honestly, not like the movies where they lunge in. That’s pretty hard to do when you’re shell-shocked and we crowd the room since it’s quite literally like 20 of us responding. We usually have someone pull them away if it isn’t too serious or if they’re about to pass out but mostly keep them there. It helps them in the long run see all of us doing our best to fight for their lives. It helps with their coping that they witnessed everything it took One of my floor techs (assistants) got urine tossed on her by a patient. My other patient was kind to me but then flung poop at the night nurse. I’ve been threatened by patients. I sometimes have prisoners restrained and with 3 guards at the bed when I care for them. People are assholes. I have to ask them to open their mouths or else they’re pocketing their pills. We had a patient who was severe heart failure have water shut off in their bedside sink because they wouldn’t stop drinking water we would stop bringing in cups but the weight kept going up so we realized it was because of that No, I can send you my email for this week that shows we need a nurse for every shift this month. A lot of medical staff left after being burnt out from COVID. Because of unfair wages and treatment. Because mandated vaccinations. It’s a selfless job and it tests your patience everyday. I have family tell me in such a bitch with no patience and it’s true, it takes so much out of me to be kind and helpful to 50 people for 12hrs in a day that when I get home, I’m easily annoyed. Once I’m absolutely done with hospitals, I’d be a school nurse or work in a doctor’s office. It’s mundane and less stress. but I like the adrenaline run and knowing so much because I see different things everyday We have monkey pox in my hospital. you lose those skills and knowledge with places outside of hospitals so it’s a win-lose Yeah, the girl was a G for the way she handled it. Guess who cut her hair it went snip snip bye bye Oh I can already tell where this is going “You’re not my doctor”
“I’m leaving AMA”
“You’re just a nurse”
“Fuck you” or “Go to hell” “I’m calling the cops!” Is my favorite. Always about being kidnapped or held against their will lol couple dogs is a no no babe it’s messy I wouldn’t say climate change is the cause for a heatwave hitting the typical places at this time of the year… This is typical stuff. Anyways, I’m at an outdoors concert and slowly getting slushed on nothing but spiked piña coladas :( you both deserve better so he wants a corgi? If he got the funds than idk why this is a problem or is he asking for what breeds are good? To be quite honest, most pets are needy cause they depend on you. If he wants a self sufficient pet, cats and fishes are the way to go. Dogs are too lovable and need companions to be left alone for long days It’s why I haven’t committed to adopting one. I wouldn’t be able to give them a proper home and love Which movie Tell me the name lol LMFAO The JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE ONE? dear lord well that’s not shocking at all I’ve watched it. It was ok, not great or anything. Love the Ashton Kutcher one more I just woke up after working 12hrs after arriving from PR and need to get my bearings together or else I would watch it with you Not without me hoe I guess I won’t be picking up tonight lmao They asked me to pick a shift tonight cause I worked last night and someone called out I’m a rotten liar and I picked up tonight to get tomorrow night off so no movies for me! @azula We have an 18+ channel for a reason babe! Trying to keep people’s purity intact Yes Not a fella, but I have. I’m so bloated omg. Feel like a cow. B I like how it’s not even comparable cause it has more variety than the other rows lol Yes Lu packing for her trip: everything short, black & tight. Chicago! neither girl lmao where did this come from lmao did I miss the joke? I would like to announce that my ass is huge. Swimming for me Total body workout I’m watching the videos from Lolla and I really fought my way past kpop girls just to get a good view for idols whose music I don’t even like 😂💀 I remember mentioning I was in Chicago on here lol! That’s why I was there :) got some vids of TXT & J-Hope for my cousin Oh I’ll share with you ❤️ it’s Lu having money cause she slaves every day at work for me 💀 I took two vacations, and one of them was approved and the other was convenience. Boss bitch I don’t get the problem, if this is the usual, just follow the rules. You aren’t used to it but you’re going to learn if you want to attend lol That’s not the norm where I’m from, but if I traveled and went to school in a place where it is, no exception will be granted for me unless medically excused. Totally agree! I watched it with my sister cause people said it was a good angst movie and I was just not interested I’ve watched better If he loves this song, bring him to be soon so I can teach him to dance to salsa ❤️ Hi! How are you? ❤️ Just getting ready to work tonight, otherwise ok! Thank you for asking babe I HAVE TEARS IN MY EYES someone told me I look shorter than 5ft and I was like no! I swear I’m not, and then they measured me I’m not 5ft 😭 I’m just under 59in I WISH. My ass stomped over to the stand trying to prove them wrong and I looked like a fool https://tenor.com/view/peace-tayo-hambles-peace-sainyo-peace-mga-kapatid-peace-lang-gif-22009840 My hypoxic patient cause the ICU resident thinks he’s ok to stay on my floor don’t confuse hypoxemia with hypoxia! if you’re checking SPO2, that’s the blood concentration so anything like a asthma attack or COPD exacerbation can cause that but once it reaches the tissues, you’ll see the big mess. you’d be surprised what people walk around with just for blatant ignorance or being uneducated. Not a course lol. I’m a nurse and Firework is interning as a doctor :) Before licensing, we need to work/study at different areas like doctor’s office or hospitals to get an idea of how it works. Which is what she was referring to There is a mass hacking going on in the kpop world. WILD @kyo how you feeling about V (BTS) and Jennie (BP) dating? lmao the leaked photos are sending me they look cute but she rubs me the wrong way, whether its actually her or her persona is to be debatd YOU DON'T KNOW??? bro its everywhere she's been hacked through her friend's I love drama. any drama and I am there @kyo In order of leaks. They went for Jimin’s friend too. He deactivated after two of the photos got out of them hanging out and my cousin is in shambles because they caught Jake (Enhypen) trying to pick up girls By asking them for some cigs Lol, they aren’t doctored. They were caught in Jeju before this mess too Do I think they’re dating? Nah. Maybe just FWB but they’re together and fans hate it. kpop tea is fun. brings me back to the 5sos days the easiest boys to get, I swear. still got Ashton on snapchat. still laugh at my dm's with his buddy Jack Barakat too 100% my friend's and I are still talked about til this day. Me for being a "groupie", and her for being the reason Luke got exposed for cheating on his psycho gf at the time a duo I tell you are you actually trying to study or Then you can say I wear you! That’s my fave perfume Black Opium!! my other go-to is Light Blue by Dolce & Gabbana Yup! All the time my patient’s compliment me at the hospital haha. “You smell delightful” giving me a big head I need to smell yours. Don’t think I’ve tried it Two of my courses opened today, both of them being requirements for my major, and holy fuck is that a lot of assignments due this week. Lmao, bye bye life. Totally random, but despite not being at my goal weight,  my side profile still rocks HELP.
My next schedule period has me as the floor manager for 4/6 of my shifts. FOR THE TWO WEEKS. why do they hate me (read: trust) so damn much??? @kyo if I moved to Cali, I would be your manager :P I get a bonus for it but it’s not worth the $3. Give me $10 at least My handwriting is pretty I’ll send you a picture of my notes without all the information I used to do half cursive, but I fixed that and now just do regular print why are my door dashers always male? Sometimes a girl just wants to grab her wine and pizza braless :( they really are but they aren’t cute :( I don’t like them leaving food on the ground lmao. If I had something outside like a shelf or patio I would I’m a good tipper. I tip to people what I wish I got tipped at work lmao I’m not allowed to accept money and trust me, it hurts my soul when someone offers me $50 for the good care I’ve given I just texted someone for the first time and forgot to say it’s me lmaoooo they literally went “wow that’s so sweet, who are you? I wanna save your number” 💀 Nah, a lot of them are like that. Don’t like their time to be wasted and enjoy knowing they’re the smartest. Lots of doctor’s are narcissists With a superior complex Some are so deluded they think they’re God Nursing professors are demon’s too. Mines lived by the phrase “this program will be hell so the tests looks easy in comparison” Like ma’am? No point was made haha Doctor’s are adults. Of course we swear they talk badly to the coworkers some times and I get in their face telling them to chill tf out What you’re not gonna do is flaunt your little degree and make MY staff feel inferior. Fuck off. LOL Yeah, I know some people in that field and they’re chill asf Don’t think doctor’s are special. They are literally just another frat bro tbh Just more brains (usually) I like them too but doesn’t mean little peepee gets a free pass. Dating a doctor sucks. Go for a legit one and you will hate it unless you’re ok sitting alone in a decent house and maybe have some stuff paid for That frat would’ve been ashes over here lol Rashon gotta start posting on snap more I want to witness the debauchery When you’re the nurse manager last night and I have to call security because your pt is physically and verbally abusive. Then your other pt goes into respiratory distress all before midnight. 💀💀 There’s a hurricane hitting Puerto Rico. Just got off the phone with my dad who is stuck there until it passes cause all flights are cancelled til the end of the month :( Thank you! Spoke to him today before it hit but obviously going to worry until it settles @kyo I’m trying to get Enhypen tix and I respect the amount of money you dropped for your girlies. I’m really trying to not do it but…. I just might go for it. LIT Do it again haha The concert is on one of the guy’s birthday so it boutta be lit I wouldn’t be mad at spending the money if it was near me but I’ll have to pay for hotel and gas and all that shit. so…. 💰 I genuinely was gonna say “it’s Hee’s birthday” thinking you’d know but I didn’t want to out myself like that 💀 WAIT DO YOU WORK TODAY?! Let’s play a fun game of “who do we think Lu biases?” On VC. Warning: I don’t bias anyone. I rather die than use that term but we can pretend we EW THEY’RE SO HOT AND TALENTED. Listen… I cry knowing I could’ve been in Jimin’s pants back in 2017 had I bothered to give them a chances No one corrected me when I thought they were all younger and fruitier. They just needed to show me their tats and bodies and I would’ve been sold LMAOOOOO I was adamant on withholding from them only for carpool karaoke to ruin me I must be updated when you get the chance no, like when you’re free. Doesn’t have to be today tbh 💋 Frat really came into the conversation about kpop just to fangirl over gg’s…. come to my side pls 🥺 omg I love it! Thanks! Welcome :) LMAOOOO YOU LEAVE LUNA ALONE she’s not mine, my sister’s + kids but I take care of the bunch all the time Yorkie black/brown is Nalla.
Yorkie grey/blonde is JoJo. Luna is a mutt I’ll take a pic of them next time Nalla is pregnant :) She’s the youngest and she got preggo right after her first period That’s up to my sister. Idk what she plans to do but my dad wants one I’m in love (With a stripper) SHE’S DANCING LIKE A truly Idk specifically the this virus But incubation (exposure to first symptoms) is 3-5 days on average but it seems more prolonged with others so even up to 8-10 but your immune system sucks so you’d be faster Hello! can I call you sneaky or do you have a preferred name? :) Wait I love Shadow. So mysterious I’m Lu! The the mom of this server and the person everyone asks medical questions 😭 Can I dress as you for Halloween? Mom as in I’m one of the oldest (probs am the oldest) and I handle all the scrapes, bruises and sniffles so everyone is basically my lil babies. The short answer, yeah lmao. asdfghjkl I am the coolest mami TOLD YOU LOL Pronation is pro basketball (dribbling) and supination is bowl of soup That’s how I remember shit lol Abduction means to take away from the body and adduction is to return (add back) I have one for all of them My man’s cheeks aren’t touching Lmfao omg the lips he said pucker up 💋 the fucking eye muscles always scare me it’s just so… there.