Hi, @azula fine thanks! What about you? Welcome  ^ Especially baby books Would be nice a book about zombies apocalypse Something like "The walking dead" ^ But my dream right now is a book 2 for "Hero" e "Most Wanted" Too bad I'd have loved a book about a civil war in Cordonia And learning more about Kayden's powers @ lilli me too Also the first choice felt kind weird ? || Even though they aren't really relatives it kinda gave off "sweet home Alabama" vibe  || Guys  stop talking about pineapples and pizza. I'm italian and I'm uncomfortable It depends where you are going. Do you like prosciutto on pizza? @oge dishonor on you, dishonor on your cow @Strife Milan is kinda off right now due the Coronavirus You should eat spaghetti with carbonara in Rome And when in Milan it the milanese cutlet As the pizza I'd reccomend the pizza with buffalo mozzarella @Strife be sure to eat tortellini with ricotta and spinach Check the wine too Red wine with the carbonara How many days will you be staying? @ lilli the hell is ranch? Thay strange white sauce? *that The one americans use for everything Switch 1 day Milan and 2 Rome Milan is the modern capital while Rome is the historic capital So it depends on what you'd like to see most @oge yep Too bad. Florence is really amazing Also of you are an assassin's creed fan You'll love it double Ezio's family theme starts playing somewhere The best may it never change My favourite is black flag Nothing cooler than a pirate being also an assassin Nope. I played some while the others I watched videos on YouTube I liked Syndicate for the Jack part Most people dislike it Jacob my pal I like when she gets invisible Wait, you guys listen to the app music? I muted choices ages ago I found it boring? As I said it was ages ago I don't remember when was the last story I had with music on Maybe since the freshman? That's why I hated it I remember when choices was just most wanted, the freshman and TCATF How long have you been playing choices? Oh, I guess it makes sense Tho TCATF and Most Wanted have both genders as protagonists Ah ok I saw parasite twice Also is very similar to Snowpiercer In fact both were made by Bong Joon-ho @azula too soon for a third rewatch for me Good to know? I wanto to learn kick boxing @azula is Adam Driver your pfp? Y'all talking about Bojack Horseman in a choices server? What is this, a crossover episode? Yep it's a reference Don't worry @ lilli good luck Due to coronavirus I don't have exams nor lessons Italy Here about 2700 We fight about water The other week people were crazy about water and pasta Here most cases are elder people I had my tonsils removed when I was 10 I've been hating hospital food since I was 10 I remember I wasn't even able to open my mouth to drink water I needed drinking straw Good night I like dragon ball too Like I used to put my hands up in the air when Goku needed human energy Also try to find common ground with him like. Play with him, talk about things he likes Hopefully he'll be nicer to you Does he like other things beside dragon ball? He's still a kid @azula J U I C E P!ATD is loveeeee Beebo is hot Guys so many memories Is there any arctic monkey's fan? @Greenberry they have better songs than "Do I Wanna Know" I mean who doesn't love Marie Kondo? @Deleted User Marie Kondo Marie Kondo is a Japanese organising consultant and author I'm 5'6 TE is literally Harry Potter I've never seen twitches TRR is every 2000 something movie about a romance between a prince and a commoner Yeah but I don't trust everything on tumblr I- I mean PB used Michael B. Jordan's face on James when The Freshman came out They were "asked" to change it Yo, James was 100% Michael's face Like they didn't change a single thing My university is closed till April 3rd @altair just from China Yep And not the last One of my friends is graduating next week By Skype @Strife so sorry Yep And my region too Emilia-Romagna It's like the apocalypse minus the zombies :( @DaHomieDrew I get you Police here can stop you to ask you where are you going We use the bidet here So toilet paper isn't than big deal Yeah yeah toilet paper aside I saw a lady stocking up MAYONNAISE Like 10 bottles of mayo Pretty sure people like to have full carts no matter with what France has some cases too Be careful Damn I read an article saying that there are two kind of Covid-19 One more aggressive than the other @MaralinaSakura where are you from? You guys it's not that great 666 I'm so sad I didn't get to finish edge of extinction Ayy where my quarantine squad at Me too. Third day of quarantine Can't get out of your house unless it really is important Can't go to another city nor small town. Police are everywhere Yeah, I'm kinda bored at home Can't even go to the park Nowhere @Deleted User I know but it gets boring @red hot silly pepper is super right Good luuuuck @DaHomieDrew I study political science Some things are super boring But the rest is amazing Me rn Welcome to the party Where are you from? Lovely! Me and some friends were going to Sofia for a few days but then Corona happened Yeah, normal for a big city Apparently I'll do my exams by webcam :considering: I do have one I'm thinking how It's going to be so awkward Sexuality covers a broad spectrum, and is also deeply personal. Its about understanding the sexual feelings and attractions we feel towards others, not who we happen to have sex with. There are different types of sexuality, and it can take time to figure out what fits right with you I copied it from the net cause I didn't know how to describe it, but that's more or less what I think @Strife that's scary not motivational I did C++ in high school too. Kinda miss it :/ We did some android application mostly involving databases @oge how many years have you got left in high school? Yay nice What are you going to study next? Or working? The easiest is tris (the x and o) game Dunno the equivalent in english You know what would be cool? creating an AI similiar to J.A.R.V.I.S. from Marvel Is Tau a movie? Sorry @kaitoo I'll add it on my list since I have so much free time Alexa is the baby version of J.A.R.V.I.S. Too bad my house isn't that modern to try cool things with Alexa Yep I just hope to live long enough to see it Hibernation is the answer sorry hibernation No, I meant human hibernation to be able to see how technology evolves in the future Nahh, my fault I didn't specify haha PB better make a book about time travelling With the whole paradox lol right ^^ Something like Donnie Darko Or Looper Inception is more about the dreams I've seen so many movies. I'll stop myself now or I'll never finish haha @oge You N E E D to see it asap If you like Leonardo DiCaprio works You'll love Inception They robed him an oscar with this movie Shutter Island too is amazing Is there a channel to discuss movies? We wha- My online classes consist in the professor uploading material and videos But I assisted my little sister in one of her lessons and it's like stepping in the zoo. Everyone screaming, people logging in and out and turning off the professor microphone So no one told you life was gonna be this way Let's not jump to conclusions You should eat something Tell your parents you don't feel ok and you are hungry Here too you can leave to get food. As long as it's just one person per family Going out to buy food is like the best thing that one can experience here Like my whole family sits around me and asks me to describe the outside  Man, I'll celebrate my birthday in quarantine I miss sushi He's very very pretty He looks like Evan Peters Mal for life I'm perusing both now Gonna enjoy the hoeing Until PB tells me to choose one I always forget about the existence of "Avatar" Yep It was the first 3D movie That's why it was popular but the story was kinda meeeh Gucci? Forgive my ignorance, master Anyway What are good apps to edit photos? Is it easy to use? Thanks! I want to edit some pics but I don't have the patience More like adding filters haha I'll download both. Thank you for your help   They accepted our prayers Viv to the period gods @kaitoo bave you ever watched barbie's movies? I- They were one of the best things from my childhood @oge you should play "the walking dead" game by Telltale Y E S Also by the same company "The Wolf Among Us" I loved it Also Bigby is very similar to Damien from PM One is a private investigator the other a sheriff Also both have a hard time expressing feelings Appearance too Bigby and Narissa tho I was sad when they shut down Telltale I know It's not the same I volunteer to go out to buy things Just to be able to drive and meet people Mine till April 3rd but they'll definitely extend it @Raven where are you from? The more tests they do the higher the cases they find. That's why in Spain in just a week there was a boom of cases It's free here The test The first weeks they did it to anyone even the persons without symptoms so they wasted a lot. Know they do them to people showing at least one symptom In some cases the symptoms start to show up after 2 weeks Exactly As long as you're healthy you shouldn't be afraid Ok toilet paper but I read articles about guns Why are americans buying more guns right now? That's something I'll never understand @Deleted User where are you from? Yeah, read about some herd immunity And was shocked of the UK Gov Like can't they see what's happening in the other states? The more controls the better the situation will be And the faster people will go back to normality Venice has never been clearer The water so clear you can see small fishes Depends. Wuhan has closed their last covid hospital, they were able to reduce the death numbers Italy has the most deaths (Also 'cause we have the highest number of elder people) They said the same things here the first weeks Here it's very hard to keep elders in house @Altair pretty sure is amazing whatever that means Exactly! Stay at home @azula be careful  You can't meet them if they stay at home I'm kinda both? I like to go outside and hang out with people but I also like staying at home minding my business Yeah, good luck I HATE YOU Why would you put strawberries on pizza? You Americans would be ok if I put pineapple in hamburgers? @Deleted User if it's just chocolate without mozzarella and sauce then it's fine Looks like everything but pizza They sold this some years ago. I was skeptic and did not buy it Ahhh You bet  Some of my friends went to NYC and said that the pizza "it's not bad" I trust 'em What time of the year is the best to visit NYC? In summer I'd rather visit San Francisco Or los Angeles California haha What does "poggers" mean? I'm dumb Is LA full of Kermit? No it's not kermit Pepe Sorry Great job y'all :lgbt_heart: Exactly Family doesn't end with blood I bring the drinks Shrek is love, shrek is life Their loss Viv you are our adult here Like you can give us "adulting 101" lessons  Teaching requires patience Like a lot of patience Or study English and teach it @ lilli mood Pretty sure I gained 3 kg But I'm not going to weight myself I liked Alicia Vikander's Lara Croft better than Angelina Jolie one Well some of them are good Like Silent Hill. Both game and movie are good Also "The Witcher" I liked the series and the games (I hope one day I'll be able to read the books) Almost every transportation of everything They need to cut things Have you played the games? They are awesome too Not all of them Nope I use the ps4 more than my computer Hey friends Yo seen some strange shit wit my friends while drinking Here it's pretty normal drinking at 15 Even tho it's illegal @azula gonna run away to get vitamin D? @zebreano how is the situation in Australia? (Did I get it right?) Here you can't even go out for a walk Just walk the dog but not more than 100m from your home @oge Please this brings bad memories cause when I was little I said "Australia is part of the EU"... I have online exams We are number one  @Raven unfortunately also the kids are exposed @ill miss you rae What do you work? I want the chocolate egg for Easter :c @ill miss you rae can't you "smart work"? I love history Especially the '900 No more Amazon for us I ordered monopoly Cause we were bored And the one we have at home has missing cards Uno best game ever Also Ludo is cool Yeah well I once had to pick 24 cards Yep AH Sorry I thought you were talking about Uno I do have monopoly too, but its missing so many cards So I ordered a new one from Amazon but now they only deliver necessary items Like food or medicine I have Cluedo somewhere @oge what is the name of the game? I'm so confused ? Yo when I order something from Ali Express I forget about it Like I'll find it in the mail months later Amazon here is fine. My friend in Milan orders food (before the Covid-19) and by evening she has it in her mailbox If you can't go the market you order it Modern problems require modern solutions Duh, I downloaded episode after years And it only got worst Like:
Your crush said hi! How do you answer:
1. Use 50  to replay 
2. FREE OPTION: faint in front of them Where is the free option? Haha Wait what?! Really haha? Fortunately I've never seen such bullshit Some stories by the fans are great Way better the ones by Episode team Quick question: anybody started with Wattpad? Like I remember the 3 big phases of my life were: Wattpad -> Episode -> Choices Police brutality shouldn't be justified Not even during Coronavirus Instead make them pay money if they go out Exactly Instead make them pay or lock them up Like for 24hr Yeah but stay outside your home or wear protection Ok Bruh Ok ok ok ok ok 2020 is a bitch But there's still time https://www.instagram.com/p/B-Hwqgvl120/?igshid=e9vphws6z5wq I'm crying I'll buy the books once the situation gets better. Thanks  Can't you send them online? Write an email to the office? Wasn't PB sold to another company? Like they work under someone, am I right? Maybe Nexon is the reason why we've been getting "strange" books Define "free shit" @oge F How many hours does the lesson last? Just do it I thought longer Cool Do you need to keep your mic open? And camera? I had one hour long lessons Sometimes 3 with the same professor Like 3 hours italian literature On a Saturday Y E S My siblings are happy In uni It's already enough if I go to lessons And I spent most the time in the halls or chatting in the backseats I really am a bad student You'll do fine Don't worry Some professors take our presence Like sign a paper In some cases we pass the paper between us, in others we need to sign it in front of the professor 50 more or less The first lessons are the more crowded. So we can be 80 or more Not even the worst. Out of curiosity I went to some lessons with my friends that study engineering and they were 150 people (cause some lessons are similar between the courses) No they don't It depends on what your professor wants And what you study Do you know what are you going to do next? I feel like I may have already asked you this question Have you got some options? Y E S Me too! He's a musical genius and I was fucking happy when "Igor" won this year Me too. I miss the outside world I did everything I'm bored Yes I downloaded almost 20 games 363 Been playing candy crush for years I like your dedication I couldn't Yeah, trust me I know European people who can't name other european countries Wait what? Poor Poland Does he know the US states at least? @Deleted User I'll send you my map Ah sorry mine has names on I'll send it later @MaralinaSakura there is a quiz about every country on earth I can name Asian countries But it's a little difficult pointing them https://www.jetpunk.com/quizzes/how-many-countries-can-you-name See you in 15 minutes Bruh after 120 countries I stopped @oge what about you? We missed almost the same countries  Mostly the small islands Rome is the capital of Italy @MaralinaSakura if you have the time to the one with all the countries in the world https://www.jetpunk.com/quizzes/how-many-countries-can-you-name NO SPOILER ABOUT COCO I still need to watch it Pleaseee What kind? So I can suggest you something Watch "Road to El Dorado" I could watch it 2828289 times It's one of my favourite. So amazing and entertaining @azula did you see "marriage story"? He deserved an oscar But Joaquin Phoenix was in the same category soooo o Korean one is the best @azula me and one of my friends literally spend hours thirsting over Adam Answer this Do you love Sebastian Stan? @azula @azula  Good afternoon guys How is the quarantine going? Bruh @oge how did the math lesson go? @Deleted User big F I couldn't live the quarantine without my phone Spoilerrrrrr I miss my Nintendo DS Like Im wondering after 10 years how are my dogs holding up in "My Nintendo dogs" @Deleted User use Nox emulator. Works fine to emulate an android phone @oge I feel bad My siblings happened They broke it a long time ago I downloaded GBA emulator to replay pokemon games @Deleted User have you tried to format your laptop? What DS and Witness Are the same I can't tell them apart I meant the cover They are the same. Mc being held in the arms of a big boi Anything good on Netflix? Or Amazon Prime Surprise me @Deleted User i don't remember but I guess it was the labrador & friends I love my siblings. I'm the oldest and there's a huge age gap between us but we go along Boing boing yeeeeeeet gratata Gratata boing yeet boing Filthy Frank evolved into Joji?! I wanna play tooo Can I play from my phone? Good Good, send me the link :c Viv me too After Alexander The Great @azula  where have you been all my life? Nope Maybe we are doppelganger Instead of being physically alike We are mentally alike Yes? To know my background Genetic ancestrytesting This quarantine messed up my lifestyle Try to sleep or you'll be a zombie the whole day Bartie gives the same energy as the "Ice Age" baby @Brohepsi the server Icon is Bartie holding a gun That's the "joke" Giving birth in a bathtub Basically It's elastic Baby was in water In your uterus The cervix is theopeningto theuterus(womb) that sits at the top of the vagina (birth canal). It opens, shortens and gets thinner and softer so your baby can pass through the birth canalduringlabor and birth @Brohepsi about the ripping your "genital area". Not in all the cases you get ripped What if it develops feelings And starts thinking What is D:BH? OK I GOT IT LATER DAMN I EVEN PLAYED IT I'M SORRY I know Acronyms aren't my forte Nah It'll be more like "I-Robot" They doing us bad (android users) Bitlife leaving us behind Y E S Flower boy is more about feelings Igor was just Tyler having too much fun in the studio Also I was expecting a collaboration between him and Kali Uchis @azula what about cherry bomb tho? @azula same! I still like to listen to cherry bomb. Way too underrated @azula 1. Arctic Monkeys, 2
Blur, 3. Tyler The Creator, 4.Gorillaz and 5. Radiohead. You? What about "Arctic Monkeys"? LIZZO Marry me @azula I WAS WRITING IT TOO ME TOO Whenever I'm down I just listen to Juice @azula do you like Harry Styles? Wait for it https://youtu.be/uPS1qFK6PAM @azula girl i know about Rupaul's Drag Race but I just watch some clips on YouTube @azula I liked the one with the orange hair. Did they win? Sooo? The 2nd one was meh I want to hid roses in my hair too NO ME TOO Night Priy I wish it was socially acceptable to go out with tons of makeup on And HUGE heels More like please I want to be you Also Nikita Dragun is really pretty But her personality isn't much @azula I saw this oneeeeee Define show As in reality TV ect or serious things too 1. How to get away with murder
2. New Girl 
3. The Man In The High Castle
4. Attack on Titan
5. Peaky Blinders @azula what about you? I read the manga too @azula I'll seriously marry you! I love Bojack NO I'm behind I'll end it soon with all this free time I want to tattoo Mr. Peanutbutter on my arm I frickin love him! He's so underrated I love Bojack, but Mr. Peanutbutter AND princess Caroline have a special place ik my heart @azula Please do and send me the photo @DaHomieDrew number 3  Now I want to replay "Life is Strange" I still need to play the 2 I played the first one BTS I watched half on YouTube @azula YOU DIDN'T TELL ME YOU LOVE P!ATD @oge 0 have you played "Captain Spirit"? @azula one of my friends gifted me a P!ATD shirt Me too @azula slytherin But I'm nice, I swear @azula everywhere I take the test it's always the same: Slytherin They are overrated @azula honestly I don't know @azula chaotic neutral @azula ily @azula have you watched "The Boys"? @azula Trust me it's soooooo good No, Amazon Prime Video Do the free month on Amazon Prime and watch it THIS VIDEO IS MY RELIGION @azula have u seen his vines (RIP)? The cooking show? https://youtu.be/Ptdflx9bZjY AND THIS ONE https://youtu.be/RwyKQ_j7Vew I'll stop It's my birthday bitch We know it's yo birthday I played the first Outlast fine But the second one scares the living shit out of me And I only played the Demo I wanna learn to speak Portuguese It's damn hard Even tho it comes from Latin @DaHomieDrew where are you from? I'd like to live in California In movies it looks amazing Road to el Dorado is god tier Like one of the best things to ever be made GUys Frank and Joji are the same person I'm shocked Pink suit guys Frank is the same Joji depressed The guy that wears the pink suit You've seen the memes He ate pewdiepie ass hair LIKE I can't believe They are the same person @Deleted User YES Still hurts Yes Absolutely Way worst Also @Deleted User could you hide it since it's a spoiler? Thanks, maybe someone still hasn't read the chapters Thank god Chris Evans exist Normal Chris Evans can step on my face I'd thank him Chris Evans can punch me in the face and I'd give him money Why make it in the first place? In Infinity War is like they were never a thing Chris Evans > Chris Pine > Chris Hemsworth The holy trinity Bitch wanna test my thirsty ass? Y E S 1. Bucky 
2. Tony
3. Loki
4. Steve
5. Thor
6. Andrew Garfield's Spiderman
7. Eric Killmonger 
8. Scott Those are the ones I remember right now Andrew's spiderman was the best spiderman Fight me Not too big Like not The Rock big They scare me I don't like bald men MBJ IS AWESOME WHEN THEY USED HIM IN THE FRESHMAN SERIES I WAS DAAAMN Excuse you but Naomi Campbell Is the best Like I fear yet I love her so fucking much She looks like Michelle Phan I don't know if I'm right But the one from PtR wasn't kinda ABG? I just ended "Violet Evergarden" and I died a little on the inside Can u speak in cm? :c I'm 168 cm Why Americans have to make everything hard Smol viv How tall is a hobbit? Right now even a hamburger from McDonald would be nice We don't have wendy's here I like Rapunzel's man Too soon We haven't seen much Ah yes, stress @zebreano me too I'm always stressed I scream in my car like some crazy lady It's relaxing I definitely feel better afterwards Yeah I used to hold all the stress But one day a friend told me "Hey I like to scream when I drive" I tried it. It works Megan Fox >>> Good morning I had the strangest exam We were 40 people on Microsoft Teams And we all had to show our ID one by one, it took an hour just to do so The exam lasted barely 20 minutes I know First time I woke up at 6.30 since quarantine It was awkward Nice handwriting No no haha I actually love using make up. Also helped me gain confidence during my teen years I could hide the acne scars and similar things Yeah it takes time to get used. Take baby steps, like just eyes and lips no need full face Ask away Well, Turkey is half in Europe and half in Asia But they are middle eastern I don't know how to answer you, sorry. As I said turkish people are middle eastern I guess all of them? @oge Turkey is middle east Nope, it is considered haha What do you mean politically? Well yes and no When referring to "Middle east" nowadays as you said we think about other countries such as Iran, Iraq or Syria Yeah but it's more how the media portrays it, generalizing "Middle east" instead of saying which countries are violating human rights or things like that Yeah I think it's better to keep it out of the server It's a delicate question @oge one last example: like when portraying asian people: it's usually Chinese, Japanese and South Korean people but Asia is more than just those 3 countries I think also schools are a bit at fault. In high school we didn't do much Asian history, just study the big events that changed/influenced somehow the European history Here too As I said schools are at fault too But then again there are just limited hours of history classes so it's not really easy to study everything that happened in the world Me tooo Roman empire, duh! Not the holy Roman empire one Exactly Exactly Cries in separate Italy. I hated studying HRE it was freaking messy I wouldn't think so Maybe history would have turned worst Also it's UK fault if USA decided to be independent from the UK Middle age was one of the darkest time in history Everyone wants a piece of Jerusalem You know, just a sneeze would do the magic American help just if they benefit from it It was an excuse to try those new bombs One thing I've always wondered is if JFK was never assassinated would America be any different? If Mussolini wasn't Hitler's ally, Italy history would've been much different "Only" Boy relax It's not like I was planning to shoot you with some pasta bullets Not cooked pasta Btw I hardly get mad over internet "discussion", so don't worry I think they introduced him in the wrong way Cause he was just a running with Steve Rogers he then ends up being || the new Captain America || We all know that || Bucky deserved the role || Dunno, maybe someone still hasn't seen the movie Also the finale where Steve goes back in time is totally incoherent because it goes against his beliefs Also wouldn't that create a paradox? Did you see Ezra Miller? Also Amber Heard should lose her job as Mera She "destroyed" Johnny Depp's career Andrew Garfield >>>>>> I liked Andrew Garfield's spiderman and a lot of people did too when the movie came out. The only ones who were complaining were the ones who miss Sam Raimi's movies Toby Macguire Spiderman was successful because it was something new, nothing more Nostalgic people say so. If you compare it too the new movies is barely good. Now, I'm not talking about the technology or anything It's like the Fantastic Four The 2005 was nice The 2015 remake was unnecessary Btw my opinions are based on the movies, the only comics I read are the ones about spiderman, deadpool and Captain Marvel Used to read Nope John wanted to be Captain America Chace Crawford as the human torch The Invisible woman and the human torch are siblings We should find to that are similar They white washed Jessica Alba In the first 2005 movie One of them was adopted, I guess Y E S He looks soooooo much like Sebastian Stan Nothing is as explicit as "Euphoria" It's really really cool but very explicit Nope About the contents Euphoria had the whole thing: penis, boobs, sex, drugs and overdoses Yeah but knowing the character Knowing Deadpool I wasn't surprised Here it's pretty normal I was maybe 14/15 I don't smoke, I wanted to try Yeah my dad you used to smoke a lot too. He quit and now is a all about fitness He fears cause a lot of people after quitting smoking gain a lot of weight Meh, guys here it's pretty normal drinking and smoking Italy In high school the bathrooms always smelled of weed Or cigarettes Always Both males and females bathrooms And the emergency stairs We had the "squat toilet" So you couldn't really see how many people where in there We had people sing in the hallways So, didn't work We once hid from a professor Like no one was in class, not even the "innocent" one Back of class crew/ class bunkers I sketched some walls on high school My sister told me they are still there I loved high school so fucking much One of my friends is dating a professor that used to go to our high school They closed the churches here And aren't planning to open them One politician said: "Science alone isn't enough, we should open the churches and ask God's help"... Y'all are ok?? Who is the oldest? We are young adult Class '98 Where my '90s squad at? Zoomer perhaps? Is this a ghost chat? Can't see a single name Why are you like this? Might one say that You've been blinded by the lights It's so hot today 20 Celsius Not where I live Humidity and all I have a question to my American friends *USA Is that true that teachers cannot touch students in any way? Like not even hugs? I was watching an episode on TV and the student  ask if they can hug the teacher but they tell them that "legally" a teacher can't hug students It felt strange, cause here it's pretty normal ... Do not break spaghetti Break the spaghetti I break your leghetti It's official. Quarantine 'till 3rd may D A M N I'm talking about Italy @oge what about you? Exactly No travelling from or to Italy You mean at the beginning? Oh USA has had a boom of cases Here they are going to double the controls during Easter Yeah Thankfully here they decided to keep the churches closed Would have been a disaster Also it's hard to stay at home when there's a nice day outside I went to buy groceries Cause it's getting boring Someone has to go out to buy groceries I volunteer I'm dying 25 celsius It's hot Where I live we have a high percentage of humidity So 25 celsius we feel them a lot Exactly It's temporary, cause after everything they'll double the work and it's gonna have a heavy impact on the environment Unfortunately it's economy > environment @DaHomieDrew last time I went outside before the lockdown the sky was purple  Sunset To y'all Not us California Our sunset aren't always purple haha O Hi, welcome! Like in ES if MC and Sean aren't together he goes back with Michelle? @kaitoo LMAO tik tok is just Vine with music lol what does "schedule" mean in quarantine?! I had lunch at 6 p.m. one of these days To tell you how my fucked up my day is Eating has become a personality trait to me Give the LIs more flavour Let 'em marinate Girl what does busted mean? @ lilli america explain All Edwards have amazing eyebrows Exactly Latino Edward best Edward It's ok to be wrong :reverse: Red pill 'cause it tastes like strawberries Friends. Special friends It lives in the Woods Has he played "The Crown and The Flame"? I'm so mad I didn't get to wear my leather jacket this year  It's not the same  During winter we wear coats Duh I feel my bones shaking whenever I go to the balcony with just a sweater during a winter I'm a boomer How the fuck do I send a gif? Phone Nope Maybe I need to update the app Found it Not only I'm a boomer but I'm also a blind bitch Right in the keyboard Thank you btw They cost 0.10 on the vending machine in my uni Lunge Did you buy the diamond scene? || I won even tho I pressed leap but I bought the scene || If you choose who you work with they are fine otherwise it's hell I got Iron Man, Jack Sparrow and Sirius Black Well they used as a reference well known shows and movies This test is not for babies But mostly those shows came out late '90s early 2000s Milhouse Don't forget Milhouse Simpsons? Bart's best friend? Maggie Well the new episodes kinda suck 31 Yoghurt with pistachios > everything else So, any valid app to exercise at home?  Not the apocalypse I was expecting :( So I have to "train" at home YES That's the kind of content I like Do it lol in group chat they used to send worst things My eyes are trained Lucky you You are right, but I wanted to spend my free time outside with people not at home Anyway, here maybe on 4th May we'll be able to go outside (still with masks) and respect se distance Happy birthday   @DaHomieDrew you should watch "How I met your mother", "New Girl", "Scrubs" and "The Office" too She made some jokes about 21 Savage being deported Last year And started crying when people made jokes about her and ||heroin|| Exactly Nothing fun about someone being deported But you know, she's white and can get away with anything I don't think so? She made some comments about Taylor Swift too lol I loved Ariana as Cat from Victorious Jade was hands down the best Me too! But growing up I realised that's she was hella toxic toward Beck Also, Avan (Beck) is damn handsome   @MaralinaSakura Both India and China are the best to start with haha I dunno, I win even when I start with China. The only thing that matters is attacking Madagascar and Greenland before they close their ports Otherwise winning will be harder Thomas Hunt >>>> I cut my dad's hair I've never been scared my whole life He went from this  to this   No, the original plan was to reduce his curl But since the outcome was a disaster he "agreed" to go bald With an electric razor yes But most lactose intolerant people take pills before eating Isn't the USA where they sell milk in plastic bag? Or it's Canada?  Also, knowing my clumsy ass I'd make a disaster each time I try to get a drink Also, do you milk the bag? How the fuck u supposed to put it in a glass? Canada explain ^ Thank you lilli for this lesson Here we recycle everything Or at least we try @oge I get you Cartoon milk >>>> I need to add water Otherwise is way too strong the almond milk Soy? Rice? Coconut Why are you discriminating coconuts? Smh Not even screenshots with the phone It's illegal to sell or make profit out of those movies What show do you want to record? Bojack Horseman from horsing around? That Bojack Horseman? Girl just search online the episode and put next to it "streaming" and you'll find a lot of sites No it's not It's a depressing reflection of the world Shut up About silent voice I still need to see it When I saw the 1x10 episode of Violet Evergarden I cried like a baby That was like the second time I cried in front of a show/movie It will take a lot of time before we can get back to our normal life Ehm, you sure buddy? lol so sorry I thought I send the translation too haha, basically @ lilli it says that my battery will last for 97 hours haha lol it went back to normal now haha @azula H O W I'm getting fatter Like snorlax fat Also, I like to cook And with more free time comes more food I'm my own worst enemy @DaHomieDrew :hawyee: @melizmatic did you exercise regularly? @azula nothing, what's the point? I'm going to die Pizza or Lasagne I love sushi but < pizzaa ^ The correct way is Lasagne Spaghetti with what? Carbonara is made with spaghetti... Doge don't The fuck you doing? Also LMAO spaghetti and meatballs it's an American thing Kebab is Turkish Hamburgers > hotdogs ME TOO VIV Like I go outside just to buy groceries or take away food but it's not the sameeee @oge here too since the 4th of May. Like we can go outside but so many places are crowded Also it's scary how it's quickly spreading in the USA I did my fathers hair And last time I did mine was in January so still way too soon Yikes @( ) milquetoast  nah, it's all the same except you can buy alcohol lol How does it work? @Raven Charlie Can't believe this... Squishy This has the same energy of the monkey getting a haircut It's more hygienic @DaHomieDrew waaaah you don't say I read somewhere that when a man has very feminine features is considered handsome Do we have Japanese people to confirm this? @azula have u seen Kurtis Conner video on YouTube about the e-boy and soft boys wave? And sarcasm I wanna be taller Like a fucking Titan I wanna be 175 Nice story to tell your kids Maxwell is chaotic good Wack Shrek is love I'd have screamed too Can't fucking draw shit, I'm a talentless bitch @azula how long were you there? Sorry to hear so :/ I don't blame people for this thing. Like when my mom's friend was hospitalized for cancer people would illegally sneak  food for her Filipinos said make the best out of a bad situation It always  does actually Some times are worst Each year there is a period where water is very high Last year was the worst @Deleted User welcome back!! Aww, I missed you too girl!  Jsnsjfid I actually feel sorry for some simp Like "dude, where is your dignity?" Both dogs are cuuuuute @DaHomieDrew bitch we already saw what you wrote Tomorrow (in Italy) shops will be open again, we will be able to meet people. I'm happy yet a bit scared We still need to go out with masks and gloves and be at least 1m of distance from each other But eh at least I can speak with my friends and be able to get out of the house Gloves are required in public places such as markets Gloves and hand sanitizer Also no hugs and try to stay at least one arm away from everyone Stay safe and try to have fun btw  @BigHutchHO can you still smell things and taste them? If you don't have any serious health problem you shouldn't worry Actually you should be careful now that you mentioned it If I were you I'd call my doctor/hospital Yeah, don't go anywhere. Just give them a call and they'll advise you I dreamed more during this lockdown than my whole life Can't wait to go back to zero sleep and stressful days  Petition to have Drake as a sacrifice for Threep Fucking idiots Ignore them, move one Bitch you don't have time for them, duh You did the right thing Not gonna lose time on them Yeah, don't forget Africa too The British empire has done many bad thing Didnt he make an appearance like a week ago? Exactly. And the surgeon's family too They can't hide his death forever Exams online are a double edged sword Welcome! Also is that Anakin? LMAO ^ @DaHomieDrew whatt? He looks gooooood  Someone fucking keyed my car Too bad I don't know who did it My mom told me to key every neighbor's car   I'll buy the dash cam from Amazon lol one second it's not going to make a huge difference Good morning Doing some lessons?? They reopened some beaches here Might go swim next week This is a worldwide issue. Everywhere the police feels the right to play God People abusing their white privilege and not letting others have a normal life. This week a woman called on a black man because she felt threatened by him. He just told her to hold her dog. 
Also black population represents more or less the 13% of the US population A good mini serie is "when they see us". Where 5 black men were suspected of ||raping|| a woman in central park. It was night and theh only held them as suspected because they were black Based off real events China has a huge problem with black people I remember an ad about a woman putting a black man in a washing machine and he comes out Chinese @literal legend. No, since it's true. They strongly dislike black people Olive skin Why would someone feel they have a right to touch a stranger's head? Smh Also British people are super rude outside of the UK One of the worst tourists I've ever seen @azula what is the white thing? Yes Ohh Hey ya @DaHomieDrew was he Matt? Whaaaaat I knew about Rami Malek and Brett Dalton Yes! I've almost watched all Rami Malek movies He's hella talented 20 + 20 + 20 = 60
20 + 5 + 5 = 30
5 -2 = 3 
-1 + 20 + 5 = 24 Dunno guys I'm dumb as hell Oh, I just noticed that the last blue flower is missing a petal Exactly why Americans are like this How the fuck am I supposed to know ho big is a field? Probably say that a field is as big as a field Last one I swear @BigHutchHO I found it on google, don't drag me  Nah No USA means no freedom in the Middle east And no democracy :( When a middle eastern country discovers petrol and the USA wanna import democracy and freedom Or someone recycling A lot of european missionaries that go to asian countries turn out to be ||paedophiles|| Sorry I keep forgetting :( Religion is just an excuse If not that ot would be some else But religions are just an excuse I'm not saying "religion" is bad, but in many cases when missionaries go in other countries they do it for other purposes such as economic reasons Trump is islamophobic without knowing shit about religion lol The Quran and the Bible have similar verses But he wouldn't know Pretty sure he didn't even read the Bible Yes! Jacinda Ardern is super cool! I love her and really admire her work. She handled the COVID-19 situation pretty good Also when there was the shooting of the mosques she immediately did something to ban guns lol everyone except Justin (I hope) @zebreano hii, I do @azula ew. He could block her on social media so she can't contact him again Well I think he can tell her to stop being pushy since it's unnecessary and disrespectful Having her phone constantly blowing up with scam calls won't solve nothing Well tell him that this friend makes you feel uncomfortable with her attitude @azula dumb question: have you talked with this girl? @azula how long has this been going on? Damn, can't she take a hint? Lmao he's not interested She will never stop unless he tells her to Can anyone from the Philippines confirm?  That bat is literally a batman I'd die Oh my god. Last year I took care for almost all summer of my friend's baby and she loves this song It's some kind of cult Kids are obsessed by this ^ La Huerta in spanish means the garden So you you can take pic of la Huerta yourself lmao Corona does a lot of damage to other organs, not just lungs unfortunately Wasn't it in Mongolia? In Mongolia they got the black plague after eating marmots Lmao y'all making me feel old Some videos are funny tbh They only last a few seconds Yeah the majority does dancing and lip syncing But there are also funny videos Some reminds me of vines Lmao cringiest thing I saw are the videos made but the US cops on tik tok https://youtu.be/Vn6OvHLyAPY Facebook ain't so innocent Remember Cambridge Analytica? A political data firm hired by President Trump's 2016 election campaign, gained access to private informationonmore than 50 millionFacebookusers. The firm offered tools that could identify the personalities of American voters and influence their behavior Hey guys How are you?? Ah nice Miss u too babe @azula  @azula I'm anemic too. Ayy goals  I'm dizzy, tired and my head is always pounding I don't know what I am. I'm a tired bitch @Deleted User also don't worry as long as you don't feel strange @oge low iron in blood I take iron supplements too or else i wouldn't be able to do a lot of things I call my dad to get them out because I hate insects Either they do it or I'll scream all the time at the insects Like I know they can't hear me Ew We have those here I hate them They make so much noise, hit everywhere and if you kill them they leave behind a bad smell @oge yes No they aren't cockroache But I hate them so much and they are everywhere @oge I know right? The smell is awful @oge they hit everywhere The sound is annoying I hate all insects. I don't discriminate @Strife they are pretty insects. But still insects so yeah I hate them Ew grasshoppers too Like those things scare me so much cause they are unpredictable and you don't know where they will jump to The countryside is full of grasshoppers Nah thanks Good luck Viv Mhh. Y'all never heard Italian swears and it shows Happy birthday @azula   Lmao why are you asking? Hi fellow Choices players How are you? I havent finished the chapter from last week yet I'll go play it ahhhh I'm 168. I want to be 175 cm  @azula girl spill Oh, sorry to hear so If you don't have serious health issues you shouldn't worry much @azula epico They both suck Is this a thing?  @MaralinaSakura Damn In Italy we have many cases of people faking disabilities It ain't that easy girl @MaralinaSakura abolishing that benefit Tik tok shows the full body Most Instagram videos are for places, faces or food Not innocent, but less dangerous than tik tok Snapchat became less popular when Instagram added the story thing Pokemon Go too Was considered dangerous @DaHomieDrew your friends aren't respecting the social distancing thing, smh my head Drew Lmao Instagram is owned by Mark Zuckerberg Doesn't make it any better Mark: become android @Ne-Rwby-On yes. Facebook, Instagram, messenger and WhatsApp too All I know is that he took the credit for creating Facebook. But he "stole" the project from his friends I know, I watched the movie Why? Why not? But why? Why not?  Imagine opening discord Hey girl Are we having a baby? Too bad Cool I mean, as cool as it can be in this situation @azula I was talking about the X ray, not Covid. Girl you make me sound like I'm some kind of emotionless bitch  In Italy everyone is acting like COVID ain't still there I feel it. We will get a second lockdown in October @azula lmao me too hon  Viv goes brr brr @azula nah hon I was kidding not positive @azula a friend of mine got Covid in April and she's fine @azula does it involve your respiratory system? Do you taste and smell things? Whe wasn't able tho  @azula Jake Paul is just a spoiled child @DaHomieDrew lmao have you seen the video about Jake Paul economic school or some shit? @DaHomieDrew 
https://youtu.be/mMPVOJewSVQ @DaHomieDrew do it for Kurtis. He's one of the coolest people on YouTube Damn That maid maybe was afraid to lose her job. I'm not defending her actions to not tell you, but I'm still trying to understand why she did it tho @DaHomieDrew the audacity of the letter?! Like damnnn A full ass letter filled with unreasonable and unrealistic promises Oh What? Really? I thought she was older I thought she was in her 50s with a family or something @azula I hope your grandma will feel better And you and your whole family too  Be sure to check your fever and drink water Viv out there asking people about their pee Aw, sorry to hear about your grandma hon. I'm here if you need anything  They can hear you Once they become sentient they will kill you Damn Markus is hot even without his skin Embrace the progress, @oge Ew That's nasty If you create something to dominate it you are an oppressor Still a small step to something bigger. Today is your phone, tomorrow you might have a sentient android going around your house Look at South Korea or Japan @DaHomieDrew :jebus: We have children, Drew @kyo make them stop Y'all can't think about anything but sex @DaHomieDrew Jesus is crying because of your actions Shame Rich countries, i guess The more a country is rich the more it will invest in discovering new technologies and all 'Morning Birds outside whispering some shit They woke me up  Downside of sleeping with open windows Yeah How is 'Murrica? ^^^ Can't wait to wear coats honestly Ikr Summer is good just if you own a pool or live near the beach Otherwise is gross Yikes Stay safe Really be living life in hard mode Damn, don't remind me. I have to postpone my graduation due to Corona No. One of my friends graduated earlier and they just told him the results online. The end Imagine working your ass off for years and the best moment happens in 5 minutes With a computer I have the voice of a 8 year old It's helpful when phone companies call and I tell them that I'm a minor and they become scared and hung up lol Either this or fake yourself as the maid @MaralinaSakura I know it's strange but those companies call you everyday Either you tell them off or they'll still go on @oge before COVID it was almost 3 times per week I asked one of them where they got my number and they hung up At least I wasn't rude like some of my friends lmao. They straight up tell them to ||fuck off|| and hung up Yeah, but where the fuck did they get the number That's the point When I was in middle school I used to do prank calls because I had nothing better to do Oh they do something similar here Instead, they show up at your house and tell you they are there to see if your electricity and gas work. Once they are in they steal little thing Especially elderly people Italians really have creative ways to steal American invention :shifty:  @Strife#957 Cut people hands And you'll be rich Stonks @Strife Pizza with pineapple or banana are the worst In Sweden they eat it with banana That's more disgusting That's a swedish clownery Ew english is not Latin @oge ah ok. I thought you were speaking about its origins They still study it in some high schools Both Latin and Greek. But just the basic Ancient @Strife Russian or german I was trying to learn it But without a teacher is hard In some place in Italy they speak German Exactly I can speak in italian, english, french, a bit of arabic and a bit of Spanish My goal is to learn German, Portuguese and Japanese or Chinese @Strife naaaaah It's super hard @oge because I want to spend some years in Cape Verde @Strife Basically italian, romanian, spanish and Portuguese are all Latin languages @Strife how many languages do you know? @DaHomieDrew Hola seor Too bad you can't see me gesticulating while I speak @Strife lol, honestly it gets confusing lmao Some times I know the words in other languages but not in italian I'm bye-lingual @DaHomieDrew I know how to say thank you, how are you and you're welcome @DaHomieDrew I thought it was the same everywhere but it actually changes Yeah, so cool when i learned so @DaHomieDrew shame Profiting of people misfortune Tbh I put that I'm a volunteer in my curriculum so I look good I do it because I enjoy it But apparently you have bonus points if you put it in your applications  @Deleted User MICHAEL Nah, that's Bucky from the MCU Micheal Scott ... just, I like your pfp that's it Bye Is this the real life? @Deleted User yeah haha Andy Lmao it happened to me too. The problem is that I was 13... @DaHomieDrew 10 year gap between my parents ayy :pleb: Lmao can you too feel the difference between them? Like I know it's just 10 years but sometimes they can't agree about small things I have a question: I don't want to sound rude or something but what do you enjoy about being in the military?  @Deleted User Happy birthday  @DaHomieDrew   @Purplesim happy birthday  Thank god I'm dumb and there's no math in Uni @DaHomieDrew kid Respect the elders Notice the link Independent confident How's uni life treating you?  @DaHomieDrew Oh, I don't know much about how it works in the USA What are you studying? Yoo, that's cool Good luck Can't sit with us  @DaHomieDrew Maybe it's related to the It lives series?? Good luck  @Strife I'm studying and it's midnight, I wanna cry That's a cool nickname @azula do you feel better? Oh, so sorry to hear so Get well soon hon  @azula lmao My girl has her priorities straight @azula drink a lot of water It helps your body I drink 1.5 litres per day A whole bottle A lot But it's good for your body @azula try to add lemon or cucumber to your water So it might taste better for you @azula bitch u better get well soon Stop thinking about the D @azula D is for Dora the explorer D is for Damn I'm sorry to hear so D is for Dyou will get better D is for Dyou're welcome dude D is for Drew @azula ew Don't encourage her, Drew Dick Grayson Ok but one thing I don't understand Why people named Richard have Dick as a nickname? @ america explain Still I don't understand Yikes Country roads @Strife D is for Desmond Miles What does it mean? I'm so stupid tonight Why bonk @DaHomieDrew yo what @DaHomieDrew wash yourself with holy water :jebus: Is that a zoomed fish?  @Weiss Were they born a Karen or changed along the way? @DaHomieDrew now, don't we all have fictional partners @faede Asra  Faust is best girl This applies to sub saharan Africa too @azula girl drink water Have you disinfected everything you've touched since you knew you had COVID? The virus stays on the surfaces for a few days Also you have to drink a lot of water Aren't both the same? @english speakers explain Good evening everyone How are you doing? @azula are you getting better? I wanna cry Summer is over and I have to study again @Strife thank you  I hate doing exams via webcam Yep Yeah almost all my exams are oral. Usually I don't have a problem with oral exams, but when doing it with a webcam other people can hear you (by that I mean all the others that need to do the exam) > All those people staring at you 
@Strife 
Exactly  @Weiss lmao when they dance it's even worse Now the animation is so better but back in 2014 it was even funnier Hill house is more about a dysfunctional family then ghosts. Can't wait for season 2 I only train with people who are beginners like me I need to reduce sweet food ^ Ok but carbs are bad too  @Strife there are days where I eat pasta for lunch and a kebab/pizza for dinner @Strife since quarantine "ended" I gained 2 kg by eating a lot outside Thankfully I walk a lot So I'm kinda burning Yeah but my problem is that I don't have the time To cook healthy food Also eating healthier is expensive @Strife thanks  All I need to lose are 7 kg haha But it feels hard How many calories should I eat per day? I guess 60 As I said, I need to lose 7 kg Yeah lol @Strifethank you No no, thank you Haha. Actually sorry if its taking your time  @Strife Who wants to play "among us"? When y'all are ready we can make a match I'm ready haha WXXUQQ Wait I'll do another one haha @Deleted User are you joining? QRROWQ Lmao @oge Maybe he saw you via security camera Wanna do another one? No  @Deleted User Wait UJTEXQ Me too I was their first victim Good night Guys I'm at an all you can eat And I'm about to die Cause I ordered a lot of things But my stomach said "bitch stop" Either I wait and eat or I'll have to pay for the things I didn't eat lol @Deleted User Ahhhh welcome backkkk Priy  Hey guysss How are you? I'm the 91st person to have joined this server Wanna play among us? Let's see if someone else joins In like 5 minutes Yep @Deleted User @Deleted User @azula are u ready? You need an emulator tho @Deleted User @oge yay of course Ping me when you are free @ogeok XKNPQQ lol wait MAEZRQ Oh ok No Do it you And I'll join I'm using discord from phone and each time I get out of among us it logs me off Do it with 2 impostors Weird match lol Yep Do one impostor this time Even tho with 2 is funnier lol Wait I'm having a problem rn There's a big ass bug in my room Dunno I can hear it Now I need to find it I want to cry This shit They are harmless but they make so much noise and will release a bad smell if killed Wanna see what I found next to my car one day? I had to take a screenshot and crop the image It reminds of Cell from Dragon Ball Yeah unfortunately living next to the countryside means having to deal with all kind of bugs 15 minutes away from the city But bugs> rats I saw rats, mice, frogs, hedgehogs, bats and of course a lot of bugs lol first time I thought they were birds But my friend pointed how low they were flying Yeah but I didn't focus much, not until they told me they were bats and not birds Me too Good night @oge Lapse was amazing. The prequel was good too Yeah I'm playing it too Was it developed by the same studio? > Was it developed by the same studio?
@Andromeda 
Nope Even tho the art style is similar they were made by different people Who wants to play among us? @oge ? Ok, send the code Also we don't have to do a new code each time Just hit "play again" Try again lmao It happens sometimes Let's try again later. Imma go play the latest chapter of OH @oge have u finished Reigns Her Majesty? Yep haha It took me some time tho Around 2000 lol But it depends on how u are playing @oge yeah, since I can't sleep much at night and I'm way too tired to study I decided to play haha I didn't like Finding Nemo growing up, so I never watched Finding Dory Hilda best girl > @Andromeda awaken queen
@azula 
Another Italian ahhhh Hey everyone How are you guys? @azula look A pic of Adam Driver when he joined the marines Why did I miss a discussion about the best Chris? Anyway, best one are Evans and Pine Good evening y'all Are you full from eating? lol @DaHomieDrew :hoopla: this is me :hoopla: We don't have prom here Are prompose a real thing in the USA? Is it also true that most people ||have sex the first time|| during prom's night? I'm talking as a European whose knowledge comes from american movies lol Lmao High school relationship are the worst Like we had a couple in our class and they would always sit together, they were literally living in symbiosis They lasted until autumn after high school ended @Arzaylea yes. One if my friends is currently engaged to one of our high school teachers There are 9 years between them But they started "being a couple" after we graduated It isn't the age gape the problem But uhm, where they met Like she was 19 when they started dating They were very secretive about it in the beginning Damn @DaHomieDrew what about know? lol Online classes are wack What does PR mean in this case?  @Arzaylea Oh, okay Happy Birthday!    @oge Yesterday was snowing for the first time this year. This morning it all disappeared due to the rain :mmYea:  me yesterday 
:mmNo:  me today @kyo we will learn it too but today is not the day    Ok, I have a question to the ones that live in the USA related to the latest chapters of MTFL: do principals really have this much power? @DaHomieDrew thank you  Because here, before taking any decision the principal has to go through a meeting Hey guys Happy new year   @DaHomieDrew i mean, the only thing that its gonna change is the 1 replacing the 0 100% would vote @azula Give me back my pink nameeee :elmofire: @BigHutchHO happy belated birthday  You can be whatever you want Its your birthday You may @azula you are popular I love you too queen Ew :TrumpAmongUs: :jebus: Hi @Arzaylea nice to meet you Sameee @BigHutchHO Happy birthday @azula working, studying and dying @BigHutchHO *always* @azula what about youu? Yeah I remember I've been inactive for a while Damn right We are the powerpuff girls of ||destroying cocks|| @oge thank youuu @oge how is college? @BigHutchHO birthday boy You can do it Doge I was 20 I'll be soon 23 Happy birthday It happens Doge has a lot of kids Doge sine dad *single Can I be your secret lover?  @azula Where is Priy? Nooo, too bad Step bro what are you doing? Imagine joining the server rn I'm afraid to ask What is a twink? @BigHutchHO my mom is 26 She can't be a twink Too bad 2 a.m. and I can't sleep And I need to wake up at 6 a.m. :hoopla: :PinguDab: Happy birthday  @kyo  Do we have one? Viv low key a cinnamon Is this turning into fight club? Off topic but I worked for McDonald's and I witnessed a fight It already exists a book 2 of Perfect Match. Maybe you mean a third one? 'Cause the answer is no I remember Ariana Grande when she used to play Cat on Victorious Poor girl, had to dye her hair a lot Congratulations Lu!  I wanted to go to the UK for my master but then Brexit and the pandemic happened @Arzaylea I had my nose done twice 'cause the first time it closed The pain I went through for a little hole is ridiculous I want to get the septum and a couple more on my ears I have two in one lobe and helix in one side, while the other i have three and plan to do the tragus and helix And the industrial I wanted to expand my lobes when I was younger but my mom said no Kinda glad she didn't let me 'cause I have friends that now regret it Lmao I have a friend who you used to have a crush on me and his name is Aladdin  They all mocked me cause my favourite princess is Jasmine The irony Unpopular opinion but Gaston is underrated What did you do then? @azula did u apologise to her? Dunno the law there, but here you can definitely get sued for emotional reasons Spicy Do you guys have VIP pass? You can't leave us like this  Lucky LUCKY I had once 3 keys But it was in the beginning Lockdown as in a couple? Or covid? America explain America is a possessive partner Say sike Wish I could smash and dash, but can't go anywhere Hit and run Nail and bail @Arzaylea i found you Marry me I'm here today asking for  @Arzaylea hand @azula bless us bitch Give us your blessing Give facebook dating a go too They told me it works Naughty girl Viv 100% right At least yours ended lmao Defo dumb Can you imagine dating someone crazy? Bitch I don't have the time to babgsit your ass Are you asexual?  @unforgivablespelling Oh that's ok You'll figure it out Queen Lmao Btw Jojo is slowly killing her hair Le mi Exactly She's going to have a HUGE forehead by the age of 40 if she keeps going like that Kinda like Ariana Grande when she used to play Cat and had to dye her hair a lot @Arzaylea what is your natural hair color? Drop your hair care routine I'm curly too Use rice water It helps a lot No, you have to do it yourself You might find some videos on YouTube Using natural products or shampoos that aren't too harsh might help you My hair is dark black, but if I want to dye it I go to the hairdresser. I don't trust myself I want to do the burgundy balayage But I don't have enough money lmao It will cost me more than 200 euro Wish I had the balls to date a sugar daddy Teach me I once date a stingy guy who was loaded and had the audacity to talk about communism Thank you captain Once lockdown and I get my degree I'll try it I'm independent too and that's why I would rather buy my own things than having to "use" someone 100% I share this tho Could I ask how old are you? I'm 22, 23 in march. when the lockdown started I was 21 fml Nah, don't worry. Thankfully I had and still have time to experiment But I like to have options that's why I asked you how you do it  Fun fact: in Italy the movie is called Oceania and the main character Vaiana because Moana was the name of a famous ||porn|| actress so they changed it to avoid inconveniences Happy birthday Lu!   I want to try pop tarts They look delicious Y'all look awesome in your pfp pics  Shouldn't have took this test right before going to sleep It's almost midnight but I have a thousand things to do and I need to be up at 6 am :hoopla: Good evening guys How are you? Fine thanks! What time is it over there? It's 7 p.m. here Nice. I had dinner Sorry i didnt answer sooner I have an exam next week and my motivation to study is barely there lol > ugh, I'm starving with no motivation to cook
@Arzaylea 
Girl I can't study with an empty stomach Order it if you can Girl go Live your life Fuck homework Just kidding, do them later lol > I said that literally all of last week which is why I am here today
@Arzaylea  my life motto. That's why I'm behind like shit with my uni stuff :hoopla: What is your favourite pizza flavour? Mind you, this might make or break our engagement :IDKher: Girl go eat something @Arzaylea   Bish yeah Even tho your toppings suck We will work on it Do you like prosciutto? @azula mom I'm married @Arzaylea LOOK EXACTLY It's disrespectful to break spaghetti  It's going to be hard, but I'm here I like bread in all its shape Ikr Here its pretty common lol Baguettes are so good Girl my ass is big because I eat bread with everything Focaccia best thing ever @azula He's so perfect I'm crying It's actually a good show! And an introduction to the multiverse for future MCU movies I don't want to spoil anything, but I strongly suggest you to watch it! It's so cool Lmao I wonder if we would get along irl What would you do in a situation where you fought with someone in your "circle" and so your friends from that circle hangout sometimes with you and sometimes with the other friend? It's so stressful Dunno if I was clear lol Also I'm kinda the newest on the friend group since they have been friends since they were children. Me and person A fought because I don't tolerate her shit. Like they all are "eh you should forgive her/be the first one to talk to her" but they only forgive her or get past those things because they have been friends for a long time. I don't have the same excuse to stick around and tolerate this kind of behaviour Newest = I've been friends with them for 4 years lol But I'm 100% that if they met each other now they wouldn't be friends. Time isn't enough in a friendship > you know what you deserve and if they're not doing their end... talk to them, work it out, but don't sweep it under the rug or cave
Each time I want to talk to her I remember what she said. I can't be friends with someone who said "eh I don't think our friendship is that deep" when I considered her one of my best friends Exactly. I care deeply about her but I couldn't go past that phrase Nope, not my face On the phone As I said, I care deeply about her after all, but I do care and respect myself too, so I'm kinda conflicted. Also it hurts yet I don't want to see her I haven't had a proper conversation with her since then. When there is an event or something we ignore each other (mostly I ignore her). Yet, after all I want closure because my mind is stuck in the "what if" and the good things that happened in those years of our so called friendship BTW thank you guys for listening and taking the time to write something. Really really appreciate it, love you  Do you still wonder what your "life" would be if you hadn't "broken" up with them? The thing is that a small argument resulted in the braking of our friendship. The argument (really stupid, lmao) = we went to the beach with 2 cars, mine and hers (the friend I fought with) but one of our friends (that came with her in her car) had to go home earlier because she had to go work the next day. I wanted to stay cause, at the time, I was working too but I took a day off to go the beach and the people who came with me were OK with it. She (the other one with the car) somehow was mad because I wanted to stay. I literally lied to the manager to have a day off so I could spend it with them and all I wanted was to stay until sunset (we live 3 hours away from the beach). Anyway, the week after we had our friend's birthday to go to, but she said she wasn't feeling ok to go there because there would have been an awkward vibe AKA me and from there she said that she didn't have a deep friendship with me and thing like that. She never reached out and automatically thought that I'd be ok after that confession Friendly reminder that we all are old and I felt like I was in high school This to give you some background on what happened lol. Pretty stupid yet here I am Happy birthday  @red hot silly pepper  Good thanks. What about you?? Done  Lmaoo Go girl Put some music So you'll have "fun" while doing it Fuck then *them lol Use your headphones Win win situation Lmao, half my friends have the same name as mine. So original *Drumroll* Sara Last week I had my refresher course on using the AED and CPR This is the mannequin we used Hi, welcome! I need a new nickname but I can't find anything  lol Didn't peg you as a sore loser My wife out there beating everyone ass Bish I was talking about you Drew about to catch these hands Drew rn @DaHomieDrew sorry, want me to call you a wambulance? Girl how? Tbh I get you. One time I cut my finger with an egg shell Strangest cut of my life I'd demolish every sidewalk in the USA for you Queen Attack on titan Asap ATRACK ON TITAN *attack Watch Attack on Titan for the plot The plot: Nice name My dumb ass thought you wrote "pillow" And I was confused lol What genre of music do you like? Underrated queen Liking her since I was in high school but people be like "ew she makes music about her ex" Uhm Bruno Mars? Ed Sheeran? Everyone else? @azula stream for us your wedding How often do you renew your license? Way too complicated. Once you are 18 here you are fully an adult lol Drinking is 18 too but I had my first at 15. Almost everyone here Dads are all the same all over the world Me planning to get waisted once the pandemic will be over Can I use the "English is not my first language" card?lol Liquors with chocolate is so delicious Do you like beer? @DaHomieDrew I'm taking an airplane ticket rn Boy say bye to your liver Is this not beer in English? @DaHomieDrew I see they explained to you what I meant lol Isn't one "British english" and the other "American english"? That's why Kyo might be confused Not you being reckless It's for your safety It's not about the money, but your life ^ Protect yourself girl Rae spitting facts This could be used against you in many ways lol HAHAHA Ay, lemme join Lu is the one that needs baby car seat since she doesn't wear a seat belt P
q Yeah that too Drew is right Bitch you are the wrong one this time Sorry love Good luck! Congratulations Kyo! My mom loves to cook my favourite meals while I'm dieting  Andromeda or 2-D are all fine lol Reeeee Check #wholesome-pictures OK I'LL DELETE IT @azula it's not so secret tho lol Not Andy omg It reminds me of that dude from The Office Hiii Eh good. What about you? Yeah, I like it Watch some ASMR cooking video and you'll feel sleepy I discovered them during pandemic and now I'm addicted This video never gets old Damn, Marx so damn hot I can't even Can you blame me? They didn't have to make him so hot You know who is hot? Young Joseph Stalin Actual Marx looks like a crackhead Santa Claus, but drawing Marx can ruin my life whenever he wants Can't u stream movies in a not-so-legal way? I've seen American History X and Freedom Writers Yeah, as long as you don't sell them For personal use Oh yeah I've seen that too Do you have to watch them all or just chose one? American History X is really good and unfortunately very current Disturbingly true. But is a good one See it Kyo I was 14 when the teacher showed it to use Yeah, but you can't sugar coat those things Requiem for a dream is one of those movies I would never watch again in my life Not me waking up 20 minutes before my dentist appointment  Does it snow in California? Asking because I want to know when is the best time to visit Ehm, I meant to say is it always sunny? Spring/summer best time to enjoy California, right? Daddy communism  I hear people from Canada drink milk from bags Viv In a pic Viv said  no horny Hopefully Tatum Let Drew hate me but: Bryce or Tatum? @DaHomieDrew Choose I dare you The choices universe is somehow all connected Go girl Oh my god Drew You are so lazy that you didn't even write it down yourself Take a nap instead of working a lot. Then you'll have energy @Strife welcome baaaack How are you? Are you getting it soon? I already got my vaccine dose 'cause here they gave the vaccine first to the people who work in the healthcare field I had fever and my arm was heavy for a couple of days when I got the first dose back in late January. 
After 21 days I got the second dose and I was fine I always do Bitch I'm 22 Nah Good morning How r u? It's raining here Where are you from? You spin me right 'round, baby right 'round like a record _Forg_ et about it https://tenor.com/view/kermit-dancing-happy-smiling-gif-14490278 Sexy forg I think they are weird? No, they are strange Like when I come home late at night there's always a frog in front of my door Staring Countryside. If I lived in the city I would be welcomed by a rat Relax Kyo It's Saturday Your lectures are still going to be there after the movie lol You are the strict mom, and I am the chill one @** In order to log in you have to uninstall the Facebook app Then log in the Choices app and login in your Facebook account. After that you can download again the Facebook app Good evening guys @azula have u played MOTY? Go girl! You'll like it I like and appreciate the dedication that Drew puts in reacting every tweet in #pb-twitter-updates King Pri is back? @Priyudi HIIIIII (I'm 2-D lol) Happy birthday   @azula    You should open a a marriage agency I see a great opportunity to be rich rich I like how this became a canon here lol ^ Drew is a hoe Baby project Yesterday finally watched the last video of the episode series He needs to play choices Extra greetings from Cordonia Since it's the "most popular" series i think if he ever played Choices he would start from TRR How many days do you need to do ? Damn, how can you be mad at Viv I only dream about Dean Eh, it might take at least a year (if not more) So many Kevins So many Kevin Nguyen Looks good, the story too! I miss driving late night. We currently have a national curfew from 5 am to 10 pm They are currently vaccinating (?) a lot of people. They started from healt care workers, professors/teachers, elders ect. Best one so far is the vaccine by Pfizer. But Moderna is good too and Astrazeneca is kinda good too (even though they are currently stopping it here because there was a problem with a batch) We hope by summer that everyone has at least the first dose of the vaccine It's unfortunately necessary because the cases are still pretty high. And also most new cases are young people Yeah but those terms were used by the ones from the the alliance during the war They are used in an "offesive" way tho The word panini in italian means "sandwiches" So I'm here    NAH Carb is love Also Lu what pizza did you order? Can't go wrong With classics Funking hate my Internet connection It sends messages late "Funking" Take a pic of this "panini" thanks Girl, you need real food Buy pizza instead It's an american thing, so I can't tell you if it's good or not Ahhh me too! https://tenor.com/view/we-dont-do-that-here-black-panther-tchalla-bruce-gif-16558003 Not about having it, it's literally we don't have this kind of pizza here lmao YES I had vegetable soup for dinner Living my 80 year old life It looks like this Carrots, onions, celery, zucchine, a bit if spinach and peas And salt, pepper, oil and garlic Nope You cook them and then blend them It's pretty dense Favourite dish? Macarons? Macarons are overrated https://tenor.com/view/brain-same-wavelength-twins-thinking-cosmic-energy-gif-15106217 French teacher are worldwide strange. Mine used to talk about French colonies like they were a good thing And I op- Spanish is a cool language All the languages that come from Latin are cool Yeah, if you don't talk enough or practice you'll forget it Imagine me wanting to learn German alone   A lot! Especially if you want to learn alone and don't have a single clue of the mechanics of the language I think the basics should be taught in school. But I was speechless when I discovered that the sign language isn't universal but changes from place to place It actually makes more sense that each country has its own sign language since they have different history, cultural traditions STOP I was writing it You bet me It's 4 am. And my sister woke me for this @DaHomieDrew @faede Tatum might win aldjeidnwoej I like the name Leo! But as a nickname Of Leone or Leonardo I want to name my kid Gabriele Yep Leonardo, Donatello, Raffaello, Michelangelo... The Ninja Turtles Davide, Michele, Mattia, Gianluca, Federico and so on haha You could go with Mirko instead of Marco lol Get well soon hon Yeah, if the pain is too much take some medicine Good evening folks @Arzaylea hope you feel better and it comes negative!  Is your pfp Onyankopon? Good evening y'all Agreeee Good evening my child How are you guys? Me too! Especially at night Like WAP by Cardi B Babe, how do you feel today? Can you take anything? Exactly. Stay hydrated as well Orange juice is good too Both! I'm even with the manga and waiting next month for the last chapter  @rashon24 you?? I started with the anime, but the wait for another season was too long so I started the manga lol There will be definitely part two of the last season Cause there's still a lot to cover #deep What are you guys majoring in? It looks interesting! Good luck Drew I have many friends studying computer science! Fun but hard too. Good luck! During high school I wanted to study psychology but changed my mind by senior year. Good luck! Political science and international relations I'm basically the knock off version of FA I'm in tears! Where is my Tatum? @kyo what about you ? Don't be shy Exactly Also you could find cool jobs without a degree! Don't feel the pressure of wanting to do something in college In legal ways a manager On of my best friend graduated wearing her pyjamas pants and an elegant shirt. The pros and cons of an online graduation What about studying to become a journalist? Or a researcher My childhood dream was to work in archeology but it's kinda a dead field right now   What about architecture? That was the sims main goal at the beginning Or, you could work for Ikea and grow in that area whit professionals Story time from Viv https://tenor.com/view/popcorn-watching-weekend-vibe-gif-5457118 ~why would you not?~ https://tenor.com/view/chrissy-teigan-ugly-cry-golden-globes-funny-teigan-gif-3928441 ~hey~ IT DOESN'T WORK I'm dumb AHHHH ~~hey~~ Kentucky fried chicken Don't mind me Damn, america explain _Congratulations_ Bitches want you from left to right We stan a smart queen Good luck Fae! Can't crush something that doesn't exist Fuck George! All my homies hate George Hi Kyo, sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing this with us. Losing someone is hard, so if you want to talk about it anytime we are here. Hugs  Hey honey  Mine too Ready to throw hands across the ocean https://tenor.com/view/beating-up-beat-up-gang-attack-fight-back-jaxson-ryker-gif-14720264 The server against Kyo's ex  manifesting for a negative test  Both are important. Hopefully they both come back negative Good morning    Viv phat ass >> tiddies Way too early to have a NSFW convo wit y'all https://tenor.com/view/horny-jail-bonk-dog-hit-head-stop-being-horny-gif-17298755 Me   Anhiro keeping the general family friendly 10 am bitches Bitch your education first @DaHomieDrew ill slap you Drew needs to do his hm *hw How to unsee? https://tenor.com/view/must-unsee-spongebob-washing-eyes-cant-look-gif-14237119 Bitch go study https://tenor.com/view/fight-me-come-barney-dinosaur-punch-gif-16091889 If you don't study    If this isn't Drew in 5 sec   Did the mood switch from angry at Drew to crying over IL? Because I'm 100% in Not you Says Jax Anddddd back to horny mood ^ Scream and shout And let it all out Viv is that bitch I have to go. I need to study too. Sad life  See you later bitches Punch as the one americans drink at prom? Poor Viv Had to manage a shit show all alone lol Yes! Love youuu. So happy girl Now you should rest tho Are you still tired? Yeah, let's keep it that way :) Not me forgetting my mom's card at home  I hate it when you are hyped up about something and you share it with someone and they are like "it's just a book/movie/anime/" Ikr Like real life is disgusting, let me enjoy those small things Y'all have friends? Y Mood Btw, today a tank mistakenly hit a chicken coop I'm in tears. We are a  nation Yep Dunno I don't think they are alive tho I think the ||concentration camp|| joke was out of line It's 9.49 pm and I'm sleepy Good evening Mine consisted in watching dragon ball, totally spies, winx, Martin myster, pokemon, digimon ( ) and so on haha Digimon > Pokemon Is your phone hot? Of so let it cool down for 20 min and try again. Otherwise charge it and see try to start it Try to press both the power button and the - volume button Yeah, white light gives the impression of colder atmosphere while the yellow light one gives the impression of a hotter atmosphere Stay safe Viv @azula Is your mother getting tested or it's way too soon? I'm sure you slay no matter what you wear Papi chulo Lu is papi *Lu es papi Ikr Thank you sir. Way too kind I'm still shocked that Kim ended up with Ron It made sense and all But they are a strange duo lol Girl me too I want to star Jujustu but after all episodes of season 1 are released I wanted to call dips on Gojo tho   Oh y'all wanted to watch it together? It's 8.40 a.m. here and I'm doing uni stuff @azula Ily I wouldn't share you tho I would watch it with italian sub tho Goodnight Hopefully you'll feel better Me and my bestie are matching @azula  @DaHomieDrew be proud of us Queen Guess YES 100% Next time we do powerpuff girls Oh Viv, sorry to hear so @DaHomieDrew do Ron So we are complete Ops sorry Just realised Best bubble tea combination? I'm giving up on it. Last time I tried milk with mango and tapioca pearls  Good morning y'all Thank you ily    Thank you  Thank you  2nd time celebrating at home lol Game night with my friends Thank you  Fire Use fire against it No, don't listen to me lol Smoke works tho Just googled it Thank you Drew  Thank you!  Thank you  Thank you  Thank you  Thank you  Thank you my baby   Thanks wifey   Thank you! Good luck I'd be your mom any day Good Lu! You can do it girl . Ily My dreams are weird But while I dream they make sense Like I could have a dragon as a pet and everyone would say "hey, nice pet" But when I wake up I'll be "bitch wtf was that" Inception OG? What is the cute older version? Oh, I like the og ones Dibs on buttercup Good job babe HAHAHAH Show me yours Omg We could do totally spies too Clover Yeah last part not me lmao ^ Bitch you left me alone I'm the only powerpuff girl Viv is Mandy Mario Wario @azula missing Yee yee ass haircut Don't hate me cause I'm beautiful I'm throw hands to whoever doesn't like my child I can be _that_ agressive mom Be the professor Pleaseeeee @DaHomieDrew Bird You need glasses hon Dumb blind bitch disease Omfg At least not in front of the kids  pic Surprise shawty lol I'll ping you at midnight For some woohoo time You can't join us Sorry https://tenor.com/view/slap-mean-bully-buttercup-ppg-gif-9669284 Best romance Like that time my dad was travelling with his friend and they fell asleep on the couch of the caffe in the ship and when they woke up they found that someone stole their phones When he arrived we couldn't call him and were scared Eat Where are you working? Is it like a restaurant? Oh cool Metric system only valid system Hee hee You've been hit _By_ You've been struck _By_ A ~~smooth~~ criminal   Hee hee Thank you for coming to my performance Lukewarm water with salt Exactly. You can hurt your back too if you keep wearing wrong shoes size Half cup? Depends on how much water you are using tho Alex Could be Alexander or Alexandra @Rayvenrock happy birthday  Ask her which one she prefers It's normal That's weird and uncomfortable. And I can understand why you can't address it without starting a fight. :/ My childish self would suggest you to buy the fart spray bottle and spray it on the bathroom right before you exit it. Do it for a couple of time, let's see if he would enter again. 
But my adult self thinks that you should talk to him about it or try to say to your mom that you are "slightly" uncomfortable Oh, I'm having breakfast babe Send pics when you finish Variety is the spice of life The weather really went from ice cold to sahara desert hot Year 2 I can't wear my leather jackets Lmao, it's 22C here and same. Not used to it in march What time is it over there? Maybe you are tired Good morning y'all btw Sleep Kyo. Maybe that's why your head hurts Also, have you changed your shoes?? It's their love language https://tenor.com/view/boo-hug-monsters-inc-sully-warmhug-gif-10592083 Babe wear something Lmao I meant something heavy Lu today is being a smart ass A loser cause i married you Great minds Think alike Heavy socks and another blanket if you feel cold hon Aside from the ||violence|| almost all relationships are like this lol Papi chulo H Drew Drew has the fattest ass Do squats bitch You can do it Tomorrow we are doing squats together Tomorrow we will see Enjoying my last days of "vacation" Next months are going to be intense with studying and working Fml Thanks Kyo Goes both ways tho don't forget to take breaks too @DaHomieDrew it's squats day What time is it over there? Yeah we don't tip here Good morning, I'll ping you later. We can't train at the same time bestie Among us today? Or any other game if you guys are up to My wife loves me to death  On the phone or computer? Bitch wants to kill me Yup I'm a gender neutral parent Isn't going to make my pc explode the game, right? Y'all might hear my amazing Italian accent Give them an extra greeting Bon apple tea Drop your names on roblox so i can add you I think i found you Done Done I can't sleep I had way too much caffeine today Sorry to hear so. Take something guys ^ Painkillers? Happy Easter everyone Best meat buffet I had was in a restaurant specialised in Brazilian food Been way too long since the last time I had chinese food I miss ot more than I miss my friends Falling in love with a young doctor lmaooo I don't even know his name rip Guys he came out of a wattpad book whdhskw Tall, with dark hair that fall on his face a nice voice Dreamy He, of course, has a girlfriend https://tenor.com/view/strangle-choking-frustrated-give-up-im-done-gif-12163201 Bitch how He's here LMAO I'm about to turn this place in Open Heart I'll romance the young doctor Can I be your bridesmaid? Or best man You chose    heading to prepare the bachelor party Send it in private I wanna see if he's perfect for Drew @DaHomieDrew James Charles as the stripper for your bachelor party   We will find a groom for Drew https://tenor.com/view/i-wanna-see-it-show-me-let-me-see-i-want-to-see-big-boi-gif-13800468 WHERE IS IT I MISSED IT I funking hate my life @azula But you already showed me this I thought it was another one @DaHomieDrew working hard to let you bone someone Dominique? Papi chulo  No further comments until viv drops his age '98 gang You can procede to make comments @Belbercike We have the right man https://tenor.com/view/lizzie-mcguire-delete-erase-remove-keyboard-gif-15320483 Go crazy He play with hearts What's the name of the server? "Do you want to smash and dash?" Channels name be like: hit and run 
Nail and bail Am I embarrassing you? https://tenor.com/view/failed-dexter-sad-sorry-gif-8499118 I failed you, FB moms I'm a bad mom Babe me too, always As long as you are safe I'll cheer you Me of course suh *duh I'll call myself _Drew_ As long as you are happy Don't be shy bitches I was already taking your place Chaotic energy lol He hasn't a type Fighting for him to be with Drew Praying circle for our homie Drew I'm working  Thirsting  from afar after the doctor Bitch HAHAHA https://tenor.com/view/thes-simpsons-lenin-crush-capitalism-funny-gif-5488019 Capitalism will eventually destroy itself You said forever now I drive alone past your street... RED LIGHTS STOP SIGNS Btw i listened to that song by a tribe called quest You suggest a song by them lol Electrical relaxation Yes, added it to my playlist. While I was there I listened to "can I kick it?" Too Go on, I'll add them and listen to them later lol of course Stay safe Lu Yikes When are you getting tested again? ^ Don't you have a service for shopping delivery? If you had it, maybe your body developed antibody Damn, that's a lot All swabs? No wonder you dumb, they scratched your brain way too many times  Jokes aside, hope you and your family are negative If they feel the need to go out, tell them to wear double masks and always carry a hand sanitizer Lu really used the Uno reverse card Congratulations!! Do you feel tired? Yeah, first shot I was tired and had a bit of fever Best one Moderna too is good Go girl Also, nice pun Weird names Like moderna means modern (in a female sense) In italian Sto making words weird I hate it here It's easy lol Hand gesture means a lot of things Depends on your mood lol https://youtu.be/ob9bQb5oqbI @azula how to be italian in less than a minute Aren't you 20? Bitch how old are you? @DaHomieDrew How old are you ? Yo don't be a bitch because I asked I wanna punch you in the face rn Only in bed Nah, you deserve to suffer It's actually Lu undercover But she's ashamed Bates motel Bitch you look old People think I'm 19. I'm 23 AHHH They still ask my ID Not Lu being a smoker Bitch save your lungs SMH I'm an occasional smoker, so I ain't in the position ^ I like to smoke the hookah tho Did you just call me ass eater? Literally the only thing I don't do I thought we were friends Someone change Lu name in ass So we twinning I'm so mortified you have to assist to this HEYO ASS This is not a family friendly server Yeah.. @viv bitch we already matching @azula Can I be the ant? I'm the donkey Don't know his name in English Really donkey? Lmao at least here it's called Ciuchino IL CRYING That's fantasstic Yep And yep Damn, papi relax Raise your voice Like scream at the top of your lungs Or Le won't answer back WINX YES Bloom I always liked Stella and Flora They yeeted flor It's another girl lmao Clover daddy Ariel Lu is defo Ariel I'm Jasmine Because I like Aladin, no other reason I have a weird question about Tarzan It's on #nsfw-chat Last day of relaxation Can't enjoy it due to _anxiety_ ikr Yeah, I'm worried about college and I need to find a new job And hopefully in two months I need to star working on my thesis I'm about to ||throw up|| just at the thought I betrayed you @azula @Arzaylea Let's do something else ^ Me too I didn't enjoy Sheffield enough SHEGO Let's do winx Totally spies? You give Bloom energy https://tenor.com/view/bloom-enchantix-gif-13487458 YES Yes I don't remember it I only hated it cause it was nothing from the og winx Typical teen drama with powers Plot is non-existent and worst part is the inconsistent feminism that has nothing to do with feminism Yep My parents can swear and if I dare they get mad Can't wait to have kids to swear in front of them and get mad when they do so. The unhealthy circle of life Ikr Fae, what is this behaviour? Not you shading the others I'm so angry rn Can't believe PB made me angry What does it mean? Oh, so sorry to hear so I hope you'll buy a car that is 1000 better than the other Of course hon Can't wait to be rich and drive around with the last Audi on the market Poverty trap https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/6PKnr9cOYD28AIq3z06XzljKy2hf7YBD1DRO0_yaxPxNF8ZSqGcvhp7LjdSfSiUxKOnpjyb03aR3Tpt-bFK1awWeXBgDJTnH4m9n2Tebz3O1pUJE6FjgymQQN54wN58kMkS6FJewYpQt I bought a watch for my mom from the official online store of a famous company. Been a week and they still haven't send me a tracking code nor any news. I'm pissed since tomorrow is my mom's birthday  Fucking hell, this is the first and last time I buy something from them online They send a week ago an email saying that the order has been processed and I should soon (usually, in other sites that meant 1-2 working days) receive an email with the tracking info Yep I'll see if they will send something today, otherwise I'll contact the costumer support Done, but nada de nada Thanks babe! Have a nice day y'all Thank you   Good luck Kyo Have you prepared the questions you want to ask? FRIENDS The watch came wudsjexj I already got an email ready to be sent Thanks babe! Girl do it @DaHomieDrew moving it here But you are liar bitch I meant liar Ikr Omg bestie are you sharing with strangers? Lmao, I was about to suggest if you need to fake a call if they were creepy https://tenor.com/view/blind-mice-3blind-mice-three-blind-mice-gif-12794098 I trust you fully Me too lmao, that's why I asked. I thought maybe she was car sharing with someone @Arzaylea america explain Blaine Poor babe Send you love and patience Elliot Drew really used the uno card Disgusting beans Why y'all are so chaotic? lol Maybe y'all need to talk this through. In private Yeah, but the passive agressive thing won't solve the problem. Explain to Drew your point of view and let him express his. Dialogue Ew Solve it in private Talk about it Or y'all gonna have to do this all the time All the people who choose charmender as kids have anger issues as adults Hi, I'm people https://tenor.com/view/chrissy-teigan-ugly-cry-golden-globes-funny-teigan-gif-3928441 Where is FA's MC with the _+Diplomacy_ points when needed? SMH TELL ME WHY AIN'T NOTHING BUT A MISTAKE TELL ME WHY AIN'T NOTHING BUT A HEARTBREAK NOW NUMBER 5 I don't like it tbh New Girl and The Office Yes, absolutely! It's deliberately cringe and I live for it Good night Rae https://tenor.com/view/fresh-prince-vibe-dance-mood-gif-5207995 The original GOAT Drew is Boyle @DaHomieDrew bitch Viv is banana joe No one can convince me otherwise You heard @azula ? You are Sokka Leave Azula for me Ily Gumball while high Trust me, best experience Ikr He's Homer but jobless Peter treats Meg awfully ngl Nooooooo, really? O M G https://tenor.com/view/omg-oh-my-god-wow-gif-11411674 @azula If you name them Alex and Miles you basically gave birth to the Last Shadow Puppets ejfiskrmfjsk Are we watching something today? https://tenor.com/view/sebastian-stan-papichulo-papers-gif-12588841 Sebastian Stan saying papi chulo nshewienxjamd @Arzaylea bitch where you at Ikr? We really be accepting the bare minimum from the men tho Like smelling nice is a must Nice smelling is bare minimum owjxjems Not the kind you smell from 3 metres away tho Burp? Hey Viv, sorry for your loss. Please take care and don't hesitate to ask for help, we are always here for you! Love you  My neighbours really are a family of clown  They be watching me like its their favourite past time lmaooo I already got in a verbal fight, last year, with the father because he really thought that I was like one of his daughters he could tell me what to do. Clown shit 2071 This tests don't include accidents Y'all relax lol Ohh, how many languages do you speak? Cool I like learning new languages It helps you to understand the culture and mentality of the people that speak that language https://tenor.com/view/tom-y-jerry-tom-and-jerry-meme-sad-cry-gif-18054267 I thought we were friends Kyo Waking up in the morning thinking about so many things, I just wish things would get better I've never felt so excluded in my life Yeah, it feels like a consolation prize... Congratulations   Can you mix? Was it your choice? They don't want my homie with two different vaccines. They fear you might become as strong as an avenger You'd be too powerful The world isn't ready for Captain Drew @DaHomieDrew did you ever try wearing makeup and clothes like a drag? Sorry for the question It's just that I was curious After your dream book request Oh ok, I like to watch the show too sometimes The only things I'd do are either expensive or supernatural shit :hoopla: It could be as hot couture, but instead of MC wanting to be a designer/model they would dream of being the best drag queen https://tenor.com/view/tituss-burgess-too-soon-unbreakable-kimmy-schmidt-how-dare-you-gif-9263628 Viv is way too soon lmao Sexy Your parents will think that you are heterosexual Whaaaat But Drew We havea 5 babies together What am I supposed to tell them? Huh? I married bitch But she's my bitch Y'all go see the royal family tree Elizabeth and Philip are a married couple and cousins No hon Not Poppy Exactly Poppy no Me with Loki Odin worst father of the century Ew I never wanted to punch a fictional character so bad Poppy bad Poppy and Vanessa are the same But y'all simp poppy cause she's hot .img uhaul Well show me bitch Thank you babe, ily I'm lazy https://youtu.be/mbwUs1rnuQg No me diga que hacer puta @Arzaylea No the escucho, "boss" I need the whole story Mood Fellas My baby  How are you?? Sorry to hear so babe. If you wanna talk about it I'm always here Hii, how are you?? Thanks Firework! Babe take a painkiller Be careful tho. If you are tired, get some rest Good morning to everyone except to my shaky hands I managed to pour coffee over myself I'm not at home rn and thankfully I'm wearing a black sweatshirt so the stains aren't visible But man I smell like a coffee machine  The only silver lining in the whole situation lol I can give you my sweatshirt lol Be careful lmao My new enemy: cups Me rn 100% would have laughed lol I make this jokes to my friends too Nah, it takes way more to make me lose my appetite lmao If your income is low and you are under 14 years old you can have free braces here Yeah the US' healthcare system is really fucked up I heard you have to pay for a ride in the ambulance to go to the hospital Here you pay nothing. (Except if it's false alarm) Lmaooo   Meanwhile an entire family has to work to be able to give proper healthcare to one person in the family My American uncle had to go back to work in order to put away some money and cure himself. (His wife, brothers and son were working too) So sorry to hear so. No one should give up their medication due to money _cough_ capitalism _cough_ Rex orange good I know a few songs but they are good Take care Lu It's hand soap Love you too boo It smells good too Thank you for the ping king ily2 @azula try it Yeah boo Wash your hands lmao Mit I thought Tim was short for Timothy No it's short for Timmy Turner Bonk https://tenor.com/view/horny-jail-bonk-dog-hit-head-stop-being-horny-gif-17298755 No seggs Not in this Christian household The yakuza one? Has anyone watched food wars? Friendly tip: watch it with headphones. always Lmao yea My mom used to watch dragon ball with me when I was small Y'all just use TvTime It has both anime, movies and series One app for all TvTime has everything tho. Not just anime, but movies, series and also YouTube videos Viv TvTime too haha Sorry if I didn't make myself clear lol Yep I spent 3 months of my life watching TV lmao And this is just the ones I've been adding Since 2016 lol I did. If you wanna cry go on, watch it Lmao. By the name I thought it was going to be something funny. I wasn't emotionally ready HAHAHAH ok Babe It's 6 am, sorry :( I just woke up lmao https://tenor.com/view/junmyeon-exo-lip-bite-meme-junmyeon-lip-bite-gif-21192860 Who the fuck is the dude at the end of the gif? Forgive my ignorance That's how Kyo will look in my mind on from now on Babe I have things to do lmao. It's also normal to wake up early Have a good night  Try waking up early during summertime and we will see if you are still a morning person Bro I keep the shutters down Also I hate the birds outside my window. I'll a fight with them if it didn't make me look crazy Bye love Good luck Luu :hoopla: Just wanted to join y'all lmao Good luck Dunno if this is what you are supposed to say to someone. Pls correct me if I'm wrong :/ Americans go to sleep Really? I thought midnight https://tenor.com/view/understandable-have-nice-day-have-a-great-day-have-a-good-day-nice-gif-20850110 Slee Babe Condolences and congratulations It's both a gift and a curse The kid going places Sure a brothel Is this a threat?  Daddy- https://tenor.com/view/the-house-will-ferrell-its-so-hard-being-a-parent-gif-8225023 Me and my kid will discuss the things they see Because we are _that_ family Good night babe  It's ok, we can adopt you whenever you want Kid asleep and wife too https://tenor.com/view/ted-mosby-alone-bar-himym-gif-5390645 Look around Drew, you are all alone Join your fellow Americans and slee Me after the pandemic 24/7 Perdoname madre por mi vida loca https://tenor.com/view/are-you-talking-about-me-annie-murphy-alexis-alexis-rose-schitts-creek-gif-20255936 High school run were the worst tho Welcome @FraternalGemini :) I'm in tears. Amazing story and good story telling Hi Aaron nice to meet you!  I am an Aries and I think it shows Fire  Me at 16 Then I learned to stop my attitude Sheeeeeeesh @faede @margotmuses Bobby supremacy On the first time I played i chose Rocco Real clown shit I'm chaotic neutral Let the professionals handle it Twerk as a distraction Each time y'all bitches start with the foot measurement Can't you be normal america like all the others counties? Sheeeeesh Are you really 150 cm? https://tenor.com/view/eyebrow-raise-shrek-serious-gif-14262407 Thank you for putting the right metric system too https://tenor.com/view/theoffice-sueme-gif-5865938 Hey shortie Also you look lovely   I wish I were that wood Sebastian > Chris Drinking alone hits different tho :rulesffs: :prayge: Pls Love you @azula Take care babe :mewhensias: Did you just get it? Congratulations If you have a bit of fever feel nauseous and you feel your arm sore it's totally normal If you feel worse in a few hours try to contact your doctor and ask them what you can do about it. Should be nothing serious tho Best thing in those cases is to call your doctor since they know what medications you are on and can advise you Don't worry. The nurse who gave my vaccine was so nice and we talked a bit But how you do it? Bitch you didn't answer me I wanted to do a pick up line @Arzaylea I want a divorce All you had to do was say "oh do what?" And I would have said "how do you manage to be always hot:thinkingOK: " Thank you! THank you! Damn adding insult to the injury So I'm not even your first choice? Everyone who has access on the #nsfw-chat  knows that I do my wife duties I said what I said He thought he did something Damn babe that's deep :carlhands: Hypothetically if you were single I would flirt with you :carlhands: But hypothetically babe YES BABE THE CARL HANDS https://tenor.com/view/fuck-boy-tik-tok-true-pain-gif-20572105 Hypothetically Girl he's a clown HAHAHA He goes around tik tok wearing an orange suit I hypothetically could be an e-boy :carlhands: Can't we be the he he family? https://tenor.com/view/haha-mickael-jackson-queendugif-ahah-hehe-gif-13642339 He he he Lu is Billy Jean And Fae is the kid that has my eyes   You've been hit by You've been strike by That's a power couple move To end each other Sandwiches Nice name .img evan Peters Check if they removed it because it might not respect some rules :blobheart: Sleep babe :carlhands: hypothetically Try to contact the mods He ain't wrong tho I like how Rae is always writing but then deletes everything last moment Damn girl, let it all out I never went to Disneyland too Lmao i wanted to go there after i graduate Is it permanent? Oh, so sorry to hear so Viv. Hopefully you'll get better in the future. I trust modern medicine Love you babe:blobheart: Must be stressful Smiling all day to kids Genetics :pepeok: :icanseeintoursoul: Fam keep it in your pants Also my fave Disney princess is Jasmine :furrynut: Hi babyyy I had a crush on Aladin That's why I only attract drug dealers LMAO Aladin was on some shit for the whole movie :valid: What? You don't like it? Or you just don't like me? :furrynut: :furrynut: Jxjddnske I cut my hair No more Jasmine Aladdin was perfect. The rest was shit .img aladdin movie actor Ok, I take it back. Not perfect but cute IKR BITCH THEY DIDN'T NEED TO MAKE HIM THAT HOT So hot he ||burned to death|| Sir may I simp? That's my kid Still hot .img diego ice age Ultimate crush But ma'am he's fine :furrynut: And no btw It's because you are short .img mr Park parasite Why was he hot .img miss park NO .img miss park parasite Why they were both hot Power couple OK BUT .img Henry golding Uberbot made him dirty :flurshed: Ok but .img avan jogia YES YES Me and my mom simping for Beck We love to see this. No toxic masculinity was allowed Jade and Beck were hella toxic tho More like Jade to Beck Bitch it's the truth I used to simp Beck with Victoria No, Tori and Andre friendship was everything It's so fucking hard to put a genuine female-male friendship without making them become a couple later Ok but the "friend date" between Beck and Victoria? Eiskwbejd Tell me they didn't have chemistry They weren't good together Cute until it slowly sucks your energy Yes they do attract But they don't work One of the two is bound to change for the sake of the relationship YES My teen self basic my personality after Jade:  Foot fetish everywhere It was insane the amount of the feet shown in his shows But why did Drake became so ugly LMAO Boy aged like spoild milk  Kim possible They do look alike tho Uhm It's a really delicate argument Y'all are forgetting about Hannah Montana Not me and my friends doing tricks in the bathroom when we were kids :IDKher: My baby Ashhh :sad: :smiletears: :pinkheart: N9 it's not I'm super chill It's because I'm passionate about the things I do and care Nah bitch you ain't that important I'm risking big times I actually find 98% of the convo here funny Everything is in the right place. I'm italian, I'm an Aries (and tiger), I'm a fire side and I'm into politics Aren't we all tho Also I just noticed Drew moving pfp jahehdjkw Yip yip Lord and saviour Appa Chinese one @kyo https://tenor.com/view/oprah-eating-chew-chewing-gif-5037631 Viv in the house Live footage of viv when she does readings :chihuahua: :nervous: Me in the club :pls: Here you go Rash I got you fam Ily but I'm not reading this Does this make him Horseman :smiletears: From horsing around Did you post it correctly tho? :furrynut: hey mod, hypothetically may I ask for help? :carlhands: Babe tell me I have a reddit account Ask I post on r/choices and never encountered a problem Go to the sub, press the + button Did you put the correct flair? What is your name on reddit? What the fuck does that mean? My English is school level You did not just laugh at me, puta Girl @azula The post is there LMAO I saw your profile and I saw it It's ya fault You posted wrong Try to go the r/choice and post the pic Done babe I upvoted your post Nah fam Just upvoted like I put a like :wearyfire: Fellas is it :furrynut: :wearyfire: No wonder half of us are chaotic Guy I just did Y'all dumb or some shit As you can see I did it Bitch fuck you, ain't my fault you can't use a phone Not you having an attitude Or else? We are pretty normal drew The fuck you want us to do? Bitch I'm here I just commented on the post From my profile You fucktards And viv answered me From Viv profile @rashon24 should have joined our family You got way too comfortable with the names :eye: :eye: I posted a face claim once and nothing happened I have post with 1k thank you for asking I don't like to kiss and tell Love even before we were lovers :judgebobby: + diplomacy @faede did you like Bobby as a judge? Casa Amor was long It's the only reason to why I don't like replaying it lol .img carl love Island Hypothetically he was the best in casa amor But my clown ass likes Bobby way too much Seeeesh I'm taking my headphones and I'll join @rashon24 bish where you at? @azula hon I think you have ligma Wait i don't know this one NO But you didn't answer me :( First or second dose? 21 days for the Pfizer one Rest babe, you'll feel better later Vc today?  Can we make a crazy major reveal? Like the ones they do in America that result in natural disaster  :vibecat: good luck, hope you'll like it :vibecat: I didn't want to go to uni and it shows :chefkiss: Jackpot Bang Yeah baby, politics :sassynoah: :sassybobby: I'm sorry boo :hug_birdies: @faede Go Kyo :milkyfast: We are all with you :animatedheart: Me 2 Y'all making me feel old Small baby baby Look at her She's growing so fast https://tenor.com/view/laughing-crying-stress-tears-of-joy-gif-14770464 Why the fuck you can't do shit right https://tenor.com/view/laugh-cry-smile-laughing-so-beautiful-tears-gif-7424382 That's America's ass https://tenor.com/view/that-is-america-ass-captain-america-avengers-endgame-gif-14805594  Define ass I don't want my man to be a mountain I want to be able to stare at him Without hurting my neck The 4th one is always so funny Lmao when will men understand that periods aren't pee I'll play after dinner So the QB and ILB faces? Sheesh https://tenor.com/view/omg-oh-my-god-wow-gif-11411674 @kyo how did it go? @UB3R-B0T set alarm in 100 minutes Bitch do something Why you giving orders to my child? :blurryeyes: :emoji_56: Me to Viv :mattknife: https://tenor.com/view/dont-make-me-come-there-gif-5435191 Congratulations :blobdance: :crycat: Anywayyyy, congratulations and good luck! :LETSGO: Time will fly, trust me We refer to them as Eastern Europe But if I say, for example, "she comes from orient" I mean to say that she comes from Asia Easter Europe DNA test trace back 500 years, right? So you might have had someone from there a long time ago Near Russia, yep You might have Russian DNA Wait for it Not Northern With northen Europe you are referring to Norway, Sweden, Finland ect Don't worry babe, I got you Ily2 No homo Fellas is it gay to wash your face? https://tenor.com/view/robert-downey-jr-according-to-this-im-gay-sherlock-holmes-gif-8510164 Sorry to hear so. Are you taking any meds? He's sleeping Sleep Bitch is awake https://tenor.com/view/scream-queens-emma-roberts-chanel-oberline-good-morning-sluts-good-morning-gif-4879491 In today chapter of  _toxic masculinity_  Dr. @DaHomieDrew will clarify some aspects That's why you are Bootyful Night bestie :wearyfire: Bitch We needed you . Ssheeeeesh Rashon is the Avatar Why are you keeping track of his time? Reeeeeee https://youtu.be/EU52EWRZwUs Girl I use a shit ton of products Jk Just 4 Shampoo
Conditioner
Hair mask
Thermo protector spray I use sometimes oils and mousse Thank you for watching my vlog about my hair. Make sure to like and subscribe Ahair maskis a deep conditioning treatment that helps to heal damagedhair. They contain rich ingredients such as natural oils and lipids, in heavier concentrations than normal conditioners. You leave ahair maskin for an extended period of time, three minutes to overnight Resource Google cause my English is wacky today One day I'll show you my skin care routine But that day is not today I'm about to buy anti wrinkle products because I'm already 23 No, just the regular expression ones I move my eyebrows way too muchc https://tenor.com/view/emilia-clarke-flirty-gif-5676290 Me 24/7 I'm referring in italian, since it's my native language. Over here it doesn't have an offensive meaning Bitch I can really see myself having breakfast with you eating croissant and drinking cappuccino and talking about guys 8 in the morning Croissant with pistachios >>>> Yes queen Ily2 Bro we are in fucking loop The last three days are all the same lmao The last three days are all the same lmao What? No omg I was talking about my life Sheeesh :gun: Viv can do all the edits she wants And ill like all of them Good luck @ ! I hope everything works for you :pinkheart: Babe let's hope it ain't true Ily stay strong Pictures don't have a smell, Viv  look like a ||dick|| Now y'all see it too You are welcome  Jesus take the wheel :prayge: Are you asking me to drop myself somewhere else? My middle name is negative energy :payingformelunch: It's cool to learn about other's culture Can't say if it's creepy or not otherwise I'd be comparing and not trying to understand it That's cool People born 04/04/2004 https://tenor.com/view/real-gif-4390178 The baby ain't coming out until I say so BISH THIS July ? @azula AMERICA EXPLAIN @azula Fuck off My heart really went running Playing a dangerous game here _I am the danger_ She's a Kardashian Drop the full date bish Aren't you literally James Charles? Ily2 We ALL do Why did I sound like Victoria from that interview https://youtu.be/0ZLaINZFmew :carlhands: Hypothetically speaking kids at that age don'tunderstand much and since it ain't hurting their development and growth i see nothing wrong :carlhands: But we all been filmed by our family If internet were as popular 50 years ago we all would have been there It's part of the progress Exactly. Like in 50 years it would be normal to upload pics of your child doing basic shit I mean nowadays people post online videos of their children cussing, saying first words, walking and things like that Wasn't the kid with autism too? Yeah I was right And they deny children to gay couple, single people or sterile couples who don't fit the criteria That's something you'd name your fridge Traumatic to both him and the other kids tho It has always been hard What's this ace family ? Unpopular opinion since we talking about this but ||I'm against surrogate mother and all this concept since orphanage still exist and there are kids that do not have families. Let's take care of those who still don't have a house|| And please make the adoption system less complicated to make things easier I think there are a lot of factors playing here Teach sexual education from a young age do the adults of tomorrow take responsible choices before having kids It pains me when I see a young girl pregnant Yep. Would help to stem a lot of problems ||StD, teen pregnancy, birth control and responsibility|| You could spread awareness step by step Ok but sexual education is still important It's really the adults fault if some guys grow up with those non-existent issues If you teach your small boy about periods he ain't going to be any less male A kid told my sister it's impossible she has her period because she didn't have a children yet 2021 Parents have shown a lack of doing so, the government should intervene and make it mandatory for school to teach sex ed so future generations will be more ready. Easy Exactly. It also reduces StD We have the Vatican here. Try to imagine how hard it is to make sex ed mandatory even tho Italy is a secular state Thank you. My lexicon in English is a bit limited so it's always interesting to learn about knew ways I remembered a joke A girl realized that she had grown hair between her legs. She got worried and asked her mom about that hair.
Her mom calmly said, That part where the hair has grown is called Monkey, be proud that your monkey has grown hair. . the girl smiled.
At dinner, she told her sister, My monkey has grown hair.
Her sister smiled and said, Thats nothing, mine is already eating bananas." :sunglassesOK: I'm the drunk uncle no one wants to invite to BBQ but they end up inviting him because he's still family Where is the joke? I've been joke fished OK I GOT IT Give me my C2 in english Bitch are you saying that I'm intellectually and mentally enslaved It's yall language having one word for plural meanings We use gratis for free (monetary meaning) and libero for free in freedom Thank you, for coming to my Italian lesson. Tomorrow we will learn more things I translated the joke in the wrong way and that's why I didn't understand it at first Innint mate drink a bottle of wotah I have flashbacks from high school of my english teacher getting mad at me because I said fall instead of autumn I shape my accent after the movie/series I've watched lately Smartass hit himself @kyo I'm watching USA temptation Island So now I'm american In my case can't touch something that's not there:carlhands: Sorry to hear so fellas Ily you friendo I hope y'all will feel better and safe https://tenor.com/view/wazowski-mike-mike-sulivan-meme-monster-inc-gif-19634164 @rashon24 Why traumas and family reunion are always somehow connected It's 3 am :youlikeJAZZ: I'd be half dead if it weren't for the multivitamins Fellas :frog_hmm: Nah fam You must be an angel A star Stop underestimating yourself babe Pretty sure you sing and sleep like an angel SEE That's cute No, otherwise I'd snitch on myself Mine too. Scary shit Nah my dad watches a lot of action movies He's Rambo or some shit in his dreams At least I know where I got my weird side from Poor thing :/ Is he taking any meds? I know it's hard to convince elders to seek for help My mom has a habit of waking up at sunrise because that's the time my grandmother died 49 And my mom in her early twenties Yeah, never got to meet her. But hopefully my mom will meet my kids 50 mom and 60 dad Yours? That sounds weird lol Hi babee Omg bestie can you feel the weird generation age gap sometimes? I mean, that's pretty common America explain Why this Who comes up with those? SMH .ud dump truck ass Why am I thinking about moto moto tho? https://tenor.com/view/moto-moto-butt-madagascar2-gif-13749543 Ikr it's me and my daughter simping together Happy birthday  Happy Birthday  You can do this Lu! We are always here ready to support you babe :blobheart: :pinkheart: Congratulations Drew Harper Emery Why? What are you firmly grasping? :gun: :spider: God gave you two hands To grisp firmly something Can't wait xieiwocjwmr I want front row for the virtual wedding Gojo Satoru supremacy Thank you for coming to my ted talk :mood: @azula bitch move your lazy ass And watch it I found it dw I have my sources :sunglassesOK: But girl watch JJK I'm halfway. Forgive me rashon san I just had sushi for dinner and I feel like a pregnant woman Thank you so much, best friendo! Someone calls Jax We have a case of a needing girlfriend https://tenor.com/view/beast-titan-zeke-yeager-attack-on-titan-gif-20119952 I mean Every restaurant has to do with food :blurryeyes: May the 4th be with you Come back in 10 years for this joke lmao History > everything else Sheesh I like your Levi pfp I believe in Levi supremacy Onion coupon supremacy First black anime characters they did well May I introduce you to our new religion: Gojo Sotaru They did him well! Black characters in anime are sometimes made so badly they look like a caricature. Thankfully he's more than ok Hopefully the anime about the first (and only) black samurai will be good 7 espisodes from the end .img gojo satoru https://tenor.com/view/gojo-jujutsu-kaisen-gojo-jujutsu-gojo-eyes-sixth-eyes-gif-20535127 Jujutsu Kaisen Hey Please do. If you liked Kakashi from Naruto you WILL love him https://tenor.com/view/ah-i-see-as-well-man-of-culture-gif-13853630 OMG! Congratulations on both! :blobheart: I'll let you know when I finish it Kyo gives off Inumaki vibes I'll watch Tokyo Revengers after Also after the anime, I will read the manga of JJk https://tenor.com/view/culture-man-of-culture-cultured-gif-10903367 YES @rashon24 we have another fellow Gojo stan Guy has taste And good ones She is hot Would have left my number on your car windshields Or windscreen? Google translate gives me both, but i don't know which one is more correct Funny Dating apps create higher expectations Let's gooo I'm not a lesbian but I can learn You know I only have eyes for you "I'm with my girlfriend" and they be like "ok kiss" Ikr, the i have a bf doesn't work Especially if you go out in a group full of girls That time a dude asked if he can film my friend twerking and she said no and he still filmed I can silently watch It's almost midnight Uncle Kyo   I think 13/14 My cousin 17 years old Yep I'm still waiting for puberty to hit me Where is my glow up ma'am? https://tenor.com/view/finally-yes-celebration-happy-crying-gif-4562894 I'd die for you and I haven't meet you yet @faede Depends on what you eat too. If your food contains hormones those can affect your growth I hate waxing but it's the only right way to do things Poor thing Can you imagine telling your father you are pregnant? Like this is one of my biggest fear Mine want kids too but you are basically telling your parents that  your man  ||nutted in you|| I'd marry my best friend Omfg Viv pay attention Jk love https://tenor.com/view/segundo-sol-novela-remy-vladimir-brichta-chocado-gif-12304506 My parents would be pissed off about the vacation thing Like miss ma'am and mister papa Pap Papa is the pope S I LOVE IT WHEN YOU CALL ME BIG PA- PA The notorious B.I.G. And I call mom mamma I call my parents by their name when I'm joking with them I send my dad to buy me pads tbh Normalize talking about periods at home with brothers and dad I have acne breakouts due to  stress  Pads I did sports with pads and I hate to remember that period of life lmao A few friends of mine use the cup They aren't supposed to give you sexual pleasure lmao To the uterus and beyond HOW IS THIS NSFW I refuse Exactly We also didn't chose to have periods yet we suffer, and y'all can deal with it The pee comes out from another part @azula Look where the bladder goes Sorry babe, just making sure What about the mestrual Cup? Those thing scare me more than death I- Y M C A Bitch rude You interrupted me It's about viv Will you still do it tho? :spider: You put it up viv Search for video tutorials online It's easier that way lmao Papi Lulu @azula did you check the wikihow page? Yes to who Fae or me America explain https://tenor.com/view/callboys-op-vier-vier-vier-tv-gif-15198742 Yes Double caramel Shit better give me a heart attack :vibecat: :partytime: :milkyfast: YO Drew can share this and I can't talk about my periods here SMH It's the double standards for me @DaHomieDrew not you deleting proofs. I hate you Ratatouille is the name of the dish Good evening fellas https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-mocking-chicken-trending-meme-gif-8617355 Jk How are you guys? Why so late? :mmNo: we ALL do _- Victoria Justice_ Hi baby :blobheart: I bought a clock from IKEA and it doesn't work They are going to hear something from my lawyer tomorrow ~~For legal reason I want to clarify that this is a joke~~ My cousin is the main character After she divorced she spend a year in South America to "find herself" Definitely the non LIs ending lol PtR but make it at school The lesbian best friend that will provide her with amazing outfits Heyy "I never believed in love... before knowing you" Kamilah had lovers in the past Gaius being one of them too And that's a problem we are going to get through on the sequel Make some random ex pop up Just for the _spice_ You were the one who started that Punish yourself Happy national nurse day Lu! Thank you so much for your work and time :hug_birdies: You deserve all the love, gratitude and more! Viv is a forg Confirmed Am I a joke to you? Uh la la la @DaHomieDrew it's time @azula  ful Viv love :animatedheart: Babeee Ayo bestie :hug_birdies: Were you talking about superheroes?:shyduck: I want the from evil to hero back story Yes. To protect my loved ones Kamala Khan is one of my fave I just discovered her recently Reading fanfiction, loving Captain Marvel Me  Khamala Momma I'm in love with a criminal Uhm no Bad boys are insicure I like to sleep at night knowing my man is loyal Are we all witnessing our beloved nurse become a home wrecker? :sadpepe: Princess Cindarella was better @azula You changed again? :boo: Sorry to hear so, Lu. Try to take some painkillers and sleep. Hope you'll feel better soon I miss elementary school And they answer you with a "do I wanna know" And boom Arctic monkeys plays on background :yahoo: It's midnight and this clown still hasn't showered Fuck me and my laziness Saturday night rush Work hard, play hard Aw, thank you baby! You are the best child ever, I love you so much and I'll be there for you:animatedheart: Good evening fellas How are y'all doing? Good thanks! How is school? You can do it :blobheart: I thank the question answers itself Might join later Happy birthday @rashon24's mom.  Thank you miss ma'am for birthing my besto friendo :blobheart: Poor thing. Did no one tell him that he looks bad with that haircut? Go bald or go home He's the son of Lord Farquad and Megamind The hell is happening in the USA? Why people are filling so many tanks with gas? It's like the toilet paper hoarding all over again Good luck dealing with the ones that are filling so many tanks I- If I'm not wrong bisexual means someone attracted to female and males while pansxual means attracted to someone regardless of their gender (that includes non binary people, trans people ect) I might be wrong tho :/ @faede thank you so much for the clarification about bisexuality and pansexuality You are clever I usually put the pieces on the floor and scream for half an hour because I can't find the right piece Good luck Kyo the builder Thanks Loaf! I hope you'll have a great day  :) Hi babe Do you work today? If not try to relax and take it easy Sleep, watch something, take a bath or things like that Good evening Lu! Girl you'll survive and kick everyone's ass (metaphorically speaking, ofc) :carlhands: he he he hypothetically speaking I'm not done :carlhands: Yikes, drink a lot of coffee :weedcry: :weedcry2: :weedcry3: Sheesh America explain And repair pls Go girl you can do it! The sims 3 > the sims 4 It's my dad talking about me over the phone like I'm not even there :eye: :mouth: :eye: Sir I- Are you staying at home due to the injury?Also sorry to hear so, i hope you it's not serious :/ @kyo "Important one" as if I'm just some useless human Miss ma'am, I'm hurt I appeal to the fact that I live in the other side And it happened when I was sleeping ToDaYyyy Ikr @rashon24 I'm currently watching the last episodes of JJK. I'll text you once I'm done I swear I'm not doing it on purpose Hypothetically speaking I'll bug you later @rashon24 :carlhands: Here you go Sorry about your loss Ray! I hope your cat is in a better place https://youtu.be/x4fOdOZwGL0 @azula Lmao me too My tooth decided it's the right time to be hurt I wish I could punch my tooth but it would only hurt me more @Purplesim can't help but simp over your pfp whenever I see it It's Pictagram the one they use in the choices universe https://tenor.com/view/anime-manofculture-ah-isee-gif-8168732 https://tenor.com/view/anime-anime-glasses-stare-glasses-gif-15313333 Allow me to introduce myself It's a way for foreigners to make their food more comfortable an likeable to the residents It happens with italian food too. Some kind of Barilla sauce are made exclusively to the USA because they like that kind of sauce And I'm sure the sushi they serve here is not 100% authentic because not everyone might like it, so they try to combine the typical food of the place with the Japanese ones It's also a matter of availability. If a kind of fish is not present there they will have to make do. Otherwise the price will be higher and not everyone could afford it I'm just giving you a clarification on why they might use paste instead of fresh food Viv u lost Deez nuts She looks so peaceful @azula omg do you remember the name of phineas and ferb's sister? I'm serious Help a friend out Y'all what's her name? Candice dick fit in your mouth? Are you proud, besto friendo? Thank you so much, _brother_ Good Lu! Hi, it depends on the story ou want to play. Not every story gives you the chance to choose your gender Lmao, there are many games that let you play as a man. Don't be butthurt Ikr Do you fucking know the meaning? Here a person who dislikes, despises, or is strongly prejudiced against men. Also, if you think that the app is somehow hurting your feeling go remove it No one is forcing you to play Bitch stop trolling lmao He has never talked to a girl and it shows Don't spam pls Hit him Teach the kid how the world works For legal reasons I've never hit a kid Can you take painkillers? If so take them I'm a winter fan, but if I lived next the sea I'd choose summer I wear long coats during winter I like to wear kimonos during the summer I always need to wear something either a jacket, blazer, coat or kimono lol Damn right Where are you from? I get pretty much everything Sun, snow, rain, lighting anything lol And  occasional earthquakes  No, nothing cool tbh I have friends who lost their houses About 13 years ago there were a series of earthquakes here, where I live, so we all had some suitcases ready in case we needed to leave the house So, when there is an emergency we would usually wait for the janitors to send the alarms and then we begin the procedures for the emergency (get under the table, go out in order) and all the jazz. One time, when I was in Middle school, there was an earthquake but we had to wait till the alarm would sound, almost a minute passed and still no alarm. We looked out of the window and we found the janitors outside saving themselves and letting us all stay in school lmao :eye: :mouth: :eye: Send the alarm = pressing a fucking button They didn't have to do much Lmao the sims 3 was something else .img oh no anyway Fuck them kids What were you expecting to find honestly? :eye: :mouth: :eye: I don't hate kids, I hate their parents I'd like to have kids, but when I'm in my 30s Living my hoe life to the maximum It's ok to hate kids Not everyone has to like them ALSO LET'S NORMALIZE TELLING PEOPLE THEY PULLED OUT AN UGLY ASS BABY. Thank you for coming to my ted talk Some babies be 2 weeks with a 40 year old face My anxiety goes way up when they put a baby in my arms https://tenor.com/view/sweating-nervous-paranoid-gif-4974019 Me holding a baby I can imagine you like "oh no, anyway" Y'all don't know the real fear until you have to cut their nails An army of little Rashon Just a few weeks ago a woman in Morocco gave birth to 9 twins She's 25 and healthy, and they were under controll Enough with the baby talk Y'all drop your skin care routine Bestie it's 2021 you should use something FaceDetergent? Or other products too? Say what are those other products besto friendo, don't be shy https://i.imgflip.com/37bqks.png I'll just take notes Do you use the retinol serum by The Ordinary? What's a klondike bar? Ohh, I thought they were something like this https://opinioni.it/Uploads/Products/2431/Algida_Cucciolone_large.png Chocolate and mint :chefkiss: Pistachio > Caramel > everything else .img gelato con pistacchio :chefkiss: Trust me brother. Pistachio is the best thing ever. Goes with anything ^ Accept your defeat, Kyo They won fair and square Go get your money young man It's my mind refusing the idea that it's 2021 and not 2020 Oh, I don't want to scare you but my mom managed to be pregnant even tho she had it Hopefully it's nothing serious Stop walking barefooted .img ciabatte Look at this modern and innovative thing called slipper It's going to blow your mind and save your feet You can thank me later You can do it! Don't think about it rn. Finish this one first, worry about the other later Hey babe  How are you?? Wanna talk about it? Good thanks! Just had an exam this morning. A step closer to graduation Thanks babe Aw babe, sorry you had a nightmare like that, we would never forget you or ignore you!  I'm going to an escape room and dinner with my friends after. I'll be free around 11 pm Let me do the math for you In 8 hours Put a reminder so you will join us later babe  Isn't that america in general? Y'know with the whole patriotism? I have some :heresthemf: Wait till I get home :this_is_fine: Shrek so damn underrated They should teach it in school @rashon24 besto friendo you need to do like Yuji and watch a shitload of movies for a month Fae woke up and choose violence. We love that It's shrek boy, how haven't you seen it Not Kyo too Where is the culture in this server? Should make it a rule tbh Are you ok? I'm disappointed Out of all people That's my kid It is, trust me Good. Not too forced You could cut the  _sexual tension_  with a knife Nah go on Act like I haven't been here to whole time Changing the topic, huh? Sooo, went out with a couple of friends and one of them asked if it were a problem if she invited her bf who would bring a couple of friends. We went to the escape room - which btw i was 5 minutes away from killing someone because I'm competitive as hell in those kinds of things - and after that we went to drink and eat something and so one of the guys sits next to me and starts asking me a 1000 questions. Everything normal until he put his hand on my tight so I gave him a glare that said smth liks "boy if you don't", but of course he wouldn't remove it so I moved and crossed my legs. Did he stop? Of fucking course no. Anyway he starts to brag about his job, how he went to Ibiza two years ago and is trying to move to Spain. 
So my friend went to smoke a cigarette and I decided to go with her,and this morning follows us to smoke too and starts telling me about that I looked like his ex that cheated on him, that he wasn't looking for anything serious and I was like "you ok? I just got to know you".
Anyway in the end he was like asking if I'd be ok to see each other again, maybe alone, and i was like "uhm no thanks". 
That's it, not much tea tbh, i just raised your expectations for nothing. It's full of grammatical errors that I'm not going to correct Ew, would be like an invite to go the bathroom/car Teach me senpai Lmao, I used to keep a small knife in my sock especially when I went out at night It's boys misunderstanding my staring and judging at them with "bed eyes" Worst of all he didn't do his part during the escape room game. Was busy talking https://tenor.com/view/spanking-foghorn-hit-it-mad-gif-15162803 What i wanted to do @kyo how did your final go?? Thanks viv for including me  Dw babe, love you 2 I'll be free in a few (lot) of hours Like when we watched the movie yesterday is perfect for me Saw 4 I just met a famous singer lol Famous here in Italy Yeah, he sings about ||sex, drugs, big bootys, drip|| so yes spicy Yeah, more like trap Theh are all sub genre of hip hop in the end lol Nah it's cool haha I listen to it hype myself or to have fun with my friends Yes. In a hour I'll be there Gotta shower and have dinner first Ready to watch shrek I'll be in #music-lurkers chilling while y'all get ready @azula bitch where are you? Welcome back! No need to kidnapp. I'd do it in a heartbeat always babe @Arzaylea About 30% of all women have a retroverted uterus and only a few will have problems as a result. (about pregnacy) welcome Ash I like you Ash's pfp It does Do it Buy it Aww https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/019/241/enhanced-26298-1432220843-2.jpg It's me right now Waiting for my mom so we can go and have breakfast Madame mom I'm starving, pls move I actually love food shopping with my mom because she's paying for the ridiculous stuff I ask her Ohh, I understand Aka drink your damn water @azula bitch reminder that you too need to drink water Someone private messaged me on reddit asking for my help about interactive stories I- They want me to give them a feedback I read this as vulva Me I was confused and scared for you Mostly confused Sleep Cause chaos in a chaotic conversation https://tenor.com/view/culture-man-of-culture-cultured-gif-10903367 Where is the line? It's ok to be punished if you misbehaving @kyo bonk Hi I'm kids Are we watching shrek today? @rashon24 get yo ass here Shrunk Sher Sbeve https://i.pinimg.com/474x/ec/21/30/ec213082ca427dc46b31d19f3185d76d.jpg Deserves a punishment See @kyo? Nothing NSFW in this God already done it Therapy sessiom but make it like alcoholics anonymous YES PLS Hypothetically speaking Way too specific We have the same friend When I was 4 I pushed a girl and played victim Like I was crying and she did nothing to me Bitch shut up Give me the time to write A delicious Chinese guy apparently Enjoy babe Bonne apple tea Mom I'm scared It's like the whole "ask an adult" over again Pasta with calamari is to die for Or fried calamari Delicious https://www.tavolartegusto.it/wp/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Spaghetti-allo-scoglio-Ricetta-Spaghetti-allo-scoglio.jpg Spaghetti with seafood Just chef kisses I saw it in New Girl And it's so clever If I were a hooker I'd call myself like that Thank you for coming to my ted talk I'm proud @Arzaylea bitch join us with a cool name WHAT I was late Cmon Ok, but i didn't see it It's the seat belt all over again They are going to repon clubs but "no dancing allowed". Mister sir prime minister the fuck am I supposed to do? Still there would be the problem of gatherings Ikr. Just imagine going outside with your friends and music damn loud so you can't even talk but y'all standing there staring into each other eyes We still have the curfew too. I feel like Cindarella At home by 11 pm https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7d/DJ_Khaled_Suffering_from_Success.jpg Andromeda is also a nice galaxy and the daughter of the king Cepheus and Cassiopea AND https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/2/2f/ICDZ_Andromeda.PNG Gimme time bestie lmao I used to love Knights of the zodiac when I was little It's 25 C and I'm dying Celsius? Fahrenheit? Kelvin? Potatoes? Exlain I know lmao just kidding Since Kyo is not here Keep it SFW Go Drew Cool, can't wait to see it miss ma'am .ud raffle I'm missing the joke I hate y'all Someone explain Milk from Coffee and TV by Blur Merci beaucoup My last exam is the 16th of July And then my thesis and after that I have to choose a master degree https://tenor.com/view/sad-cry-crying-tears-broken-gif-15062040 Thanks @DaHomieDrew, good luck you too!  Is there a possibility you two could met? @kyo do you confirm? I can imagine Viv hunting down each one of you if she ever goes back to the USA I'll cheer on you from the other side of the ocean lmao Yes, your honor  Yeah, most medicine students have lessons in the hospital since there are classroom. So they are ready Exactly I think is the best way too learn Cool Did I ever tell you that some of my lessons were in an ex prison? Now you guys know Thank you for coming to my ted talk Btw there is a small chance I might go to the USA for month If it happens, I'll stay at my uncle's house in Philadelphia If it happens, I have to see you and Lu even for just a few hours :Bbay: @Arzaylea We making plans Yes Are you from there? Haha, if everything goes to plan I might stay 3 weeks/ one month. Either December or January I'll drive my uncle's car We have to go to the casino Lmao I dunno why but before today I always thought that Boston was near Seattle Ohh about what? If you translate small phrases you should be fine Me excited for summer, planning where to go and what to do. 
The 5.00 watching me from my bank account: :LMFAOdead: Fuck you :LMFAOdead: The fuck today discord is mad at me I thought we were friends https://i.imgflip.com/4uphpk.png Me to discord ANYWAY Is there some alcoholic anonymous for people who spend a shitload of money for stupid things? Asking for a friend Good luck bave! We know you are the best I can't write today The fuck is bave Bitch we know we amazing Happy pride month babes :lgbt_heart_sparkly: I love y'all @azula send the pic here i wanna see it closer Depends where is it and how big is it How big? Left or right? If left and not so big you can hide it with a big ass wrist watch Not everyone has the privilege to have understanding parents tho. Maybe that's why Kyo wants to hide it One of my friends was way too shy to talk to a guy she likes, so I was literally describing alla her qualities to this dude. I felt like a pimp. And I like it. I'm a good wingwoman lol _castaways, we are castaways ahoy there ahoy_ Yeah, no one really cares anymore Or just fuck the system and go to the job interview with long sleeves It's not Kyo anymore It's      The old Kyo can't come to the phone right now  He's wearing a mask Don't think they would notice it Whaaaaaaaa Alex play masks off Is your vaccine campaign going that good? Money According to who? Are they trying to reach heard immunity? Because it's way too soon Can you show us the final result or it's still wrapped? You are going to be their new favourite topic during family gatherings Kyo's tattoo is going to be next pfp of those gc Show us Amazing At least now she knows and you don't have to find excuses or ways to hide it. She'll deal with it anyway Also lmao what are they gonna do about it? Remove it? They need to chill. Eventually they will get use to it It's like my dad when I got my nose piercing and he realised it was "real" after 5 months. He was shocked for 2 minutes and moved on Exactly lmao You are hot  Fae supremacy Get your piercings and tattoos babe I live for that Thank you your honor for notifying us. We will be ready Nah We are not doing this today You just got a tattoo, be happy No other emotions are allowed _Chlamydia_ I. Said. Today. We. Happy.  _and I say uhh I'm blinded by the liiiiGHtsss_ https://tenor.com/view/lil-ye-the-weeknd-blinding-lights-dance-dancing-gif-16952296 Might? Dude it was everywhere last year No I mean, you couldn't escape it here. It was literally everywhere lol Mood Me coming home drunk trying not to make a sound Me drunk  Fae peeing. Meeting at 3am .img multiple spiderman point at each other Us in a nutshell at 3am Uhh papi  Lemme see you  I'd be too excited and accidentally snitch myself Syay safe lol Does this only apply to asian immigrant's children or also back in your homeland? I don't know if you understood my question the way I put it lol Nah, they can't brag if you don't give your parents a reason to do so. I preserve their humbleness by failing in life :pleb: For legal reason that's a joke Keep up drew He's the father Or step father I am confusion Ah fuck you are Lu's uncle Miss ma'am got taste Fuck u spotify It doesn't show up to me because my app is modded But I'm curious so I'll download the official one Yep Unlimited skips News, garage rock and brit pop Search for "spotify mod apk" I out Was I was out Yep https://stayhipp.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Untitled-5.jpg I- Rashon clearly knows how to save his ass Get well soon. Sorry to hear so :/ @Rayvenrock David not only is hot but is a Man with capitol M A king Happy birthday! @FraternalGemini  Get your money sis Bless your heart I hope you'll become filthy rich Started from the bottom now we here Good evening fellas How is everyone? Good thx. How is work/uni going? nice Good luck y'all Should be interesting What's the name of the book? Good you're enjoying it Will make it easy for you to finish it I love you too babe You can do it babe! Just make sure to take breaks to let your eyes rest a bit Eat https://tenor.com/view/gun-gif-4564141 .img momo blackpink What what Moto moto :furrynut: @DaHomieDrew look who's back One reaction and I'll punch someone Good Lmao thank you babe @faede I was already reacting myself lmao Did y'all watch shrek 2? I both feel betrayed and happy for you 2 was the best out of the 3 movies imo I need a HEEEEROOOO Nah, dont worry That's a huge character development From ignoring Shrek to actually liking it I'm proud besto friendo I think he's a bit too white to be Bryce. Bryce's from the Hawaii. But I might be wrong tho :/ Fellas Exblain What's a deepslate ? .ud deepslate Ohhh Thanks A race against the cock https://tenor.com/view/cock-gif-18155178 That's the chicken version of moto moto I'm so sleepy Send help Sheesh no need to call me out Thank u babe  Who the fuck is jenny? Also thank you @faede for giving us your opinion and ideas. Ily babe It's me I shared wife with a shitload of people @rashon24 _our wife_ Babe if I were in the Philippines I'd the same for you Wanna bang? Oh no I'll delete Miss ma'am I'm sorry for letting you dowm I feel like I disappointed a parent Pinky winky :carlhands: I just wanted to say That Viv is a queen And she wants everyone to know it And everyone should know it I saw it Nice ass gang I'll wear jasmin and wife you up Just one? lol Viv has heart eyes Y'all moana was a famous pornstar here So each time I'm like :ch_OHSHIT: Too fucking hot I'm melting UHM @rashon24 the fuck you doing in my city? Mr. Worldwide Rude Step on me miss Choke me papi chulo She's a runner She's  a track star Bon apple thee babe Bbq And spicy Where is the   _spice_  ? Ayo, I'm at my 5th mental breakdown of the week. And it's only Tuesday :smiletears: Good morning my sweet baby :blobheart: Im gonna say this but I find Beyonc overrated I'm scared for life .img tortelli con erbetta It is Pasta filled with ricotta and spinach Yes! Add parmesan cheese and olive oil on top Me too! I like to bake sweet things Cheesecake with pistachios! You should try it I have an unhealthy relationship with pistachios. I love it so much lmao yeeeees The total drama server but for confessions only lmao LMAO https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/total-roleplay-drama/images/3/3e/Confessional_Background.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150420073802 no wait Good luck babe Keep us updated Why? Hahah I can't waiiit Is Kyozaii your irl name? Sounds cool Still cool Ahhh i see you are a man of culture as well I was born the XXV - III -MCMXCVIII I wonder what Drew could be... mhhh... maybe.... it's so hard.... yet so original.... That's what happens when you sell your users informations and put random censorship over activists Wanna talk about it? We love you babe How many hours till your shift ends? Oh good good Stay strong babe It's me realising that the curfew has been lifted 2 days ago :daclub: Clubs are still closed (yes drinking, but no dancing lmao) I hope u never have to go through a mental breakdown. I love you, take care babe  With loud ass music, lighting and smoke. But no dancing :pensivebread: Ikr But I'd rather be able to go dancing in a safe environment and not having to worry about COVID I'll wait do it. worst case scenario you don't like them. Hair will grow again I 100% understand where you are coming from and I'm sorry you had to deal with this while growing up. I'm glad you are opening up, please don't force yourself and take all the time you need when doing so I love you too! You are one strong badass woman I hope one day you'll feel comfortable with yourself and learn to deal with negative emotions in a healthy way. It's hard but you can defo do it I know it might sound cheesy but emotions are what makes humans a beautiful creature https://www.ted.com/talks/tiffany_watt_smith_the_history_of_human_emotions Pay me I need money Don't encourage her Pay me and I'll do them Y'all hate working women I'm trying to get paid here Jesus is a perv That's what you need to know For legal reasons I was joking Miss ma'am trying to be loyal and professional I love u even more Why y'all homework are funny? I have to study 600+ pages for a 15 minutes oral exam I once had an exam and studied for a month 2 books (one 300 pages and the other 500) and the professor really had the balls to ask me just 2 questions. I was mad but it went well in the end That's 98% of my oral exams I really hate this system cause at the end of the day it's not hard work but luck that matters. You could literally skip chapters and be lucky enough to get questions about the only things you studied I know, trust me. Doesn't matter the efforts you put into things, if you are lucky you can go whenever you want Quick What do y'all do when you can't focus? I hate myself rn. I thought I was some Einstein shit copy and I've been preparing an exam in 2 days Lmao, I'll probably try it tomorrow and if I fail I'll do it next time Quando vuoi! (Anytime!) It's my friend complaining about her managers asking her to do overtime and she feels bad to say no but on the meantime she keeps complaining about not having free time. I'm over here telling her to just say no? What they gonna do? Fire you? Lmao Make me proud and chose wisely Yes pls. Tiramis so good .img torta caprese Delicious Caprese cake Oh, was it good? Why? Its always nice SUVs that get the worst treatments I'm ENTP I do like being with others and I enjoy some alone time too I feel like I'm both introvert and extrovert and not just one in particular Do the 3 months free one I hope it's not something serious @DaHomieDrew! Good luck and tell your mom to rest Yeah might be just flu. Do you or any of your other family members have symptoms? ^ Don't worry much Drew, ily Good luck! Do you know when the results will be ready? Bae i miss u too Bara means coffin in italian De nada Is that Pedro Pascal? I'm pissed and it's not even my money Beat the shit out of the snitch Snitches get stitches Unleash your inner Godzilla on them Ludzilla Hey friends How are youm *? Im chris Hi viv im dad :cooldown: some holy water :cooldown: Im only a dad not a daddy That thing is chaotic m!hug @faede Ill give u endless hugs :blobheart: Ohh Bond the ape tee Send pics tho Glad I'm the number one in something Enjoy babeeee! I was a Gojo stan at the beginning but somehow I turned into a Sukuna stan Ikr https://i.pinimg.com/originals/fb/8c/35/fb8c35e78033fc8e441e0a7bf02eb19f.jpg If bad why so hot? Maki Miss ma'am can crush my bones and I'd thank her Mei mei so hot tho Nope. I'm reading JJK manga and will start Tokyo Revengers' anime Might start CSM after lol Once I find time:smiletears: Is it short? Ofc :blobheart: Fellas Bestie :blobheart: How are you guys?? Fine thanks! Any news? Ayo Saturday's gonna be lit *Sunday Both my wallet and liver aren't ready ^^^ Italy has to win Sunday babe, sunday AYO Its coming ROME Si Just noticed your Gojo pfp https://tenor.com/view/culture-man-of-culture-cultured-gif-10903367 @rashon24 We have a fellow stan here Sukuna > Gojo It's weird to simp on him cause he's just an upgraded version of Itadori Levi supremacy Wait till you see Toji Y E S They didn't have to make him so hot They didn't have to make anyone that hot  lmao || Toji > Megumi || Miss Maki can break my bones whenever she wants Mei Mei Miss step on me pls .img mei mei Good evening fellas Good evening babeeeee, how are you? I just watched Luca Soooo good @azula queen you were right it's a good movie I'll physically fight (and make sure to hurt) whoever tries to bully Viv @azula queen Good luck hon! :blobheart: Fellas What you see through the peephole Omg @oge? Welcome back! (I used to be 2-D) Still working at that fast food? How is uni so far? You liking it? Oh wow, didn't know they made that much. Good luck anyways! Hope you like it https://tenor.com/view/sweating-nervous-paranoid-gif-4974019 Haha hope not everything's new My bad! I clicked because I was curious and reopened it I'm an Alpha I'll see myself out @Arzaylea confirm plz We like to take turns Lu's turn to be bottom and it's butthurt I'm just angry I'm way too strong for her She can't handle me I'm literally digging my own grave I'll watch my back like someone who intentionally dropped the soap in the shower prison Yes We talking about clothes duh top and bottom Bunk bed suck Always the top one tho Thats why you choose top Both yo mama are tops We did not raise a bottom Jk love you Fae From the _bottom_ of my heart Ikr Crystal clear boss Bonk Bonked Oops I did it again I know how to move in the dark Peepee poopo A yes A fellow clown @Arzaylea queen clown It's missing something Here  As it should Damn thats crazy Good luck Good luck babe Good luck love American friends today I tried burritos for the first time Im so full i might explode. How do people have burrito for breakfast? Are they still burritos tho? So good. It matched my expectations Yes Now I understand all the hype about burritos But I was already full after half burrito Yes. Each time is a disaster since i don't know how to eat it lol Bitch give us some of yours That's something Jesus would say https://tenor.com/view/oh-yeah-jesus-walk-in-strut-entrance-gif-15562229 Lu as Jesus Without the beard and with much more ass :wearyfire: :wearyfire: :wearyfire: Happy birthday bestie!   @DaHomieDrew it's going to be the astrology bitch we didn't know we needed Who is he? :eye: :mouth: :eye: Was he purposely doing it or did he have serious problems? Oh god Queen :ch_vip: https://tenor.com/view/michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-michael-jackson-gif-5159848 Alana can break every single bone of my body whenever she wants @Arzaylea bitch go vote for Alana .img alana choices :elmofire: Alana supremacy :elmofire: Pb don't be fucking cowards and let us have more poly relationships The beauty of PB is that they aren't pushing the poly thing down your throat Jolyne theme song >>> To whoever made this I want to ask: can they fight? No March https://tenor.com/view/dwight-theoffice-identitytheft-not-a-joke-gif-4948829 Y'all can say whatever you want but deep down we all know march is the best month Whatever Can't wait to wear jackets again Too hot but not hot enough to swim anywhere This means summer officially ended Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk. See you next week when I'll complain about how cold it's outside It's never too late to delete this https://tenor.com/view/movie-split-james-mc-avoy-break-glass-gif-16912584 The whole situation reminds me of Split Sup Hi Drew!  Good thanks! Yeah, kinda busy lol. What about you?? Time to redecorat it as you want Good good, where are you going? The fault line looks like usa's ass crack  Best doggo Each time I see a pomeranian dog I think about it They are so fluffly Same old shiiiit. Studying, working and studying again and will probably start my masters in march in another city so kinda looking forward to it Is that a frog in your name? @azula I had chinese dumplings for dinner and I look 6 months pregnant @faede be ready for a new sibling Somebody's shaking You will always be my favourite :forgheart: Squid game is a mix of saw movies and escape room But I'll defo watch it once I have time @Arzaylea  i watch squid game for the plot
the plot: https://1739752386.rsc.cdn77.org/data/images/full/247529/wi-ha-joon.jpg?w=900 ikr your age is showing boomer When I went to renew my ID card (mind you it happened in august) the bitch had the audicity to ask me if I were a minor bitch cant u read i was born in the ,90s 167 cm It's not that tall How tall are you? https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/744/400/8d2.jpg Babe I can give you extra cm my memory shorter than you  how tall are you? I want to be 175 Megan Thee Stallion is 178 Mommy? Sorry... mommy? Sorry mommy @Arzaylea gonna drop you for anyone between 185 and 190 Nah babe, im not into titans. 3m is a small titan Too much Yeti? Whats your ideal height? Bitch you just said that 190 is a yeti Give some love to tall women Your jealousy is showing Americans stop using inch use the cm, join the whole fucking world dont be weird Thank you. Gracias. Grazie. Merci. Y'all do weird things like "oh its as big as three football fields" One hamburger per gun Pew pew Soccer is the right way Dunno im italian lmao Calcio We call it calcio Bitch did you think i was lying? The audicity to use usban dictionary in front of me Fuck of Offfff Ew use again that sowwy and ill block you Golf aint a sport He loves me, he gives all his moneey my sugar daddy Yes Cheering and jumping is a sport Not throwing small balls across a field We dont do it here Its an american thing Back to it Again and again Really surprised how americais one of the strongest states out there Bitch u aint even white Third state with a gucci belt Thats USA https://tenor.com/view/swords-flynn-rider-rapunzel-cornered-gif-8743512 Y'all cant even agree on something and pretend to be the best nation Clown shit If they block my discord account you know why Peeepe poopi Kids under 5'1 cant speak I made it easy for the usa guys See doge? LU ha Shes under that Do they give you kids menu at the resturant? Oh you must eat for free I still eat the happy meal The fuck they gonna do? Stop me? Age is just a number It doesnt exist here Thats the most american thing Fighting over burgers I love yall Pls never change REMINDER LU DOESNT USE THE SEATBELT Shame girl, you are a nurse you should be more careful Girl u cant save my life if you are constantly rising yours Capitalism sucks everyone https://tenor.com/view/thes-simpsons-lenin-crush-capitalism-funny-gif-5488019 Im in your life thats why its fine Thank me later babe Drew get with the topic We already moved om LMAO bye Thats my child Im crying happy tears Creepy I hate it My bad, didnt mean it Do y'all have facebook/insta/whatsapp down too? Apparently its been an hour I just realised they were down Windows wants to buy it Dunno if they agreed on soemthing tho Cash rules everything around soooo Good luck Lu! Item for item trading its kinda a double edged sword like what if you need something but have nothing to trade it with or what you own its not very valuable so thats kinda why its outdated Whatsapp still doesnt work  Lmaooo It runs in the family Thats it, ill stop literal translation of italian sayings https://hotinsocialmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/09-250x300.png Me rn Love you babe You always understand the assignment Im more sad about whatsapp tbh The bitchass zuckerbark shouldnt have bought it I never said i wasnt crazy Nah, i had to remove it Sorry to hear so Fae, hope he will get better soon :% *:/ We are here if you need anything babe Tik tok is starting to become an addiction Its vine all over again I spend 3 hours on tik tok the other day My fyp is way too funny Both trash tbh Its all fun and games until you try to sleep and all tik tok audios start to play in your head or you start to randomly scream "berries and cream" Stopped short after instagram introduced the stories mode Now dance with me BERRIES AND CREAM, IM A LAD WHO LIKES BERRIES AND CREAM I love the audio thay goes like "What are we talking about? _what are we talking about?_" Dunno if it happened there too but a few years ago people were going around saying that Talking Angela was spying on them and a bunch of parents wanted the app gone from the play store but it turned out to be fake 2014 maybe? Lmao 7 years ago Why it feels 2 years ago I loved vine Thats why i like tik tok I swear some tik toks are as good as vine. Give it a proper try Its been 5 hours Zuckbark do smth Yes Me being busy all day and finally happy to open my social media only to discover everything is down Thank you Dwight Micheal will aprecciate it just give me insta and whatsapp u can keep fb I was still young Ok but since y'all were talking about Squid game Can we all agree the fine mf going around slapping people in the first episode is by far the best looking one on the show? (Im on ep 3, no spoilers pls) Sir could slap me and I'd be the one paying him to do so ^^^^^ I really hope they show him more I need more lmaooo Thirst aside, it's a saw movie + escape room. Nothing new so far Yeah Reviews were a bit overrated Yep. Its good, ill admit but nothing expectional Hope Netflix doesnt make a thousand season lmao Out of it Ill pay him to slap me If his name is Sangwoo dont trust that bitch. Squid game  Killing Stalking Exactly I both hate him but dang he's so fucking hot If bad why so sexy?  fan service  Ngl still thinking about the slapping dude He really came 5 minutes into the show but lives in my mind for ever Slap the living shit out of me I still need fo watch train to busan Ill watch it as soon as possible bestie dw Im at episode 6 of Squid Game btw Ofc ping me when you do so, and if Im awake will defo watch it with u You mean things will get even more emotional in ep 7? Ijdndeijrks Fuck sangwoo. But also _fuck sangwoo_ The killing stalking one was hot but ngl I never ended thr manhwa since it was so cursed I'd have been one of the bitches in Sangwoo's basement Sangwoo is so fine but he's fucking crazy He looks so much like Jean from AoT Why chose when you can have both? /j Which one? Neither the Lord could fix them I just watched the last ep of squid game can i just say that || the mf 456 will do anything, literally anything EXCEPT being a good father. I was so mad when he turned around || Mom come pick me up, my youtube algorithm is once again weird Ima point out 2 things: first, this is part 3, that means that there were part 1 and part 2. And second is why? What did i ever do to you youtube? Ill do the sacrifice and watch it for y'all No i cant do it Its growiling like a dog https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/031/858/ourexpectations.jpg Me at the video 100% cringed but i felt first, second and third hand embarrassment Pls the first 5 seconds are literally a person snoring Nah I dont like sharing my possessive dominant boyfriend, especially in the middle of a steamy make out session after an argument Fae supremacy Should've placed bets on which squirrel would win I woke up and the first thing my nind screamed was "Berries and cream, im a little lad who loves berries and cream" ADELE IS DROPPING AN ALBUM ON NOV 19 Im gonna faint crying and shaking and screaming and throwing up You dont understand I need it GIVE IT TO ME JUST GIVE IT TO ME I have something to live for until the 19 nov Ima going to buy 3 eyeliner tubes and fake eye lashes Joy for me is both Adele and Stromae releasing songs in the same week after years And Coldplay's new album too True I bought tickets for a concert but its been pushed back for 6 months At least your artist comes to your country. They either  skip  Italy or have just one date The ugliest past of having just one date is the fact that if the artist is well known tickets will go sold out in 5 minutes (When Eminem came here they were sold out in 7 minutes and people reselling them online for over 400) His mind was probably "what are we talking about? _what are we talking about_" This reminds me if that time I was talking with a guy and he had a piercing on his nape and, without thinking I asked do you have other piercings? He was super red and i think he misunderstood my question , but I meant it in a genuine way Ah yes no, i said "do you have piercings in other places?" Im blinded by the lights We evolved Thats why we cant stand the light. Our eyes see better in the dark And other bullshits Ill cry and start shaking if frogs invaded my dreams Ive got a cold 'cause 3 days ago i didnt dry properly my hair And went out I feel like shit and i dont like it lmao Thank you for coming to my ted talk where all i do is complain Easy but nice and low cost costumes for halloween Help me friendssss https://tenor.com/view/brotherhood-thank-you-sorcery-fight-gif-21025139 Im already that everyday I could go as a clown too since im also that Real clown shit I want to convince my friend to go as Donnie Darko and the Bunny but we both broke af and the costumes on amazon cost a lot Update that nobody asked for: i still dont know what to be for halloween Ill just go as a hoe Ayo today a 7 years old told him im short (im avarage) and i wanted to cry Normalize bullying kids, i cant fucking take it anymore Next kid to tell mr something ill make it cry Yes For legal reason I want to say Id never hurt a kid Hi FBI agent, if you are reading this im not being serious, bye thanks love xx lol Best feeling is when kids are running in stores (or public places in general) and they hit somewhere, falling and crying Best sound for my ears Tbh its all the parents fault They be watching their kids run everywhere and say nothing I hate that If you are in a public space behave and respect others As I said, its the parents fault. If you dont teach them how to behave of course they will be menace once they get out of the house Girl I wanted to cry. Worst part? His fucking mom was even shorter than me Headbutt their stomach so they kneel They should know how to talk to a Queen I wanna throw up To whoever made this: I hope both sides of your pillow are always fucking hot I cant with y'all You dont deserve lasagne @FraternalGemini thank you man, i feel like you are one of the few people here who loves and respect italian cuisine Its actually super easy Everyone loves italian food.cause its actually super simple Day 654 as a single, today a stranger looked at me for 4 seconds and I could hear wedding bells in my head LMAO Dead LMAO The other day I fell in love with 5 guys just because they smiled at me Yes, if you make eye contact with me its over. My brain starts thinking about our future house, children, and even fights But you sound like james charles Id be a menace if i had your voice Id call every store and restaurant and tell them im james charles im coming to eat Or shit like that @Metta did you just use a pfp with Sam's eyes being black? I cant lmao Thats what i be thinking when they write "his eyes darkening" or sum shit LMAO  Identity thief is not a joke Metta, millions of family suffer every year Micheal! You ruin in it You just ruin in it https://youtu.be/K1uNqO5oauQ Sheesh Lmao, what about closing your eyes and biting your lower lip? Are you ok with that? lol Sorry about that babe Drink something hot for your throat Hey Thanks wife I'll love you till death do us apart WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT ROLLING DOWN IN THE DEEP END .img princess kaguya Oh wow helpful Lollipop Buy it Dont be a leech Understandable Have a good day I'm already wearing ones Cant u see @azula  babe have you seen weathering with you? I didn't like it The ending tho Animation and everything else was 10/10 Plot meh The art was superb Might be the best one Dont be sad weiss I'm sorry but with a pfp like yours its difficult Share with the class 10/10 Cant wait for the Christmas edition of the wombat Fellas Good night Goodnight to everyone Goodbye my lover Goodbye my friend Bro you go to church? Arent you atheist? Oh my bad I thought u werent that religious tho Question, dont take it wrong but whats the point tho? What are the religious aspect you follow so? Beside going to church Im curious btw, dont feel judged or anything We were civil tho I read brass as bass and I was getting excited Sheesh I had mochi for the first time Coconut mochi They were gummy on the outside with a small ice cream ball on the inside I thought it was supposed to be something gummy and i wasnt prepared for the ice cream part Will 100% eat the again And thats all from your friend Andromeda Agree @Arzaylea bestie go check your eyes with a specialist Ayyy black friday is around the corner and I have 6 in my bank account Dont remind me pls. I still need to make a list. Im opening an only fans account to pay off christmas gifts Ok but I witnessed something similar the other day too LMAO. So it was around 6 pm and I went to buy something  quick for dinner and the place was pretty much empty, I go to where the fresh bread is and there is a line specifically to get the last batch of fresh baked baguette of the day and in front of me there wrre 2 people. Im the 3rd one and scrolling my phone while waiting, till I hear the guy in front of me cussing. There werent enough baguettes for everyone so the baker (kinda) tells everyone to get 1 or 2 baguette so everyone could get at least one and the guy in front of me I swear was going ape shit because he wanted 5 baguettes Forgot to add that a queue eventually formed Thats why he was mad Like we were 7 people Im sure he was in no negotiation mood Its funny to see people fight in supermarket Nah kids are worst I love when kids throw tantrums because mommy said no Fun fact: I used to be that kind of kid too This should explain why Im like that lol I was the crying kid on the airplane Fight I hope you dream of an army of Barties, Metta  Me: old people deserve respect. || https://tenor.com/view/slap-smack-punch-fight-punching-gif-13015973 || ||Also me when I see that asshole from Squid game.|| Fuck off discords I cant type shit without it sending Im not finished yet Lemme spoiler tag everything first Done But still fuck you discord Is Discord Sam? Should I send my nanny application to the CEO of discord? Nah but what if Jezz Bezos acted like Sam thoo Jeff Im not even going to correct myself at this point Goodnight fellas Me to Lu: wear your seat belt! Also me when im driving: putting sunscreen, lip balm, searching for sunglasses and vibing with the music The sun got me acting up Been two weeks of either rain or fog Either give me sun or snow (or both). I hate when the fog lasts for more than 2 days Im betting 10  mine gonna be either Matt Maltese or Steve Lacy The unhealthy amount of times I've listened to Dark Red by Steve Lacy is concerning Yes purple Thank you miss No worries babe, it wouldnt have been an issue if it were sarcastic lol Who is this bitch called Earth? And why does she want to collide with mr Seeing my man @rashon24 back was highlight of the week  Dont disappear again tho Happy birthday besto friendo  :forgheart: What do you do in this class? Im crying seeing all those festivals and concerts that are going to take place in 2022. But im  _broke_  Im still mad Katara and Zuko didnt end togheter Enemies to lovers? Opposite attract? Fire and water? HELLO! We were robbed Ngl i thought that too when I was younger Still young What the dog doin At least y'all stopped My cat's friend has seen enough. Poor thing No, my friend's cat English go bye bye https://tenor.com/view/kendo-shinai-bonk-doge-horny-gif-20995284 Bing bong Whats up baby? Take me out to dinner Btw Prison Mike best Mike My favourite episode it the one where they have dinner at Micheal and Jen's house It has the right amount of awkward moments. And each second is golden Petition to abolish sundays I cant live with the sunday evening anxiety anymore lmao Fellas How are you?? Merry late christmas friends Its been such an ass year cant wait to write 2022 instead of 2021 Nothing to be thankful for nor anything memorable happened I already fucked up. Hope 2023 will be better lmao Thanks bestie Oh btw happy new year everyone Stay safe y'all Material girl  Stay safe Drew! I hope it turns out to be a false alarm Isnt it new? In that case you can take it back and they will repair it for free (dunno if in the US works like that tho) Did it happen 3 times as in today or in general? I'd take it back Maybe they will fix it quickly and its nothing serious Agreed Cant leave everything to you Stay strong Lu As the older sister I understand you 100% Tik tok burned my brain How much is a gallon? Sorry as in liters Thats still less than here tho. Its 1.669 per liter (one of the cheapest) This, "rasputin" and "sunny" are my fave by them Material girl  Ill ship a sugar daddy Bet  This is good because i cant read https://tenor.com/view/jazz-transformers-gif-8809314 Me to Lu Master Lu whatever you want mama Love your brother for having your back Why is it staring at us like that? It's flipping us. Look at its finger (??) Happy birthday to my amazing wife! Beautiful inside and outside. I hope great things come to your way, you deserve all the happiness and good things in this life. Love you to the moon and back NAH FAM IM NOT DONE This mf send half message A gift, duh? The t is silent I am no longer going to correct my typos https://tenor.com/view/jorma-taccone-akiva-schaffer-andy-samberg-the-lonely-island-whatcha-say-gif-14317223 Happy chinese new year besties Hear me out Hot milk + honey cheerios Im sorry little one About the announcement Where is my toxic ass bachelor? What is this prince charming, cool guy and husband material thing? I DONT WANT PEACE I WANT PROBLEMS, ALWAYS https://tenor.com/view/credit-card-smacking-credit-card-on-table-gif-21340324 https://tenor.com/view/culture-man-of-culture-cultured-gif-10903367 Im not mad Thomas won YET Que? Me mentistes?  Como pudiste? Do I get the same treatment since we are married? That was me before watching Up I went from "marriage isnt for me" to "Ill never find someone who will love me forever" Thank you for coming to my sad hour talk NO BABE Dont say things like that I love you Drew but you cant put marriage and animals in the same place rn I cried And everyone knows I dont show emotions while watching things I cried || when they showed their life together|| and cried uglier when || he found that the real adventure was their marriage and life together|| I'd pay anything to have what they had Praying on the downfall of all the happy couples rn  If I cant be happy nobody can I will never admit it out loud tho lmao My romantic skills also got rusty with the pandemic Wanna watch up? Im ready to ugly cry tbh @VC Squad up anyone? F Happy birthday @Angelaa  I get a concussion each time y'all post math shit here Are you challenging me? At first I was afraid Kept thinking I could never live without you by my side And I grew strong AND SO YOU'RE BACK Bitch https://tenor.com/view/your-just-ruinin-it-mummy-friend-ruinin-stop-ruining-things-how-could-you-gif-18795815 Omfg im so mad You cant discord for being a dumb bitch *blame Lock it somewhere away from here You dropped this   Saying "material girl" anytime I spend my money and then acting miserable once my bank account goes negative is how I've been living this past three months https://tenor.com/view/i-declare-bakruptcy-bankrupt-yelling-announce-declare-gif-15663557 Im in tears its not even funny LMAO I'm downloading like 5 apps to manage my money AYO CONGRATULATIONS BABEEEE Im so so so happy for you! Finally some good news You deserve it! Go get 'em tiger When is it the consultation? @faede @faede Teet yeet @UB3R-B0T reminder How the fuck do i put a reminder? No No sorry I was talking to the bot but I realised Im the only one who can see the text You've been helpful, thanks! ?remindme 25 april 2022 Fuck off Stupid ass bot Im reaching the age where I deeply understand old people and their hatred towards technology You laughing at your mom Ypu should be helping me :hawyee: https://tenor.com/view/culture-man-of-culture-cultured-gif-10903367 Ok but tell me why I was so sad and disappointed when I found out one of the nicest (and clever, caring, loving) guy I've ever know and I was crushing (from a safe distance lol)  during high school got married and had a baby? https://tenor.com/view/congratulations-i-thought-it-would-be-me-gif-9565638 Nah Drew it's not that deep lol He is 4 years older and I had never ever had a conversation with him lmaoo Im just being dramatic lol Perhaps in my dreams https://tenor.com/view/noted-notes-take-notes-gif-4790188 Ah yes Thanks Kyo Writing things out to do say to my husband Ok but imagine getting married Thats so weird and inappropriate Sharing your bed with someone else? Ew How do people talk about their future together Like "let's get married" or "have a child" Valid No but imagine having a bad day and all you want to do is cry in your bed How you gon tell your significant other to get the fuck out of the house for a few hours? Said this with two watery eyes and a cracking voice "Are you cr-" 
"NO WE NEED MILK" https://media.thetab.com/blogs.dir/90/files/2020/10/eiddclywsamofb9-819x1024.jpeg Married for 6 months Couldn't be me In a relationship? Nah fam not me Not relatable homie, but are you ok? He better be sleeping or pretend he didn't heard shit about me crying 10/10 would marry him again Do you feel like Saw? Observing people suffering trying to find the key to get out Petition to gift Kyo a tricycle for his birthday Please meet them at the exit with a mop and say "ah well, where did you shit?" Going to workout everyday so I can lift my husband and hug him Red flags girls where they at? @faede babe do your thing https://tenor.com/view/credit-card-smacking-credit-card-on-table-gif-21340324 Metta is my male version. We both like red. Especially red flags Yo, are we all going to ignore the handcuffs? Not Kyo ignoring me, Weiss and everyone concerned about the handcuffs Just answer the question Yet You have multiple handcuffs Someone checks his basement Keep gaslighting us But we all saw the pic Lets once again adress the elephant in the room WHY SO MANY HANDCUFFS @red hot silly pepper miss maam check your son What if its actually a cry for help? You are giving major Sangwoo vibes Exhibit B. You didn't deny that they were handcuffs, and you also claimed one is missing . The whole theory about you being Saw it's not a theory anymore https://tenor.com/view/traffic-fbi-open-up-raid-gif-13450966 That's what someone who has something to hide would say My 6th sense is enough Me (an empath) sensing bad vibes from you Why are you getting all worked up? If you have nothing to hide you wouldn't mind a little trip from the police Fae and Zig are the cool couple who judge others based on what they are wearing What does Metta like now??? I wasn't concerned about the who But about the what I can't. Im picturing Michael Scott I know Drew is somewhere punching the air cause he didnt get Bryce This was, is and will always be one of the besr videos in the Internet That's exactly how I imagine they write all the recent Vice's articles Nah giving Drake as a date to someone is lowkey a way to say you hate them I think I downloaded the wrong Squid Game I thank god my mind deleted almost everything from TRR I think its cute tbh They just didnt know how to put it in his body You'd throw hands with anyone Viv You dont even need a valid reason Stella was my favourite Flora wasnt even in the show They put her cousin Y E S The only thing I hated about it was when they || killed Nabu|| and left poor Aisha alone The only thing Netflix nailed was Riven's toxic ass We dont talk about the netflix adaptation They made my girl Stella appear older and with 0 fashion sense Ok but who was your first childhood crush?? Girl bye Sexual awakening Aladdin was a crush of mine somewhere along the way but even before I knew what a red flag is I knew he was a huge red flag THATS IT https://tenor.com/view/half-smile-peter-pan-gif-11438011 I was crushing on him so bad I left my window open and my mom woke up in the middle of the night screaming. It was wintee Man was hot But his shaddow was hotter https://tenor.com/view/wildcats-zac-efron-high-school-musical-troy-bolton-nervous-gif-5293435 AYO CASPER NAH FAM TOTALLY UNDERSTANDABLE Its my dad buying 30 worth of chocolate for valentines day Ayo It's snowing Two days ago we went outside without jackets because it was way too hot. Yesterday was a cold foggy day And today is snowing I can't fucking do this anymore It happened to me too a few weeks ago Didn't let me connect Living for the charcuterie board rn Screaming "I won't hesitate, bitch" before using it makes it 10 times more effective https://tenor.com/view/fire-gif-5305267 Whats going on?? Oh I cant feel my lips. I tried one of the hottest spicy mexican sauce Go into a starbucks and fake study Me too guys I feel like a bag of shit Oh man it's happening Russia ain't stopping Good job! @kyo buy a moka pot It will change how you drink coffe forever .img moka pot The italian-ification of Kyo First with bidet and now moka Join us my brother Can't believe this is how it will be from now on Wait a sec tho: the other day you said you bought a bidet and I just googled the bidet used in Asia and they arent the same as here This is the bidet I was talking about Bidet To wash your intimate parts Ohhhh See that's why I said that Depends You strike me as a Marco Free my man Marco he ain't do nothing wrong On a serious note I understand tho It's the same thing here with the roman salute. Since it's a very delicate thing (and associated with a certain period) if you do it in a public place you can be fined More caffeine The feminine urge to dress as Maddy from Euphoria for sundays family lunch Bestie are you ok?? Send help I aint got nothing wrong, just tired and it's monday Thanks  That's so pretty! Where'd you get that?? Somehow Im not surprised https://tenor.com/view/breaking-bad-chemistry-experiment-scientific-walter-white-gif-17820266 Next step Spotify was down too I thought they found out I use an unofficial version I was in tears Time for me to be Donkey Kong https://tenor.com/view/stanley-theoffice-basketball-dribble-the-gif-6093202 Fuck this gif app anyway He's jamaican y'all If i remember correctly Thats Prison Mike @Metta wake up Me too. That's why I couldn't take Weiss seriously with that ugly ass rat as a pfp Impossible. I don't listen to kpop Fam one is white the other is black OH WAIT You meant this! Lmao He's Alex Turner. My husband It fits the description What are you waiting for? You missed the 2014 AM tumblr era tho One of my exes is engaged About to test if my toaster is waterproof #Heardle #17



https://heardle.app What is this game? Doesn't matter, I won in a second Who is she? I wanna be like her when I grow up #Heardle #18



https://heardle.app Might as well raise hell since they are going to eat y'all anyway #Heardle #19



https://heardle.app My handwriting looks good from afar But its pretty messy Block letters Cursive #Heardle #20



https://heardle.app Sorry, didn't tell you sooner! We will invite you to the wedding tho I've had 3 months to buy my friends gifts for their birthdays Im meeting them tomorrow and I still don't have the gifts with me My procrastinating side outdone itself Yeah, but it would be disrespectful to not put effort into it #Heardle #21



https://heardle.app Today was a bit harder Update no one asked for but I managed to buy amazing gifts + cake https://tenor.com/view/we-dont-do-that-here-black-panther-tchalla-bruce-gif-16558003 No wait I have a better response https://tenor.com/view/nickfury-avengers-gif-5864092 Fellas Babe missed you too  He means za warudo to me Exactly <3 we are fae thank you for sharing this with us we will tresure this information you know i dont like sharing If I were the grandpa I'd have closed your door and get in my car Midnight snack turning into a five course meal https://tenor.com/view/lilo-and-stitch-hugs-love-ohana-family-gif-16238968 I too would like to smash Evan Peters Omg! Viv is pigeon with two babies Guys I feel like im slowly melting Its way too hot and june just started No more clubs for me Why do today 18 years old look like mid twenty guys? What are they feeding those poor kids HELICOPTER HELICOPTER Happy belated father day to Thomas tbh As long as the glass is cool I dont care Currently watching Love Island UK and my man Davide is carrying the show How the fuck are you supposed to dress during summer? I either have hoe clothes or jeans and old t shirts Nah fam, we are talking about 40 celsius What is an ut? Oh you talking about choices Ops They tell you that as if its nothing and carry on with what they were doing before My spidey sense was tingling lol What do you mean single? https://tenor.com/view/troy-community-room-fire-pizza-gif-5612111 each time Im away for more than three days it feels like the universe balance gets shaken up My gym crush has a girlfriend Why am I only attracted to guys who already are in a relationship Sleeping on the highway tonight   Today she came with him and he didn't even say hi to me. Lmao The universe is pushing me to become the other woman /j 365 part 2 Please Im in the mood for a trashy movie Are you lost baby girl? Lets watch 365 instead Im going to sleep early, if Lu will be free in a few hours we can watch it together otherwise we gotta reschedule Picking up what? Im fucked up, Im forgetting english 1,2,3 The best movie with fwb as the main theme is love and other drugs It is, of course, the best because Jake is there https://tenor.com/view/ceku-tugce-jake-gyllenhaal-gif-19498420 Trust issues    Where is the lie tho Life feels weird when you don't have to worry about exams. Gonna enjoy this until november lol Stand up, sister. We must stay focused Good He's not worthy anyway ^ RED FLAG Drop his ass Girl you arent his private detective. He can look up by himself Drop his ass, next! Liste to Fae! They are right about you needing time to yourself girl Also fwb should be an easy thing not a fucking quest. Drop him Omg you reminded me I still need to watch third season Sigma males @faede I can fix Homelander Im at ep3 of season3 @azula stand up Why did you save "ma'am" too? I'd suggest you to stay away from all things that might distract you such as social media, games and things like that. Do a schedule of the things you have to study and make sure to relax in between study session. Get enough sleep, I know it's hard but trust me healthy mind in a healthy body. 
Also, since it's an oral exam, try to repeat loud what you studied and record yourself  to see if you know things. Anyway, good luck! Can't expect your brain to perform good if you don't let it relax tho Have you been studying "hard" these past days? If the answer is yes then you shouldn't be panicking much, it's ok to feel a bit anxious before an exam.
Unless you haven't been studying and you are just starting know, that it's another thing then. Yeah uhm, 4 days aren't enough for an exam tho. At least 3 weeks before you should have started, but anyway we are here now so, I'd still suggest doing this and heavy on the part "stay away from Internet" Forget about discord, insta, videogames and all that shit for now. At least until after you had your exam Still, you are wasting time online feeding your panicking instead of studying. Anyway, good luck Sell them You deserve a hundred vacations hon It took me 3 days to see a 2h movie that I didn't even like The age of Adaline Starring Blake Lively The end was pretty much predictable A bag of clichs, which usually I love, yet this wasn't the case Yeah, but that's like the plot SPOILER AHEAD : ||I knew it the moment they introduced the love interest that she would go through a second accident to reverse the effect of the first one. Also, she dated the father of her lover 40 years ago, but run away when he wanted to marry her only for her to fall for his son. Awkward.|| Ok, || the way i phrased it make it seems like she voluntary got into an accident, but it was really an "accident" similiar to the one she had years ago || https://tenor.com/view/on-fire-pizza-gif-6074641 How it feels each time Viv tells us a story If there is a state religion then the law will be made to help strengthen the religion presence in the state not the other way around. Shortly yes, they can LMAO I'd like to think that they measured you against your will. Like you screaming and insisting that you are more than 5ft Fall is the american way for autumn Im already singing Christmas songs Ignoring the 40 Celsius outside Your face it's a tresure map. Scratch it and you will find a surprise! _Don't try this at home_ I feel old whenever I hear people talking about going back to school I miss high school You either loved your high school years or hated it Im about to throw up Nah im good lol I had too much to eat This ad cracks me up everytime If you click ignore this is the answer the baby gives lmao Why do you have beef with a kid lmaoooo He lives rent free in your mind. He won Question What if your son is an identical copy of Bartie? https://tenor.com/view/the-office-steve-carell-i-want-people-to-be-scared-of-how-much-they-love-me-scared-gif-11897971 You'd 100% be afraid of him Ayooo, happy birthday! :forgheart: SEX Now that I have your attention I might come to the USA this fall Everything is funny from us Michigan I knew it One of my uncles lives there Anyway, I want to join a planned trip to New York tho But I don't want to spend 2000 for a week I also wouldn't get the american experience but only the turist experience You sound like my mom Gigant rats, crazy dudes on the streets and on the metro, local shitty 2 dollars burgers Thats cool, lets focus on me then duh And im going to play adult simulator People expect me to make my own doctor appointments and silly things like that Now burn the vacuum Oh fuck, this reminds me that I too have a cousins wedding in a couple of weeks Im crying They send a video of a friend of mine opening his gift and Im next to him But it looks like I'm glaring at him I'm crying, I look so mad but it's just my face Yeah lmao, i need to remind myself to at least smile in pics I was withdrawing money when this kid (not over 14 years old) decided to stand right behind me. I told him to move away and accidentally sounded way too mean, yet he should have known better that to stand close to people at the ATM I want 10 of you An army of Fae You look like you are about to open a portal in Doctor Strange's style https://tenor.com/view/benedict-cumberbatch-dr-strange-doctor-dtrange-protect-power-gif-16748773 Everything I know about Ethan I learned it against my will "Its BeCaUSe wE aRe FocuSing On OuRSelvEs, wE don'T wAnT to JumP in a RelatiOnShIp tOO sOoN" Girl u said you want his pics because you might jave his babies?  It's getting harder defending you babes Use your blood They are racist ways to call someone mixed In Italy if you call someone meticcio (which is the literal translation of mestizos) you are being slightly racist. Meticcio means an hybrid or someone mixed from two "races" You can point out if someone is mixed or not, just meticcio is not the correct way Babe you were colonised That would make half Africa french I went to a convent in kindergarten and the nuns taught us macarena in the free time Where did you come from, where did you go? Y E S Last year we did ghosts It's crazy It's already been a year Coraline's characters?? NAH The addams family That's cool too! @faede do you have any suggestions since it was your idea?? Movie killers? More like movie crushes I have an embarrassing crush on ghostface Pyramid head is the ultimate hottie Sigma female Dad bod CRYING She's hot but her actiing kinda sucks. Great movie tho Venom Nah, im still choosing. You? Andrew Tate Too bad he's real and not fiction He's always been a meme Have I been sibling-zoned? I have been asking way too many favours to this guy Im crushing on, and I jokingly told him "You must be tired of me", with a wink ANd he goes "anything for my punk sister (we have similiar taste in music)" And I was kinda hurt? Buddy unless you are from Alabama I dont want to be your sister If I had a time machine I'd go back in time and rename myself  "Yves Saint Laurent" I'd do other things, of course, but fuck it would be so cool to have a badass name Which one babes? I have Libre and everyone loves it https://tenor.com/view/salty-block-gif-23750827 That's another one everyone loves! It also lasts Im at the airport right now Time to find a sugar daddy in the VIP lounge Croatia! It's not about fun, it's about finding a rich husband Thanks y'all btw! Will share my husband's wealth With you Old ladies love me for some reason, I'll help a brother out They still need to get to the same airport as us mere mortals I've booked Ryanair at the moment so my chances to find a rich husband on the same plane as mine are very very veryyyy slim It's giving Hannah Baker when they told her she has a fat ass and she started crying Eight course meal my man? What they gon feed you after the 5th one? Water? And call it a meal? Oh since we are talking about food, im going to go feral at the breakfast buffet this morning Were they able to dance? Oh and were you able to dance too? After a 8 course meal Id be sweating like a pig plus no air conditioning I'd have died Don't stand sweating in front of the ac You'll get a cold Yesterday was my cousin's wedding And all my relatives asked me when will I get married Im crying Im used to them. I was mentally prepared to them lmao Say you are focusing on your studies/work and if love happens you wont stop it Was thinking of getting lash extensions and suddenly tik tok thinks its cool to show me all lash extensions fails Disappointed but not surprised that Adam Levine is a bad husband How could you ask your side chick if you could name your daughter (with his wife) after her????!!! That's a whole new level of toxic @faede rate my pfp ily  When are you changing yours?? Am I way too early lmaoo ? Makes sense Who won your heart and pfp in the end? I remember our _interesting_ conversation about Pyramid head There are way too many ~hot~ fictional serial killers How the fuck do i put a bar over a word Like Im deleting it without deleting it Its boomer hour for me Oh i just put one. ~~fuck you discord~~ Thanks babe  Andromeda would be cool Or Zelda I do look like a galaxy? Thanks lmao Gonna change my name tomorrow Say my name say my naaaame Texas? Pew pew Thats weirdly specific Are you ok honey Thats remind me of a cringey convo in a show https://youtu.be/yBAb227ldGI It lives rent free in my mind. Right next to Jughead "im a weirdo" speech Thats third You will never know the highs and low of high school football LMAO I've stopped after season 2 They arent getting payed enough This look like Gokus battle When he asked the human of earth to rise their hands to give him strenght https://youtu.be/pktMqkfvoBM Same vibes Slayyy Cheryl is the new Goku