Thank you! Happy to be here👋 I consider many of them my favourites. This is kind of difficult to answer Thank you! Current ongoing books that I keep up with is TRR Hi viv! Thank you indeed! Oh, please get well soon Thoughts and wishes with you! Thank you! I like yours too! Beautiful artwork That happened to me once too Changed my pfp too fast Exactly Computer devices for the elderly? A major problem is the problem with visual disabilities My grandfather has a problem with font size if he wants to read the newspaper or watch any sports This is a major problem since this is the only source of entertainment he has now.😟 The visual acuity loss in the elderly should be kept in mind while designing any device for them my mother is the same way she refuses to use her glasses because she insists she's young
@azula 
 that must be frustrating for you Love the new icon Sienna deserves all the love and happiness Thank you for the update.I hope it's  not what you're thinking because it's easy to think of that scenario under these circumstances. But it'll be okay Furi. Good luck 💯 
There are people here rooting for you👍 understandable. I am glad to hear the update Oof @Deleted User good to see you  :uwu: > I wuv mara for making this
I do too:uwu: Hiya! How long is 1 episode Pri Oof I was hoping for 20 I'll have to watch after exams too Ik But BBT I liked in like 10th grade because I understood some of the science stuff, it still had some cliche portrayals though > Ours are going since 20 aug will end on 10 oct
All the best!! I only ask this question out of curiosity, is there a historical precedent for this, could they have found a way to not have royal duties and not be royals and get paid for it? The new icon is miles better than the one on the subreddit. Thanks viv You're using the wrong formula It's basic math, the perimeter of a square equals the length of one side Add the length of all the sides of the given squares and you'll get the correct answer Yes, you need to raise the power of length of one side to 2 for area, it is different than multiplying by 4 than perimeter Correct But you're multiplying the lengths and finding out the area I think Perimeter stands for **boundaries**, you don't need to bring area into that Just use, 4(length of a side) for each square and add them Yeah No worries Those help you in SAT And entrance tests in general So much this Imagine taking the SAT and knowing US is never going to let you in Lol Anyway on to more pleasant topics, I'm glad I'm studying what I am I'd have liked that tbh Why exactly do they establish student loans? I don't understand, do they not want more students to seek college education after High School? If you're not the elite class, so to speak, you're going to be in debt after you graduate and seek a job immediately and that sounds counterproductive to me. Yeah that makes sense. Education is the *means* to better ourselves. And yet they make it inaccessible Hope this changes. Aww Are you talking  about the cast? Tran Loan is gorgeous Mood. I don't mind celebrating with family but I don't expect parties on my birthday Uh why do hispanics do this? Ohh, that actually happens where I come from too. Yeah, it's funny to notice the similarities here . We don't speak of good news, tell everyone sth before it has happened for fear of evil eye. It's more of a cultural thing though and we have prayers to prevent it. I agree with the fact that we know that the other person has good intentions. Exactly Yeah I get that and I'm sorry you lost a cherished gift. I got a very valuable set of earrings from my brother as a gift for scoring high grades in an exam and I excitedly told everyone about them. A few months later sth happened to the clasp behind the ear and now I can't wear those. It's  not about the earrings or the jewelry, it's more about the memories associated with them for me. Thank you. Anyway it may be mostly superstition but sometimes I find being hesitant about sharing things works. So what are you looking forward to on your birthday? It does actually. Enjoy your day off! And the yummy food:uwu: This sounds amazing :dopeystarey: Happy birthday!! Many happy returns of the day Lu :uwu: 💕 My deepest condolences to everyone. May the people who were lucky to know, love and befriend Jordan find peace and comfort and may his soul rest in peace. I'm sorry for your loss Crow. You're not alone in this, and you're sweet for checking in on Jordan's mom and it makes a huge difference for parents to know their kid was being cared for. Thanks Drew Wish someone would tell my parents that. And that's a really cute sketch 💜 Differences are fun You just have to show some interest in what they want to talk about. And viola Okay so you're branching out a bit You don't have to be nervous when talking to new people,although that's valid. But I'm sure once that person gets to know you they'll like you That's so cute I'd be cool with all of them I've been there though although I didn't get involved in the fight myself but it didn't end well It's a pretty bad place to be in I'd try to be there for everyone without picking sides Honestly, it's up to you who you forgive or allow in your circle Don't judge how other people treat person A. Just see how you want to interact with them Yeah Yikes Who says that to someone's face Even if she said that jokingly,on the phone,or to another person about you. It's a horrible thing to say to someone I think You should be the person to decide what's best for you in any situation. And I'm sorry you had to hear that. You deserve better Happy birthday Rae!!
Many happy returns of the day:heart_exclamation: I'm doing great! Thanks for asking. How about you Angelaa Speaking as someone who  is just trying to understand the reason for these names,could that be because they wanted to sort of 'better assimilate' into the american community and are probably trying to save their kid from being questioned in class about where are they from? Yeah I figured I'd not want my kids to have to answer questions when they're just trying to learn and then have to locate where they're from on the map People should learn before making fun of names. Otherwise they should go back to kindergarten when making fun of names was supposed to be the height of comedy. Especially when it's a cultural thing because it shows that you're not willing to respect the other person enough to learn and say their name correctly. Oof I remember those dolls We didn't have the one on the left when we underwent training, I should look at some tutorials for that. I can see the target market for it But at the same time,way to give yourself poor posture and health problems Exactly OMG I love that show The one you used the GIF from Gravity falls Sth tells me you're Mabel Aww this sounds so cute viv💖 Guys the best thing just happened Thanks viv Sure! Basically Spotify is finally available where I live so I can finally listen to my fav  artist I'd rather not say rn Thanks uwu, but yeah it's so good to finally listen to that album I like all genres tbh Taylor Swift❤️ She released 2 albums this year and the prev one Mhm Oh that's a good one I can actually picture it being so romantic for a first dance:pusheenheart: Omg same I'm sure you'll do great though Wow That's okay though, people do take their time w this Also,law school is difficult from what I've heard Not me getting hungry again:ConfusedCat: :e_minor: Hey Mara are you up MaralinaSakura I am not pinging her I have a UK relevant qs Ok lmao I'll probably ask her in spl then She tolerates me too I think I'll just Wikipedia lmao Nothing I had a UK relevant qs since I was studying history But yeah I think I am better off doing my own research rn Thank goodness Hey is the labour party conservative I CAN'T HELP IT ALL OF MY HISTORY IS TIED TO BRITISH EVENTS Anyway Labour and liberal party What's the difference This makes no sense Just tell me about labour party and I shall write the opposite for the other:elmofire: Okay that made sense Okay that is all I needed Thank you so much Also there are fogs in London from what my grandpa used to tell me Yikes I'm ngl my history books actually tell about all the missions y'all sent to the colony to resolve the issues Omg I could've lived years without knowing that You must have a strong stomach I think it's been 6 years since I've had food poisoning Viv asking the real questions Oof Blackpink❤️ This is making me sad just from thinking about sad dogs Although they need to be vaccinated and bathed of course. Make sure to give your dog a hug and a treat from me viv GOOD LUCK Aww That's probably gonna be me @ college tmrw w all the kiddos because I still don't have my license Get some toast to go Bread is best :aww: 😋 See, you already got your fuel and you're gonna ace it Mood 🤣 Oh thank goodness I liked some aspects of stats and loved algebra I feel like I may be good at both Can I pick biology 😂 Nope I would fail that one Yep def failing That was easy But why the fuck did they do that I remember being weirdly excited when the planetary model was explained for the first time Anyway I'm studying for a 4 hr histo lab tomorrow so I may not answer but will try to pop in here and there 👋 What's watergate I know I can Google it but I'd rather hear it from you all Aw same I just couldn't study it without being told it wouldn't pay well Yeah I wanted to go and discover the unknown It was so exciting I thought they were always tapped for security Okay but what was so important about the watergate office Yikes Oh this made sense now Thanks for explaining Opium Oh this was a huge one tho Haha Not fun 🙂 Since the silk road is actually pretty useful for spices Mhm Period+class And I'm out😂 Oh boy Not the monarchy:e_minor: I purposely keep myself ignorant LMAO but someday maybe I'll have enough time to study those reigns This is freaking dark!! No, I don't have Netflix Metta Tbh the rest of the world knows about us history because it has to 13 Wow this is like one of our kings Anyyway 😅 Imagine a time before vaccines..oh wait Creepypasta Oh remember the time when malaria was thought to be caused by bad air so it got its name 'Mala' 'aria' Thank goodness for  science Sometimes I really love what I study because I get to see how much science has improved wrt medicine Yayy 🍰 Bruh Lesson two: obey speed limits Yes she can 👋 Fae Exactly, lu don't be like that :( Lu Can you please 🥺 Not Yeah c'mon viv I hate timezones:ConfusedCat: :caticon: Byeee Gn ❣️ What's happening in VC Same Fgbfbdn nope :this_is_fine: Hi Afsheen! I like your username Mee Can't wait! Thanks viv! I just did:uwu: *Rishta* business Kaleen Exactly what you're thinking of:LMFAOdead: Lilypad thing Because it looks like it leads to your childhood:this_is_fine: This could fit almost everyone in any circumstances Yeah I mean,this is how astrology works in general. But it's still fun Hwhsheh Congratulations to her!! I mean. Happy birthday pri I am a clown Who forgot your birthday:ferretoblush: 
But please accept my felicitations Nooo Oh thank goodness:hypeforg: :hypeforg: Hey! Uncalled for OOO have fun:aww: I like the changed name Good night Good luck!! Uhh I saw that It was really... something lmao Tbf it was Burger King UK I wasn't really expecting sth..more self aware This is a dance I can approve of Same I haven't opened the app in ages and have no plans to after my exams How's everyone doing I need the role to see what y'all on about Virtual hugs Lu Hope it comes back negative I'm trying not to butt in here w my own news but my dad is getting vaccinated tomorrow if everything goes well. And I'll also get vaccinated on Thursday First dose I mean. So fingers crossed I don't get covid. The third wave has hit really bad where I live And vaccination is the only choice left. I'd have gotten vaccinated sooner but I had physical exams. So I'd appreciate y'all keeping us in your thoughts. It'll be negative lu. And hopefully you'll be able to get the vaccination. Thank you! You too. Seconded I may ask for on campus accommodation just to force myself to interact w people Metamorphosis I had pizza today So much perfection. But yeah couldn't eat it without feeling guilty idk how people finish a whole pizza by themselves Y'all I can't eat half a 10 inch medium pizza Same hat drew Noo It's going to be fine Lu has gotten through too much to let this thing scare her:hypeforg: Wishing you all the best This is sort of like me revising topics for exams RIP we didn't go to college this year, maybe 2 months pre covid You probably don't need much experience or skill set other than communication skills ig And being good w keeping track of cash Same viv Instead I have exams, A wedding to plan and online classes again:enemy: Online classes don't work in professional degrees Yeah It adds to stress and fatigue plus no one in your house would respect your space Exactly Hey did trump also endorse chloroquine Ok :LMFAOdead: Kidding I don't have it either Do not take medical advice from politicians. And also, my brother started learning to drive in 6th grade I drove into something which I don't recall but I did terrify my own dad at 17 Every decision I've taken in my life has been about me not choosing to drive Samesies People have their own reasons for not driving lol.  Very legitimate reasons Yay! Hi!! Meh I'd rather not put anyone at risk by getting behind the wheel Yikes Lu :/ Can you lie down in a prone position Just make sure your breathing is okay. And stay hydrated Yeah get some oranges. Also I wonder if you people have those pulse oximeter things. Sounds interesting This is definitely interesting But what do people who study that end up doing? I didn't want to psycho analyze people around me but I've taken some behavioural sciences classes to know how interesting this field could be! Good luck This is why you're so smart viv Kyo please tell then I shall reveal my major My little cousin wants CS and I'm not sure what to tell her about this But yeah 18 is so overwhelming It is!! Yeah God I'm gonna miss it when I graduate If I graduate Lol Hey don't knock the humanities If you like what you study That's already half the battle Mine was history or journalism What are they visualising you as Your parents I mean I know someone who majored in civil engineering,and now designs homes and spaces acc to her clients' requirements Same But yeah you don't have to take that route lol Business is :redfield: Don't worry about picking a major at once kyo. I know it can seem like we're sort of ganging up on you Talk about something else y'all Oh viv has a job Csbsbwba  ok What Yike :eyez: Habsbsb lmao Why would you Willingly do drugs Hey viv what does HR say about epileptics? Okay Andromeda ~~why would I ask questions~~ Whay What Aushbd What How can you get into a university you never applied to And that's scary f a e Spam lmao Look at university college of health sciences though Yay Bruh Don't undersell yourself Kyo I was already in college when I got into the college I wanted to go too Who doesn't :aww: :LMFAOdead: I love the reason Exactly Another day to thank my stars I don't live in the US What about anger because it explains my family Yikes Mine aren't. They'd rather fight because they hate each other I think I'm all 3 tbh Yeah I'll apologise if I realize I did something wrong but my instinct is to lash out and get defensive if I'm stressed out. In general I laugh or retreat. Retreat has become more common. It's easier for me to interact in online spaces for this very reason Yeah exactly. How do you know you know you are ace I took a bisexuality test too, and I lean more towards women So I'm not sure if I should use the lesbian or the bi label Yeah oof The lesbian document told me I could be friends w men but couldn't date them for long and truly it's been a little like that with a guy. I just lose interest Oof Exactly I got a ducking proposal at 16 Oh trust me it's so common Like, the most common thing I've heard from questions every engaged/married couple gets is where are the kids, when are you getting married I honestly wish I could be out But ree religion Yeah Uh What baby Viv Ok lol I was worried for a moment That's so cute Both the foster sister and the 8 year relationship Not if they try to be white all the time this is so annoying I get it You all speak a mixture of 2 languages in which English is a definite component I dated a guy once who called me babe Thank fucking god I stopped after 2 dates Why is this a universal thing Momma's boys and liking their ex You should see my mom She literally creates a competition between her 2 daughter in laws in her mind And since I'm her daughter I'm gonna have to listen White people go no contact so easily like why? God I love that sub when I'm bored and can't sleep The best comments have links I don't get the sub's tendency to label everything as narcissistic Yikes Guess I'll go sleep. Night y'all Lu, feel better soon Hugs I'm so sorry kyo I've been through that The ||losing a friend to a hit and run|| thing I'm so sorry for your loss It's natural Hi and welcome It's a lot to process at once. It's okay❤️  we love you nonetheless I will have you know I am trained in the art of making people feel angry Bruh Why get into something if you don't want to be honest Okayyy Slightly concerning You know I actually get that But the thing that helped me most days Was realizing my friend wouldn't want me to feel this way Think of a good friend you have Any one, think of what they would want you to do And then act on that advice It's okay. Friends come and go at different stages We all do:forg: Iz okay you both are valid Hoping for a negative one💜 Is this something I should know about? Happy St. Patrick's day y'all!! Hope you have a nice celebration Please send more doggo When I move out I'm gonna get a dog Any kind that survives in the summer months The weather we get is  really extremely hot Yeah I'm working too I think I could like being with an average sized one that won't scare kids Yeah I hate people like that Those should have their ||dogs taken away|| There was a vid of a husky wanting to go out in freezing weather and I shared that on my Twitter to raise awareness Because the average weather here is like 40 degrees Celsius in summer Can I take a Jack Russell terrier out for walks Because I'm going to do a lot of research before I adopt a dog Awww I'm smiling just imagining that Why should certain dog breeds be extinct viv? Yeah I know someone who has a dog,her dad is a vet and she doesn't give them the mass produced stuff This is difficult for me to hear But yeah please give dogs and cats chicken only Yeah homemade is best This is why pets are a responsibility I'm sort of hating the thought of pets having to suffer Look at the happy boy As she should!! Be loved, that is Thank you, ||I know what it's like to have a seizure as a person and I feel like animals don't deserve it especially when it's preventable || They loved their time with you, I'm sure It's okay it doesn't bother me and it was part of the reason I chose med school Yep My friend named her dog Ross after the Friends' character Thank you Rae Aren't they a little scary looking Drew? Yeah I mean once you get past the looks I'm sure they'll be the best friends :aww: And I hate people that force animals to fight Aww You know Some dogs Can detect illness In their humans I used to read so many stories about that and always wanted one Mmhmm Random thought,some wikipedia articles explain better than medical textbooks Oof Try ice packs or cold ice water if it doesn't go away soon Guys watch Bridgerton it's hilarious :elmofire: Uh it's better to view the Netflix summary of it(it's set in Regency era England)but do pay attention to the rating its second episode  starts with..a lot Yeah I found it interesting considering how many Choices books are specifically written on such things. Can't say much without spoiling the season but I like the premise for now Ahh me too. I may binge it all tonight And Simon is *Chef's Kiss* My childhood visits to the dentist were only memorable because of ice cream Hiii Welcome back to the land of the living This is why I may not play it How graphic is it ||Book 2 MC and raf|| type? Because that was a lot Nvm I'll just get it over with Morning y'all Guys OH is making me angry All the relentless paywalling It's so funny when I see men embodying it Winx series for the win Although I feel like the OG casting was more diverse Ew Ugh Well you distracted me from my anger so Thanks viv Happy Birthday! Hope you have a great one! 7 hr midterm .... Afternoon y'all Gotta love doctors offices Too much crowding in covid times True I might cut my hair even shorter for summer Living up to her name I've seen people where I live Add the suffix -ay to their name to make it gender neutral and I like that idea Of course it's upto everyone but it works for a lot of names in SA countries Just before I was about to get some sleep 😦 You and me both viv You should see the marketing strategies they use now for the fairness industry lol. A lot of my teenage wasted trying to live up to stupid beauty standards Hello I like to root for the flawed main character I know it's basic but it's what I  enjoy Yeah me too Idealism doesn't work Yeah I mean it sounds like wishful thinking to me on the part of the writer,to create ideal heroes You got this Same but I'm  not sleeping until I finish this chapter 🍫 For y'all Chocolate I hope you feel better soon I'm the one refusing to sleep ahahaha pl do yeah I know all this,I cooked vegetable pulao today and ngl the taste was to die for it's a type of rice I miss bbq's so much Never fails to surprise me how many diseases can be prevented if people just remember to wash their hands before eating and drink filtered water. oof hate when elder siblings do this yes I want tres leches but ew buffet cannot where I live there is a medical emergency nowadays and uh it's been really bad tbh In Urdu we have a proverb for it, the inviting trouble thing  it's translated as smashing your own feet with a hammer can you convince your parents or other siblings not to go on account of covid? this too also parasitology sucks guys please wash your hands and protect yourself from mosquitoes mhm also you def take off your mask when you're eating Oof Happy Easter! Hope you all have a safe and happy celebration 💕 I despise seafood Also glad you won kyo! Kbbq sounds right up my alley morning our prof is more concerned w students who're joining late than actually teaching his class yeah hopefully it gets better in his next classes because there will always be late students in the first class of the day my sympathies lol what did I wake up to have fun y'all mood I can join VC but yeah I might just go on flipping pages good luck!! drink a glass of water and find yourself a charger or headset whichever is cheaper morning y'all dad is going to get vaccinated today(second shot) so I'm hoping everything goes well 🌚 Wonder if I was as annoying as I still am🤡 Also lmfao Wonder if I was as annoying as I still am🤡 Maybe a PI  or a detective? That'll be a fun job Ooh, a journalist.  I could see Lu being one Omg my personal hero Oof too bad for her you came back stronger 13 h left for me god I can't imagine only having Open heart on the schedule lol and I have stopped playing Babu on principle love being greeted w a surprize quiz in my 2nd class of the day I hope so too viv We're all here for you 🫂  @ kyo I love how when I'm technically off from college I'm still thinking about college And what I should be doing instead of resting My mom used to call me Bloom because of my Winx obsession God the new Netflix series is ..weird I mean I like it but I'd like to exist it separate from the OG one Yeah it's not my cup of tea yet tbh.. reminds me a little too much of PLL W/out the whole ||teacher romance|| thankfully God Why am I hate watching fate the winx saga Morbid curiosity is my best guess now but I have got to find a show that doesn't irritate me🌚 And take my mind off of...things I got told what the benefits of vit C were on the internet. This is the first thing you learn in biochem in med school. Thankfully the guy realised he was preaching to the choir and it was entertaining Also please give nurses better working hours this is so bad for healthcare system as a whole F nothing can beat how sleepy I am in my first class of the day nevermind the lecture was interesting enough to wake me up Wow it's so rampant everywhere,I'm supposed to arrange transport to and from the hospital if I want to go for clinical rounds somewhere where public transport is banned due to high covid positivity You'll feel better after you eat Good luck kyo Also lu, hope your bank appt goes well I'm glad for that! Hugz Uhhh Ok enjoy your sammich Mood A picture of the beach I took at sunset My laptop does have a lot of family photos though It's so cute Ah it's not that good I feel Thanks voltra Oof true Yeah I'm so sorry to hear that viv Here for you if you need anything So guess who tried and failed to make her mom a half boiled egg I only know how to make a full boiled one :forg: She said the same, I hope she feels better soon and it's not the thing I'm fearing Aww She so happy to see you God I can't wait to get a puppy one day Must be nice being rich enough that you make a literal poverty simulator :elmofire: When I was a kid I thought richie rich had it all with a gadget that helped him change into his pajamas Yeah I just googled it kyo Appreciate the initiative but I have become more skeptical since I find out some rich kids here in their O levels start NGO's to boost their college apps. I hope this initiative is actually useful though I'm glad That's good At least the assignment is making people think My friend described it as, liberal arts degree=capitalism bad, now that you know it, give us 0.8 million Her degree is economics+political science with a minor in sociology Yeah You just can't win, at a certain point you have to choose between food, healthcare and education I understand this more than I would like to Yes Crisp after midnight for me:forg: Awww it looks so good :enemy: Ooh Also it's 2 am @ electric charge stop it thanks happy birthday to your mom Andromeda Uh So can you just call in sick to work or use it as an excuse Yeah I hope it works out for you kyo Yeah I can't believe that you aren't allowed a day off for this YASS Good luck kyo Yeah Getting a haircut was the best decision I made Esp if you work long shifts and have it tied up :TrumpAmongUs: God I miss Airlift and not having to ask my dad for a ride to college sm Lol ahahaha I hate it here tbh Y'all cracking me up :ConfusedCat: Lol 5 minutes of fame But I'm glad you got the day off There are worse reasons to yeet from work gl w all that Nothing so wholesome as my professor ending every class with stay safe, stay healthy and stay socially distant:shyduck: And drew's right kyo, just take off the wristband :jebus: Due to personal reasons I need a hug Not helping viv Never mind Iz okay you made me laugh a little Could I not have chosen an easier degree Thankfully I don't have to do anything about it rn From what I've heard from my seniors it only gets harder But I appreciate the support End of my lecture Yay! Leo is a star sign Looking at baby names and uh, a lot of them are just unique spellings of common names But not surprised To be honest I didn't know much of what was going on in this channel and dont understand much of TV show references since I've been preoccupied so I'm sorry if I made light of anything here Mood Idk if it's my wish to totally focus on something else rn but it's anyway, not anyways Omg What do people even do at their high school reunions Brag about where they are in life? There's a difference in the life we show on social media and the life we live but it isn't talked about much I'd like to catch up w the people who I went to school with though As do most functions 😂 And I endorse this decision Kayden I'm glad I never discussed any politics w my classmates anywhere W riots+major events happening right, left and centre we barely get time to breathe Yeah Most of the time it's differing schedules,majors, pandemics Mhm, college friends know more about your struggles Uh Does she want you to gate crash a graduation ceremony? Hey this sounds better But you'll have fun there, just wear a mask How big is the crowd anyway I mean if it's like 30-40 people in a well ventilated  room, then it can be managed with proper distancing That was the direction of my physical exam Not sure how crowded graduations are But be careful Exactly Once you're a carrier you can't go back And exams are mandatory,graduations aren't Also, please keep wearing masks even if you're vaccinated since you don't want to contribute to the infection transmission to others:shyduck: .img Elliot Vance smiling Tf is the matter w uber bot .img Elliot Vance smile Ueheheh No Just edit this screenshot kyo Also I wouldn't ever get sick of Dan's voice Mhm That shirt Is a little terrifying And I study ||real human skulls|| Edgy Love you so much viv, here for you if you need anything And well, don't feel pressured into being on anywhere🫂 Yeah Oh hi Also there's a delay in the release of a very scandalous proposal for non VIP And that's pretty much all Yeah it's been a surprise How much I like people talking in the background @azula  I get that you may not see this for a while but feel free to come back whenever you feel like and take care of yourself. Lol Guys Just a mandatory reminder to tell y'all to wear a mask+stay away from each other until this pandemic ends Oof, I fall asleep in classes nowadays Good luck!!! I kinda want to be vaccinated,like, yesterday Well the private labs say they're opening up registration in 7 days But I'm going to check for another one tomorrow, one covid test was enough It's hilarious how this vaccine was used for profit making though You mean siblings kyo Aw I have  so many niblings That I have to babysit for free But yeah they are so wholesome to hang out with One of them wants to be an astronaut Yep:forg: 2074 it is peeps😂 :elmofire: Well now I'm totally relieved There's a famous couplet by a famous poet in one of the languages I speak that basically means that, If death is destined for me one day, why am I not able to sleep at night and I think it's a beautiful way of telling people to stop worrying about the future Congratulations!! Fluent in 2, varying proficiency in 3 others Not if y'all interested in my lectures :this_is_fine: I can barely keep my eyes open Morning Yep I'm stuck in a time loop Really kyo🥲 You've betrayed me I thought I was a cool calm cat :caticon: Aww Then I'm glad 🤭 Then I'm very happy and I like the cat:aww: Due to personal reasons I need some ice cream Drew don't mix vaccines Oh fuck I'm literally dying for a vaccine here Being where there are vaccine shortages is no fun No honestly all of the rich countries won't stop hoarding the vaccines and the global south is suffering because of it So yeah:this_is_fine: Yeah 😂 I abstain :ConfusedCat: My cousin has a framed photograph of bibbles, her first pet cat💙 And she's so kind to all her pets But bibbles can never be replaced Hahaha I'm scared :jebus: Cool Go read Huh I'd guess something more ..world building like Better guess :nou: 😂 Is it spring where you live Ugh I'm so tired Enjoy yourself kyo the way I only left 2 slices of a pizza for my brother🤭 I do not like sharing And I stress eat when I am worried Bbq looks good kyo :caticon: Poor person Haha God I miss those days when you didn't have to answer questions in class I literally have been trying out recipes from food blogs And thankfully it seems like I knew the basics so:ferretoblush: Hey I'd love one too viv if you don't mind My first tarot reading with viv was so amazing :elmofire: Viv's tarot readings are *chef's kiss* Hii @ viv I found this cute forg drawing  and will try to replicate it for you Hi, doing better than before :shyduck: 
And I like your pfp Someone needs to tell me to stop sketching in class🤭 Also I'd do anything for coffee rn I'd totally sniff it rn Nevermind I made myself a cup I'll keep that in mind😂 If I were a cup I'd be scared of the vengeance you were about to unleash :forg: Nothing like a forensic lecture to make you lose any appetite you may have had for breakfast God I'm so glad I didn't go to dental school Envying you rn My professor telling us braces are a mark of social status is something :this_is_fine: Yep Indeed, you need so many follow ups and then retainers And the poorer the economy, the higher the healthcare will be Mhm, I get that some things come under cosmetic surgery but those are actually corrective Yeah, so many people don't take good care of their teeth because they can't afford to do that all the time Parents always spend more on their kids' healthcare  than they do on themselves It's a general thing Why don't I live here Here we do have free ambulances so I guess I should be grateful But overworked doctors and horrible traffic doesn't help Also urbanisation The main problem with us is that the tertiary level hospitals are concentrated in a few big cities and people that live in smaller cities have to travel a lot to find a semblance of good care This is something I have seen so much Oof Most of the population living in smaller areas has no access to even basic level care,so by the time they reach the appropriate hospitals our doctors can't help them much This is why I call this system faulty I'm so sorry to hear that No one should have to face anything like this 😂 Anyway I'm going to study poisons now Yikes Why is everyone saying happy 4/20 😂 We have a song dedicated to marijuana that made top charts recently so I may have been the less troublesome kid I just had a 3 hour nap And I regret waking up Also I kinda have to deal w something going so I'll post it in  current events talk Oh never mind I decided not to :ferretoblush: :pls: Hey this is cute :uwu: :lgbt_heart: I never truly appreciated all your LGBT themed emotes :jebus: Aren't all brothers like this:forg: Oof I hate it when this happens My brother did it to me a lot growing up And now I'm sort of taking revenge by playing my music and taking classes when I cook🤭 I'd recommend getting some good noise cancelling over the ear headphones if you can pay for them, or playing some white noise if you're sleeping 🫂 What happened lu It takes a lot to rattle you I think Anytime you feel like talking about it I agree with this Yeah we got ur back here :bife: PB stop treating it like coming soon And actually just tell us when to expect it Congrats I've got to go do drugs By which I mean study pharmacology Mhm I'm so tired And who  called them romance languages when so many languages have so much  better ways to express love and affection :ConfusedCat: Do I not love my classmates sending me work slides and reminding me to study during this time:shyduck: Hsbvdvfb no viv Yep The last chapter Does show a wedding,happily married Sawyer and MC Mhm Yep Yeah sorry, just the married life I did too, it was so wholesome Speaking of wholesome, please watch Schitt's creek when David and Patrick are shown as a couple the show gets so much better and I love how cute that relationship is:aww: If there's any consolation I'm eating milk and cookies at 1 30 am Morning my lecture today is on counselling Guys I love this lecture so much :elmofire: Night sleep well lu The way I just recognize TS lyrics now :jebus: I had neighbours playing music all through my exams Good luck God I wish we had a foster system Some of the ||things I've read and heard about freaking abortions being banned and women being denied access to reproductive rights are so horrible|| ||babies and barely alive||mothers get dropped off at hospitals with nowhere to go and there are only so many ways we can get them help. ||Recently a med student got into that w her male colleague,dropping her off at the hospital(a viral video) she didn't survive unfortunately,and instead of pushing for any change in this brutal system, most people blamed co-education(men and women studying together)|| Haha Baby fever Uh Yep One of my classmates brought a ||knife in 5th grade|| The ||knife was because he liked this girl who didn't like him back|| I got out of that school in 7th grade CW: I honestly don't want to know why ||my friend who passed away last year thought it was a good idea to cross the busiest road in the city. It could've been as easily a suicide as it was thought to be a hit and run so|| Yeah thank you, my current classmates have been really kind to me. One of them in particular listened to me talk about her when I got the news and I will never forget that I'm so tired and I have a class in 4 hours Why did I subject myself to this? Oof Doctors here do unpaid shifts Sometimes I honestly feel like dropping everything and just taking a test that's going to let me move somewhere w better healthcare system and hospitals Also lu can you switch w someone after trying it out I understand your situation and your decision. Maybe I'll 
feel the same in a couple years but right now I don't want to sound ungrateful but I would have a much better chance of learning at a hospital that has a concept of pagers, and not treating medical interns as little more than the person who fetches tea for the senior. This culture is nothing more than ego boosting Although thankfully we're taught to treat our nurses as kindly as respectfully as any senior So that's something I do like about what we're taught, we value what nurses tell us about the patient and listen to them I hope there will be good changes in the upcoming years I remember when I was a first year and had my first tour of the hospital our professor told us he'd been gently reminded of scrubbing in multiple times by the nurse in charge of the OT and he made sure never to forget that afterwards and always to remind every 3rd year class otherwise they were going to be reminded not so gently. Too bad the pandemic happened and derailed everything. Your stories are comforting for me and also the thought I will definitely get my chance someday. Thank you lu:diamond: Queen My horoscope just attacked me Anyway How's your day going Also why do people believe in astrology when people esp those who are in STEM think of it as a pseudoscience I mean I do get that feeling that I am what my birth chart tells me I am And I would never want be the one who tells people who or what to think about themselves,but I guess yeah it's fun like personality tests I have a Taurus but apparently it's in my 9th house Anyway my sun is in cancer which means I'm v sensitive and empathetic which I guess I already knew lol things do affect me a lot Hi margotmuses pl don't be scared by astrology talk I am not into astrology I believe it's a pseudoscience but it's for fun Have fun! Gl studying Why lawful neutral lmao :boo: I literally can't break the rules in a fictional world😩 I choose the last option That depends Okay why the fuck am I evil again Also look at the total description I only worship Taylor swift as a diety Like Pure evil without honor and variation What a mean quiz Lol Of course I would Not sticking around Some of the good options were so over the top Exactly You'd be dead weight I'm barely 5'3 So My mom says what she lacks in height she makes up for in common sense and street smarts and I agree w her Mhm My dad is 5'7 I think if I wear high heels I can take photographs w him, and mom is 5 feet. Asian gang I didn't either, have to ask my brother to reach up the shelves 🥲 Omg same Lu where are you? Here in this photo? Y'all look so cute❤️ Hi! Always nice to meet a fellow tumblr user:pusheenheart: Too cute :uwu: Guys I just ate so much Literally so much Wow I got my first shot today too Will I really feel worse in a few hours Also I feel a little bit bad that mom can't get it since she's covid +ve and well my brother can't get it since he isn't a med student Thanks lu The one I got has 80 pc immunity, Sinopharm and since it's the only one currently available in my country so any vaccine is better than no vaccine LOL Should I be offended Eggs Nvm I can have a bit of an ego at times lol Yep No reply means no effective communication Hdjdjdhj no Omg I didn't know modern family was still ongoing Is it on Netflix Also I did a good thing(I hope), that I'm hoping gets my family through this, I told everyone I knew that they could ask me questions about the vaccination registration. I'm hoping it helps people *not be scared* of getting vaccinated. Because that is a thing you see a lot unfortunately. God this pandemic better end I just want people to make better choices But yeah 😦 Yeah I can thank the people who helped me today figure out where to go in the centre they'd set up Lol So Lu, I have a question Should I be worried about a 120/80 bp if I have both parents w different forms of hypertension ? Like, don't people in general have a lower bp I know that. Guess I should just eat healthy and lose more weight No, I was just a little stressed about my vaccine then But yeah I spend a lot of time anxious about things Now I'm at home I'm pretty calm Mhm, most of the food I eat is salty and spicy So yeah it's going to give me trouble. Indian food in general has a lot of spice Yeah I get that Thank youu! And seriously that helped to be sure Nurses know a lot More than doctors do, they spend more time w patients and guide them I'm  Pakistani and it's really nice to meet you 👋 Got so many texts from my classmates I need slee:hoopla: Slee🅱️ Guess celebrity for a day does suit me I wish it was evening Hi!!! Yeah ig if I stare at a screen for a long time they get a little red You know, I was all about that until some things happened But I respect your choice to live your life on your own terms:uwu: Of course and thank you for understanding that Oof I got headaches because of being dehydrated by fasting all day after my shot. Not sth I'd recommend Anyway you should rest+take some painkillers if you want, use your phone w your right hand Just take it easy and the pain disappears after a day Yep, I kept napping all day tbh. Thank God it was a Sunday But don't exhaust yourself even if it is a week day. Your body will thank you 21 days for Sinopharm too And yes pl rest fae Put on some mellow music, and try to sleep That helped me I know LOA is gonna win Mhm I just clip it as much as I can w smaller nail clippers Omfg Do people name their kids after birth control Also Alexa Poor kid's going to be confused with all the iPhone references And Princess Yeah that's what I meant Sorry brain not computing rn literally 2 hours sleep Ohh, that must be fun I'm more about the wrong schedule here, 8 am classes don't agree w me What's going to be your related career if you don't mind me asking Good luck kyo!! :elmofire: Gl So my country has decided to open vaccine registration for 40+ peeps and since there's a general trend of people being insecure about how old they are on social media. It's hilarious to see how many over 40 people are actually out there getting registered I'm really happy for them tho, means faster vaccination rollout and other people I know can get their turn Good luck kyo!! You got this :elmofire: Omg That's great! Welcome 💜 Pl stream it someday :elmofire: Godspeed :uwu: Guys I just had a lecture on viruses:this_is_fine: Good luck!!! You're gonna be amazing :elmofire: Totally get that feeling but hopefully it'll get better for you guys🤞 So I recently found out You can mute people on gmeet And :duffyevil: Thank *you* for obligating Voltra Anyway, using this power for mostly good ~~for now~~ That's nice I'll just have the nachos😋 Also it's good that they stick to fresh stuff Linguine :dopeystarey: Aw(2) Yikes It's your own decision whether or not you want to get a new pet if your prev one passed away Exactly And every dog and cat deserves a loving home Hey that is such a good policy I wish where I live had that and my mom wasn't so opposed to pets Mhm I've seen so many people my age getting married Yeah I turn 22 this year I did I loved it personally Why are Europeans more used to age gaps if you don't mind me asking? I like the dress viv Please don't get me wrong I was only curious That's so cute I get told my mom is pretty all the time My mom  has a different ethnicity than my dad so sometimes I wish I had her looks Ugh Thank goodness I don't have a sister or I think I'd have to hear that Yeah exactly I'd just cut that friendship She's so precious :uwu: Yeah I get that It's v difficult to tune out such comments and you can't go around picking fights I feel like you are both pretty in your own ways Yeah I'm sorry you endured that I look different than both my parents but idk I'm not pretty in the conventional sense. I did look a lot like my dad tho When I was a kid Mom hated that:this_is_fine: Anyway I should stop oversharing That's how I think of it too, and it is clear that you have a mature perspective on life Totally get that, recognising my face in the mirror gets difficult because I am a mixture of 2 ethnicities so Then it is good for me to remember that looks aren't everything and not a metric to judge a person with. A good attitude takes us far. I'm really sorry you went through this I mean Sometimes Okay bot I look at my brothers and wonder how they managed to find women to agree to marry them Like Istg Sometimes seriously I wonder if I'm a lesbian because of the men I've seen around me People born in the 90's aren't any better Trust me on it Oh thank goodness I live in a country where segregation is the norm I roomed with a girl and thankfully we kept our room clean But yeah I couldn't handle sharing space because of differing schedules Yeah but it makes for hilarity when you find out the other person liked to sleep with their lights on I invested a lot in eye masks lol These all sound like good techniques Morning my class isn't starting for some reason 15 minutes but they sent the link God I miss physical classes and actually going to college Oof one of my profs has covid :( Omg guys I love this class lol It's basically the closest thing to psychology I've studied One thing I found interesting is that they're emphasising the person's willingness to seek help Like, you can only help people if they want to be helped Critical care and disaster management I told my prof about what PTSD is so ig it impressed her Our prof is using IRL events to illustrate that :( Anyway this class and the department as a whole is so good for the feeling of not being good enough for medicine I feel sometimes Because they actually encourage dialogue, all depts do ofc, but ig I feel more comfortable talking in their lectures w/out feeling self conscious I did!! It was pretty accurate ngl And yeah the days have felt pretty much the same So guys I've got a very important day tomorrow Or ig today It's past midnight where I live Would appreciate some good thoughts because my anxiety is through the roof Thank you💙 Thank you all Really appreciate it:diamond: It's okay sushi is going to be the star of the delivery *people's photo Mood Oof Love how we've almost the same temperature I still want to learn piano someday Is reading a skill😂 Because I can read really quickly,summarize texts and stuff Also I know many workouts Cycling etc Good to stay healthy If I ever have kids I'd want them to take music lessons because it's a good outlet I feel Ooo what's that? That sounds so badass viv Mhm Love googling things related to genetics and ending up with CS definitions😂 I mean I get both are related w coding but LOL But yeah I specify genetics+pharma in my searches now Yeah guys don't know their own strength sometimes Oof honestly it really depends on where you are and even after you get into med school you have to work a lot to get a hang of what's going on in your classes Not my prof ignoring rosalind Franklin's contribution to the DNA model:this_is_fine: Okay at least I know abt that :jebus: What Why When How :Bbay: Lol true Hiii 🫂 My sympathies I've been waiting for this class to end so I could catch up on some sleep myself :/ Slide 263/272 Guys guess who has nitro suddenly courtesy of rashon:rooawww: Believe it or not it's gonna help me upload my notes to another server that I maintain for myself No it's mostly study stuff Ugh Why do bad things happen to good people Literally no justice Stay strong viv,hugs Also hopefully you're going to have an easier time w it this time around, if you do have it. Ily 2 viv Guys gonna leave for a while since I've got a major test coming up and I need to focus. My best to you all and hopefully I'll be back someday Hii! Thank you! It's good to be back ngl I've got 20 days until they end but I'm feeling pretty confident I'm gonna ace them this time around So yeah it's been a grind but I'm hopeful about my prep. Last time I was in denial but this time I actually worked hard So what've you all been upto Sounds funn So proud of youuuuuu Yay!! Oof But Wouldn't that have led to more complications God let me tell you what I hate, I hate that there's 1/3 people who have uterus who may suffer from pcos in their lifetime and there's still so little research done on it. Oh I'm glad you're going to be fine Lemme look what my anatomy book says but we study obs+gynae in final year and you don't need to worry at all Yeah true It's unjustified @Arzaylea  the most updated book of anatomy I have says that you don't need to worry about anything Scientists thought it may cause complications but it was never ever proven So yeah you're just a unique person That's all Yeah dw LMAO I need my anatomy grade I hate this subject Oof I know Knowing stuff made me think I was having a stroke when it was just a panic attack lol Oof I get that, she thought it was ectopic? Yeah I think that might be it but my embryology is rusty It's surprising how much things you forget I'm sort of glad a medical degree isn't the only thing required these days to become a doctor Like You have to pass specific papers, and do hours of training at the hospital Thanks drew!! Im so happy for you Lol I was just about to ask ray about his vaccine But go on Yikes Sorry your throat hurts Better to get it checked out I feel And dw you barely feel it The needle better to take some rest+fluids then guys I'm so tired of sitting all the time thank you ❤️ anyway gonna do a workout to get rid of this lazy feeling thankss leslie sanson is a gem tbh, the way she keeps talking throughout her videos what happened ok yeah sounds serious and hopefully the camper will vanish oh i finished it how's the vaccine treating you CanSino was also directed here yeah I felt a lot of numbness in my left hand and a little headache but that's all you probably won't feel your 2nd shot personally i'm just glad someone else I know got a vaccine from China stop grazing it lol Guys the friend's reunion is so good Yeah it's been such a long time coming and so many characters make their appearance GUYS sorry for being excited about this but Malala's also there ❤️ in the reunion fluids plus hot fluids plus inhale steam to clear out your sinuses and for the rest of it ask lu Yeah There's a special place in heaven for teachers that upload their lectures on YouTube Oh Happy early pride month y'all Mine is june 18 someone k word me I can't study anymore Anyway Glad you're gonna be freee I shall suffer for 18 more days But it's going to be rewarding to be done w that final I hope you have a nice meal! ugh i found such a good website but it's in french and even if I change it to english it's not going to be a perfect translation embryology actually google translate is almost perfect though thanks! So I was struggling all day w a topic that I found difficult in my studies and I just found a video that explained it perfectly. :diamond: I honestly want that guy to get more followers Oof Time flies when you're studying God I wish I had hw like that instead of memorizing stuff all the time. And yikes @ 3 hours. Don't forget to stretch and give your eyes a break in between sessions. You got this! Oh this sounds like an interesting course LU CAN DO IT I tried a pun Not good at it but you get the message Viv what :peepoStonks: Guys my city had Extreme heat followed by high speed windy weather idk this much English and it's past midnight, and rain today I'm so happy :elmofire: Like almost all 4 seasons Tomorrow it's 37C The rain cooled things down thank goodness Pack your snow boots And skiing equipment Oof Wonder what do freezing beaches look like Like most medications🤖 I'm kidding Yay! The funniest part about summer is storing every drug in the refrigerator :UCHehe: QOTD why forg? Omg sorry I triggered the bot What I meant to ask was why do you all like forgs Feel free not to answer :forg: So truee :UCPeepoGuitar: Give me a forg playing a guitar and I'll be a happy camper Cute This actually exists Thanks viv <3 Gotta say no one told 18 y old firework her own sleep schedule would be shot if she actually made it to med school :wclap: Happy pride month!! :lgbt_hearts: I like the announcement but what is with the reaction? OMG I LOVE THE ICON @azula  great job Oh sorry Great job to Anhiro!! Annabelle's missing but apart from that almost every one's there! Yeah I figured discord did that 😅 Guess who went offline and managed to finish 2 topics she had set aside, feeling verae verae girlboss Anyway I should learn from this Try wearing a wrist band for a while I wore one in school when my wrist got injured Kyo flexing his grades Now I've got to live up to them Ugh I'm so tired I had to go stuff myself w BBQ today and I'm stuffed but I still have things left to do before I crash gl w hiding that tattoo kyo and I have parents exactly like that so I empathize 😦 on the plus side i took lots of pics w my dad during our first post vaccination outing so I'm hoping I didn't jinx anything. something feels unreal though ik it's wishful to think like this but parents+grandparents should live forever yesss this is so important! even in exam season( which students consider an extreme situation). you have to take breaks to prevent burnout. oof this is why we always tip our servers bc they work so hard in a pandemic and i hate that some people still don't wear masks at a restaurant, you may be vaccinated, but that doesn't mean your server is. oh that sounds pretty important, and taxing. oh god you should have gotten a break please I do. I  wish you could tell your manager this couldn't be repeated. You're such a good friend Guys Guys I didn't get the slideshow but I want the mod This is funny though It's me not finding the mod Omg Avril Lavigne and CRJ My favourites Mood I've been crying so much this week Guys I'm in a really complicated situation And could use some advice Yes I am for now The situation got resolved thankfully I can DM you if you're interested It's heavy Like, emotionally Okay I've taken so many exams That even exam results sound :lesbife: :lesbife: Yet another reason to despise OH Eww Like wtf I can also help w religion Lu If you need a perspective ofc The USMLE exam is score based and then you have to match into your residency from what I've heard. The professional medical  exams my country takes during medical studies are pass/fail though They keep changing the rule for international students though, fun Shrek? So I've been watching this 4 hour long study vlog of a guy And he keeps looking bored Which makes me even more bored :bigmood: We gonna make it viv! :forg: :Bbay: Tbh I do feel like the frog experiment sometimes during finals week I'm lucky I have y'all to stay up with I remember reading an article about the happiest man in the world And Buddhism(although) was part of one of the questions asked from him. He said it was more like a personal philosophy that helped him. I'm very interested in neuroscience myself so it was fascinating to read about him. So I shared a video of little kids crying and still managing to perform something on children's day and my dad commented something like "spirit of working" which is really really impressive considering our generation gap now. God this has not been a good year No it was a different one Poor kiddos Sometimes I read this chat and question my life choices Yep Anyway I love how people laughed in the bg as if it would totally not happen in any Asian household No like, at the end of the video I thought i could hear people were laughing at the mom who threw the shoe and this throwing a shoe thing is something some(not all)Asian moms also do. I realize the video you shared is of a Hispanic mom though. Hope that clears it up👍 Yeah it's a funny story though Congratulations kyo!! Guys The umbilical cord literally grows from 2cm to 20 cm during pregnancy My brain can't come up w anything more intelligent  than human body wack Yeah From what I've read about it Haha you're v much right You should try biryani I just had it for dinner And yeah it's very much the best thing I've ever had Mhm I remember watching Raya:aww: Good bot Oh this works Guys Can someone cheer me up a little Just tell me it's going to be fine Well today has been a horrible news day where I live Yeah I'm just gonna sleep for a while and not watch the news There's this professor(a doctor) whose lectures I found on YouTube for free and I'm hoping those would be helpful for stress management. Thank you <3 we can resume those on the weekends after my exams And the lectures are working Yeah it was down For a while Everywhere But it's gonna be back To answer your question viv, they love to appropriate our culture,features etc and then dislike us for it Just look at all the tanning salons white people go to And then there's all the discrimination they do against us for being brown Oof, can you ice it Better yet, go to a hospital Yeah going to hospitals these days is risky Good luck! Yes Hey Oof I'm trying to get through a textbook but I only have its pdf on my android The book is so good I regret not finding it sooner Oh it's a textbook Like the kind I'm supposed to read for my final Textbook of Clinical Embryology by Vishram Singh would be its name Bruh Also why was everyone so mad at Sofia Girl couldn't catch a break Yeah it's going to be even worse in book 2 tbh Me looking at y'all thirsting after a guy:jebus: Noooo Viv gejhehshe I was typing out a whole list but you beat me to it Shawn Mendes 
Rege Gean Page
Dua Lipa
Taylor Swift(although I'd be too star struck) lmao Oh also Ariana Grande Tbh I would probably just hang out with them Not have an affair In the same BOAT LU ARI IS THE ONLY REPRESENTATION WE GET Aw Omg I thought those only happened in China Yep I'm glad they escaped safely Yes My mom knows that I am, and since I signed up when I was 18 they couldn't do anything about it. I remember watching House a lot in my pre med years(when I wasn't sure where I was going to end up) now that it's become a reality for me. I don't feel the need for it. I feel this on a personal level. Yeah At least UK has nhs I don't know what to say I mean you'd expect things to work better somewhere This is honestly the worst And yes This is why people would rather Not go to a doctor Seconded Yeah good for y'all We don't even have enough vaccines Really love vaccine patents Yeah we have Chinese vaccines too SinoVac, Sinopharm and Sputnik(that was Russian) But yeah really hits you that you're not as rich as the rest of the world Also vaccine patents :( Mhm me too fae Gotten so used to masks it's good I'm going to be working in a hospital Lu w the costume and the customary sunglasses and kalbasq *kalbasa Yepp I WOULD HAVE BURIED IT Anyway This is how I imagine Lu now Me too it was so fun The show So guys is it good to take your therapist's advice? Or do what your heart says because I have a decision to make I feel like I would be more at peace if I did what I wanted But my therapist disagrees Ok so I found something of my late grandfather's(may he rest in peace) an interview he'd given when I was really young and he was well enough to talk for hours. People who know me from other servers know I've been really affected by his death. My therapist says that I shouldn't listen to that interview until my exams are over so as to  not break my focus. But I think I should not have to wait and this isn't making my focus any better either. Like, thinking about all this Yeah I know nothing is going to bring the person I'd lost back So it's better to wait Thanks for hearing me out At least I have his voice Omg Was Kamilah bi? Oh yeah I remember her and gaius now Andy and Aisha are the 2 people I can think of off the top of my head Wrenn too It's so funny to me how Catholics and muslims have the same mindsets in schools I mean makeup was allowed but Internalized Guilt over it Was there Oh dear god😆 Oh :( The most I saw was the occasional girlfriend boyfriend scandal but then I was one of the kids always doing my own thing and we had a ||lot of bad things happening around us|| problem to deal with so I might have blocked all of it out to focus on my studies And I honestly just wanted to get out Still do I'm sorry to hear that O shit Emergency I'm hoping you were able to resuscitate Thank goodness I went to a Pakistani school in 2016 You can guess Yeah I remember that Hearing about that Oh :jebus: Okay but why don't they? I get it That's coercion. To put it mildly Uh Poor nurses ? Viv if you don't mind me asking why do you need to go to the psych ward? Okay don't worry about answering me Hugs We weren't ever allowed phones in school Also teachers are biased and dress code students a lot even in college :( Heaven forbid if you bring a cup of tea to class(this was pre covid) But I wouldn't have had a problem with all that if the same care was also taken with ensuring students are also learning things Also I usually needed something to wake me up during lectures because of my meds and unfortunately teachers weren't happy w that. Anyway. You have to pick your battles because many teachers make it an ego issue when you don't immediately do as they say Wow what the fuck ugh I'm so tired I just want my finals to be over your coworkers sound fun kyo Ayo I woke up so stressed and not sure if it's finals week stress or something else acting up I just feel dehydrated all the time Morning fae:caticon: HI LU Yepp Ngl Oooof 😔 I'm so sorry Lu Take care of it Still sounds painful babe Take it easy for a while I have a  breakdown once a week Finals week make it 3 times a week Yeah I mean, I can offer a listening ear too although I promise I'm only this stressed out when I have exams What's the fun without dancing your heart out? I'll be getting bangs after my exams Just got to find a way to get rid of my own anxiety about results Sometimes I really hate the Hermione part of my identity Anything that helps you all in dealing with this? :nou: Yep. Plus it'll distract me It's pretty much the same with my Asian family(daughters always taught to sacrifice and accept whatever comes their way) and I've used my studies as a way to distract me a lot of family drama. Lately it's been me alternating between crying my eyes out over exam stress(that didn't used to happen when I was a premed and had higher stakes/plus it didn't even happen when I had my first professional exams)  and completely disassociating myself from the situation to the point I forget to take care of myself. Also I've been lashing out to people who have been kind to me in the past thinking they're going to leave me too so it's better if I do it first. So it's been rough and I'm really looking forward to seeing it all end with this exam so I can resolve this grief/anger I have inside of me. In short Emotions are not something I recommend feeling Yeah love makes the world go round and all Anyway the world can always use more empathy so I'm still glad I have my memories of the people I miss Mood Control your brother if possible No Pineapple on pizza is an abomination 😔 Me as a cook Also I remember Joey liking it Existence is pain LOA better come back soon This is late to the party but since I'd read anything but what's on my test tomorrow if you actually have dimples it just makes you unique and isn't a cause for alarm health wise Oof Oh dear god At least you got practice This sounds like me with OH :this_is_fine: Awww But that's so wholesome Yeah that might have been it Also look at that face Please send more doggos it's been a horrible day 50/10 the goodest boy Look at the little rascal all sleeping peacefully ❤️ Aww thank you 💕 Guess who is falling asleep in a library *about to fall asleep,that is No I actually went for a walk in my hospital and woke up Guess who just found out a dopamine detox isn't a fully credible thing Thank God for the internet to keep us updated Uhh Okay let me explain Dopamine is a neurotransmitter People(A psychologist iirc) thought it "could" actually help them through smart phone addiction and other type of things that activate the reward system of the brain if they started to deny themselves the basic pleasures of listening to music,sex and basically anything that brought them joy. Some went so far in the fad that they started to avoid looking into people's eyes when talking. Until Harvard health had to publish a blog saying that this was going too far and a misrepresentation of an original idea. Practicing mindfulness and meditation etc are better ways if you want to cut down on a bad habit. Because you can't actually detox from a substance your body produces naturally https://www.health.harvard.edu/blog/dopamine-fasting-misunderstanding-science-spawns-a-maladaptive-fad-2020022618917 Source also I'm a nerd But a prof mentioned it in a lecture and I just had to look it up Yikes Why do people have a problem with other people getting money Guys wish me luck for the next week Guys Italy won the Euro cup I'm so happy Ugh I just found out I'm allergic to something in a skincare mask i was trying I'm thinking it was a dye Or colouring. My mom's allergic to hair dye and when I was a kid I used to get a rash if I played with coloured play-doh Bright side, it took my mind off the vaccination I'm supposed to get tomorrow I already got it, this one is  for hepatitis B We get booster shots Lu you look amazing!!! I got a haircut too♡ Didn't get bangs though(chickened out) But yeah you look beautiful Hey how's everyone been doing Ahaha Guys I have a question Okay I'm going to ask it in  current events talk Guys what do you feed a calico? I have a stray coming to  my house and she seems to like milk so far Yeah this is why Ive been giving her soaked bread Not milk I asked someone I knew who owned cats and they said chicken should be fine As in boiled eggs? Thank you! Uhh Must have been frustrating to deal with ❤️ Sending you some patience and peace. Hope you feel better soon viv Good night guys my whole batch wants to quit classes tomorrow to go swimming And they're asking all of us to not be in classes "in solidarity" 😬 I'm gonna feel so horrible about it😂 They're probably also going to get an earful from the departments if they actually pull it off. It's an indoor pool But yeah it's still absurd. They should've set this up in the june heat waves OMG Not a good thing to see when I'm starving I googled it and 😋 Guys what's the difference between manslaughter and murder Premeditation,right? Thankss I wish, I'm taking a forensic medicine exam next week and my Google search history looks like something out of a crime show writer's laptop. I wanted to be the cool forensic expert that arrived at every crime scene btw. And you're great at this That's great, I'm happy for you! Meee If you want to learn about firearm injuries😔 It's no wonder I'm procrastinating this test By playing Choices But I have to actually study the firearms too I like trauma too I don't like weapons Yeah,there are a lot of those.. currently we are at recognizing Haha okay Yeah I'll be free from this test on Tuesday 👍 I know a lot of useless facts about ||weapons and assassinations|| now Please dooo I should take a self defence course too tbh I thought it was cluck cluck cluck The best part of studying forensic is how inaccurate shows like Castle  or literally any show that showed  ||on screen shooting|| got it Sounds like a buzzfeed quiz Mood It's so stupid lmao Never found a good brand Aww Hereditary Scared the hell out of me Okay the last one had to be the fault in our stars I read the book thief but left it halfway through Also finished the 5 people you meet in heaven last week I'm taking my time with the book thief tbh(waiting for the right moment to finish it, it's too emotional and I already deal with enough emotion at the hospital) Lu's name causing me to have a stuffed crust pizza at this hour Also harry potter 4 makes me cry at every rewatch I can only remember the jingle and lots of fighting and frowning Homework is the stupidest thing to ever have been invented in the history of mankind I'm sorry I normally wouldn't complain so much it's just I really hate what I'm studying right now Me running away from the test hall Good luck fae,hopefully it isn't covid and just a false alarm I can add other ||depression|| symptoms but I'd rather not Bioethics is kicking my ass You'd think my light-reading would consist of Choices books but no😔 Disney needs to stop making movies that makes me cry though Where Where'd the CG come from On the server icon lol Huh I think I would've remembered seeing it Probably after the revamps I think you mean Acephobes. People really do be having a problem with what others are doing too much for my liking. Ew This is actually such a toxic way of looking at it. I'm glad people supported you. But what the fuck ^ Don't engage 10/10 would eat this bread I know it's a trap Morning guys Happy birthday drew it's the 24th for me:uwu: Mine is fairly common too Also good morning Something made me wake up at 5 AM this morning Weird AF behavior my mind does Anyway switching to online means avoiding morning traffic so I'm hoping(futilely)we never go back to offline classes Also a cutest thing about today, a classfellow's little brother stole his phone and for a while we had a demo of little kid laughing in a lecture of medicine It was so cute lol Same! Thank goodness for September I have so many questions about this emperor I like December but I always have exams then so Violet! Looks beautiful There's this Instagram account @ mikirai It reminds me a lot of Lu Mhm, I love how both of them spread so much positivity and are so badass, just like you Yeah exactly. Picture day at my college tomorrow and I'm here ironing clothes at midnight How's everyone doing We're supposed to dress formally too(blue themed) Ooh! It's class photo for college magazine Tempting Smurf idea I mean but they're big on tradition and professionalism in med school Mhm Astronomy sounds like such an interesting course. I'm studying immunology rn and wish we could trade for a while Me too, picture day is one of the best parts! I still have the ones we took in 1st year Or Freshman year as you people call it in US We look like babies compared to now It must be nice to keep those memories with you. Dr Smurf at your service I look cute in my class photo but y'all will just have to take my word for it since I realize my class fellows will not like their photos in a Choices Discord server It was a good way to have some fun before finals though Thanks!! I'm gonna need it. I hate group projects hey how's everyone doing Hi you all Could really use some support rn Can I talk here about it? So I just had a seizure After being free from them since 2019 Going to go to my neurologist and get it checked out but yes I feel horrible with the loss of control it brings me. Also it's a Sunday, so I can't get an appointment until Monday and it's freaking me out a lot. I hate literally everything about having a chronic condition Idk what's the worse thing about it, the self blame(even though) the rational part of my brain knows that literally any fucking thing can trigger an epileptic to have seizures, or seeing my mom's face. ||Anyway I've been on antidepressants and getting therapy(after I finally came to terms with me having depression) but yeah I wish I didn't have this epilepsy problem to bother my family with.|| Hi just wanted to update since I left a really worrying message here. I talked to a couple of friends face-to-face and I am doing a bit better than before(still scared to sleep in case it happens again). But yeah I guess I'm at the acceptance stage now. Yes I'm trying, thank you so much for listening. Have  been wearing glasses since 2nd grade I also got lasik last year and can say it definitely improved a lot of things for me since I had pretty bad astigmatism But yeah glasses are fun to wear and bonus: you look like a different person when you take them off I must say I agree w Lu tho, contacts are a pain to maintain and I never wore them much Hey it was pretty good I would recommend you get it done when you don't have much work to do And can take a couple weeks off from work My astigmatism meant there was a lot of difference between both my eyes(the right and the left one(3 and 8)) and the doctor told me I was essentially seeing more from my right eye This is why I went for lasik as soon as I turned 21 They just tell you to focus on the lights in the OT,the process is pretty painless and takes 30 minutes and I just held my breath and kept talking to them throughout my procedure Also I wasn't supposed to  open my eyes to look at sunlight, look at screens or read much so I just listened to music or read audiobooks and went for walks in the first 4 days after the lasik. And asked my mom to put drops regularly in my eyes after that. It's been a year now and I've never needed glasses Yeah my number used to increase with my height so it needs a couple of years for it to be stable enough to qualify for lasik Guys how do people manage to sleep 8 hours in exams I mean I legitimately need sleeping tips since the doctor has sort of added dosage of anti seizure meds to the ones I was already taking So yeah I went for a walk, tired myself out and now I need to sleep 8 hours for the meds to work Yeah can't help it The doctor says I need to put my health first though, and I agree And my therapist says that she'll help me schedule things I agree thank you for talking me through it Don't even worry about it I'll try sleeping now and waking up early To study As long as I give myself a month to adjust to new meds I should be fine health wise Good luck fae Happy Thanksgiving guys Mood I didn't even know people ate turkeys Thank you! I had one of my fav things for dinner Also tiktok got unbanned where I lived so I've been living for the cat videos I know it's old news by now but a Pakistani artist just got nominated for Grammy's 💕 I'm stupidly thankful for that Mina's obvs Taylor Swift with a little lo-fi mixed in Drew speaking facts Mine just banned music and long nails and wearing your hair down But yeah lol all of us still turned out to be degenerates Also yeah no matter how much of a religious upcoming you give to your kids, one day they *will* be curious about the rest of the world Nah it is impossible These days everyone has internet Plus I remember asking my 4th grade teacher what 'sexy' meant so yeah I'm pretty sure I terrified her We also had no sex ed, no prom, just something called color day every month when everyone would have a potluck and get a day off from lessons and enjoy I went to an all girls Christian college in high school. We went to watch the Christmas play too. and a couple of concerts. In med school you really can't escape mixed gatherings so yeah you're supposed to look at these people as your future colleagues People still date and make friends though I was pretty attacked by my Muslim extended family because I went to a Christian college(my immediate family was supportive) But yeah I always think it made me more open minded Ours never does either, it's a taboo This is me oversharing again but probably why I sometimes feel so behind on everything that you guys living in the west have already done, I mean yeah a religious upbringing is probably one of the worst things you can do to a kid And I can't help but resent my family for that although they didn't know better Aww thanks This definitely makes me feel a little better Oh I wish I could see snow Nice to meet you Ahmed I can't help but ask, are you South Asian by any chance? Oh that's nice If I never saw a pixorize video again I'd be happy in my life Well they're video mnemonics that help you remember drugs And how they work and what they do to the body But now I'm getting sick of the videos too. Yeah I wouldn't be studying this hard if I hadn't wanted to move to another country for my specialization and had annual exams in 2 months Also graduation is in 2 years so This is why I vanished from the server Guess what I'm saying is, don't be a med student lol your life will never be the same No, they take Indian and Pakistani graduates directly into residency if you clear the steps in the US And the UK has also softened its policy, only IELTS and PLAB 1(which is going to be changed to UKMLA in 2024) is needed And they don't induct you into residency, they basically train you as junior doctors which is still better than the house job program we do in India/Pakistan as part of 5 years of MBBS Yeah lol this is why most people want to go, better pay Also better training Exactly I mean Hate to speak  terribly of my own country But jesus christ Even my senior doctors aren't getting into residency programs and corruption+sifarish culture is rampant At least wherever I go, I want to end up there on my own merit And it's not like our healthcare system doesn't need doctors, we just have a private mafia who doesn't want doctors to serve at the government hospitals here. So yeah our teachers encourage us to do our training from any country that accepts people like us Yeah I'd like to make enough to support me and my parents. I don't want to be super rich. But still So much inflation and so little relief Pretty tired of unemployment too, job market along with working hours is very depressing here. Anyway thanks for letting me talk here I needed a breather from studies and I feel more focused now I've been in this online server for a while(don't ask me what came over me) but yeah oh my goodness I'm talking about a different one,people(men) from ages 18 to 28 are hitting on me But yeah I'm in my desperation+boredom era Okay, so SHUT UP THE DM's ARE A GOLD MINE Honestly I'm worried about the future of humanity if this is the direction straight people are taking it Yep Aw I forgot to blur him out Yep Look at this He studied architecture and sounded completely normal until I told him I thought I might be ace Okay if you found this infuriating you should read this one lol I barely controlled my own anger You'd only understand this if you can read Urdu/Hindi But yeah he opened with a picture. And his audacity ...now you see why I want to leave my country very badly Also the reason I'm not straight Lol Yeah honestly it ruined my mood Yeah it's not your fault. I was honestly looking for some fun online, someone to chat with about my day and if living in the 6th worst country for women in offline spaces isn't enough, I have to be reminded of that in online spaces too? Also the reason why I may sound so severe when it comes to male LI's is this. Anyway I can laugh about it now lol Well my brother was a foreign exchange student and he loved being there His host family was really incredible My mom taught him to cook before he left though. And his host dad(knowing he'd never seen the snow before) once woke him up early to see snowfall in the US So yeah I was a kid who can barely remember that time now, and missed my brother like hell but he did well in American high school and the family was pretty accepting from what I can recall. I remember he once got the flu on a camping trip and they took care of him and didn't worry us. And they permitted him to visit NYC too. That too! I remember him saying they offered him to try alcohol once 10 months But yeah he also did community service, went on Obama's campaign,went on homecoming, and did everything normal highschoolers do Basically it was slight culture shock(for him). But if you're gracious hosts like his family was, you get through these parts. I couldn't apply to that program because of their sibling policy lol🙄 My best friend and my brother's fiancee also went on the same program ,it's pretty popular in Pakistan Only one child from one household So yeah since my brother already applied for it and we share a last name, it was impossible for me to apply Yeah my best friend went to Texas(her host family was there) Basically the program is to make use of cultural exchange scholarships and make sure maximum households benefit from it. Plus I've already crossed the age limit( I'm 22) so yeah no point dwelling on it now Oof Oof Smart lu Yeah those are pretty much a piece of cake for me too And yeah I plan to specialize from outside Pakistan anyway so I think I didn't miss much if I didn't get the US high school experience Although it would've been nice Well my parents have always let us try anything we set our mind to Also he's the middle child Not the eldest one So he gets away with everything And he's marrying the girl he befriended during the exchange trip So yeah I'm happy for him Hey you only get one life Well tbh my parents are different than the typical asian ones. And my brother didn't do the thing my best friend did after the exchange trip He came back, finished his studies, went to business school and now has a job and a house of his own My best friend floundered although it wasn't her fault. So yeah I do wonder if not going benefited me. I would've lost focus from med school And yes, like Amethyst said, right time and place for everything It's okay, you know You still are a pretty successful person from where I'm standing So which country do you want to go to? I don't know yet, honestly my dream specialty would be anywhere from neurology to psychiatry to histopathology(my uncle is one) but my ENT rounds went really well this year so might consider paying it more attention next year. One thing I will never choose is peads because I can't stand working with sick children. Istg I mean Everyone from my eldest brother to my mom is pushing me for peads Because I've been taking care of kids since I was 12 Yeah same I have a gift with them Kids respond to me Even stranger ones Always smile back. But yeah I'm afraid of burning out with those fields Well I mean, I wish I had something like that The most I have is a discord server full of epileptics I definitely have to keep in mind my own levels of comfort. Since I knew only 1 pediatric neurologist in my own province, it was a challenge for my parents when I was first diagnosed and put on my meds So yeah I get what you mean. I was also 12 lol I'm a third year medical student Yeah honestly it's fun I love the pixelbartie emote That's super sweet of you Also, if it's possible for you to contact them beforehand, ask them what they like and dislike. My brother's host family did that. And it meant a lot to us. We also sent gifts from Pakistan for them. I don't know that either,maybe you should ask whoever you're hosting or just get those to be safe Mom come pick me up my parents are arguing over the guest list again Guys if I ever get married remind me to elope I'm also supposed to go visit wedding venues today I love happy endings but jesus wedding planning stresses me out lol I swear Yeah our weddings are more of a food buffet than anything But yeah I get what you mean Those are the kind of people I wish I'd meet I had a lot of fun at my eldest brother's wedding though, we prepared mehndi dances and everything. This time it's covid era and everyone of my cousins is already married or engaged so I doubt it's going to be that much of a fun thing. Plus I'm not a teen anymore I'd probably receive more marriage proposal lmfao Goals Yikes Same Yeah thankfully I and my parents aren't interested They want me to be educated first. I have to keep my grades up though Yeah I've told them I want to specialize abroad and that's not possible if I have a husband to think of too. So I'm not going anywhere at least until my undergraduate. Still, I'm lucky they're understanding and don't bend to social pressure regarding marriage See! Yeah exactly We have to be independent first from their point of view Yeah I got my first proposal at my eldest brother's wedding I was 17 lol But yes a couple of my classmates are married and have kids, I have to attend a friend's engagement next March. Tbf I was wearing makeup,heels and a gown But yeah my dad didn't even tell me and forcefully declined I got it out of my mom later when they all acted weird. Yeah honestly I haven't even had my first kiss yet and seeing my classmates married and with adulthood responsibilities it's hard to feel I'm missing out on much Exactly Exactly idk maybe growing up as a Muslim or as a nerd did it to me lol But I genuinely don't feel romantic towards people Yeah exactly, don't feel like I'm missing much. THIS All the guys are not my type I mean, I went on a friend date with someone, it was awkward. I know what you mean This is one of the reasons I can't take men seriously Enough to date, that is. I can be professional, sure. But they're just so mediocre(not you Drew) Apart from a couple guys in my med school that really know their stuff study wise, most of them aren't really used to cleaning up after themselves. Yeah I've been trying to train my brother not to ask me for everything if mom isn't here(it's going well tbh he really wants to impress his future wife) But it's obvious how mom babied him throughout our childhood Haha I knew how to make tea, breakfast, help mom with chores literally everything while doing well in school and my parents were like, at least their sons had jobs and weren't on drugs Which is a social problem I know, but yeah I'd have loved some more appreciation It's because they're written by women Oh haha don't even get me started on what happens if I introduce my mom to a male friend I'm not even dating So yeah I guess I'm eloping for my future wedding Oof, it's always one parent Well I hope our society comes out of this mentality some day Yeah lol I wish my parents would see me being awkward towards my gender as something to be investigated further I mean, god is it difficult for me to hide my sexuality now That definitely tracks HAHA I mean I have to force myself to fake interest in men Women though After I sent it Be my mom.
Send your daughter to all girls college in high school.
Never think about why your daughter says I love you to her friends a lot.
Never even think about why your daughter has only two female friends.
Never think about why your daughter has had only crush on a man in her life.
Never think about why your daughter has such a problem with marriage in general.
Surprisedpikachuface. Also, add me being out to my best friend in a long while and my mom still not knowing Ugh anyway The less I pay attention to this aspect of my life the better Aw Have you tried getting some help for that You know there's therapy that helps I mean, I genuinely don't know where I would be without my therapist That's definitely a good idea, but a therapist can tell you what to do to help you adapt to the environment until you can escape That too, you can look for speech therapists, I'm sure India has those. I looked into ||grief counseling, depression and family therapy and interpersonal skills after my anxiety got so bad I started having panic attacks and suicidal ideation || in college. Not only did my therapist help with that, she also happens to make me study schedules. Do you have someone who you can approach at school maybe a teacher? Please don't hesitate to reach out to them. Covid has been a horrible time for everyone, so just tell your parents you want to talk to someone who is not them I open up about these things just so I can help other people :) You shouldn't feel bad for not getting covid I didn't get it either Strong immune system (I hope) But the point is, talking to someone you can(a school counsellor, a therapist, without guilt of overburdening them)  helps deal with negative feelings Aw I'm sorry for that Oof I hope you're doing better now If you're young you'll hopefully regain it. DW about grades. Oooh good luck But still then you definitely need a counselor Girl freaking out isn't going to work What subject is first? If you've studied well you don't need to worry I got 1058 in class 10th lol But I didn't have covid to deal with Oof,same But yeah most of what we learn in 9th,10th is useless unless you choose medical and engineering Omg I have been taking exams since 8th class You should see the ones we get in med school Ooh then you need high grades even in these subjects You don't have time to decide unfortunately This is what I particularly hate about our education system, I knew from class 3 that I wanted to be a doctor. I had to study so many subjects to get there Tfw I hate maths I mean, apart from algebra I remember nothing else made sense to me Okay go study kid You have your boards High grades get you far in any field by the way Yep! All the best! Don't stress and take some chocolate in the exam hall in case you run low on energy I played Chapters and Romance Club for a while Didn't like both much Just had a family gathering I wanna sleep for a week now lol Still got to go to a food tasting thing Oh mine doesn't do that I'm too old to be bossed around But yeah I force myself to be polite at several instances. And I *have* missed seeing my family. Eh being 17 isn't the same as being in your early 20's. I usually act very extroverted and keep up a shallow conversation to cover up my social anxiety so yeah. Also being in medicine teaches you to talk to people from different ages I guess. Aw It's sweet of her Mine too, she often can tell if I'm really anxious Haha no I'm a very fast talker And I'm quick to laugh @ myself Like, I was showing my mom a picture of my senior who recently got married, and said: now my mom wishes she had a daughter like that. Which uh sort of points to my own insecurities towards myself. But I'm hoping my family thought of it as one of my usual self-deprecating jokes. That used to happen with me too. Damn I realized I had an assignment to make Bye! Lol It's about behavioral science, our country's equivalent to psychiatry/ethics Nah I usually enjoy these assignments, only ethics/behavioral  sciences assignments make me think and actually apply what I'm studying This is why I put neuro/psych as something I might be looking for studying further I did it🥳 It had only 2 questions 1 about sleep hygiene and another about the health belief model I probably took longer than most of my classmates Adele's album is so good @Arzaylea  I had a question My doctor prescribed me vitamin D3 but he told me to take it with milk, is it the right way to take it? Thank you! I sometimes forget these things pretty easily Yeah of course We review things all the time Currently going on to visit a bridal venue with my family please someone put me out of my misery Just a long uncomfortable car ride with no music Yeah it's the family discussion I'm not fond of I'm playing music though Reached the venue Looks lovely Well we wanted the venue to be closer to our house For convenience 🥶 I can't imagine how cold it must be Meanwhile I'm living in one of the most polluted regions of the world So yeah can't wait for summer again Okay I bet you looked cute Yikes The most the temperature falls here is 17 degrees Celsius Which would be 62 degrees Fahrenheit You don't want to live in the pollution Trust me But yeah apart from that it's pretty warm I mean I'm wearing jeans and a light sweater Isn't it funny how you remember the birthdays of the people you went to school with? I mean, I haven't talked to a lot of them in ages But I suddenly remembered my best friend from class 10th's birthday Woke up with a sore throat I hate my life I remember watching demon slayer That was a little too early for me to read at 9 AM on a Monday morning Kyo I'll join you I've some reading to do Yeah I'll just stream my book dw about it And watch yours when I need a break Yeah I've heard of it lol I guess it was school kids saying it originally We just took it as a joke At least the people who I hang out with on Twitter did. Nobody above the age of 16 really takes the rivalry with india seriously And every kid here wants to be a pilot I hope I'm not the only college kid that feels like they were smarter in high school My slightly political take on it would be that both our countries need to revamp our educational system and our politicians need to stop taking advantage of us but I've been thinking that since my own Matric/FSC so yeah it's not a surprise GUYS MY FRIEND JUST MADE AN EDIT OF US OMG I LOVE IT 😭 They're both graduating earlier than me so it was something I really needed Yeah I'm gonna watch that video every time I feel down now Oh how accurate did they get It was hilarious enough when they served *pani puri* as a meal in Choices Castes The word you're looking for is castes Oh I don't know much about Hindu goddesses Exactly what I was thinking I'd be happy about something like this but it's impossible to get something like this right unless you study the religious texts Absolutely valid Oh okay Exactly, I remember a friend telling me just how extensive the books she had to study were I highly doubt a game app did this much research Exactly Okay this is disrespectful Muslim religious texts are like these too. There are literal volumes of Quran and Hadith Wow this is so shocking They should never have done this And putting a disclaimer does nothing tbh I'm glad I don't play Romance Club I watched it It had really bad depiction of Muslims too, I just watched it for Deepika's acting Mhm Yeah Plenty of Hindus in Pakistan too I hope people in the RC fandom talk about it Yeah I mean Khilji was real But most of these annexations happened because the rulers wanted more land to rule, not women. Also, the thing I found the most problematic was them somehow romanticizing "Suttee" In fiction, we all know what happens at the end, it's shown as a sacrifice I mean It was a good movie to watch though, if you don't overthink Guys is there a text to speech function in Adobe reader? I'm honestly a boomer when it comes to tech stuff Thankss! Good Luck Sleep early today please Drink green tea to calm your nerves Something called SST Uh why? We had board exams in Matric and FSC 3 hour long, both written and MCQ's Yes I know This is what happens here too Lol I got 1058/1100 In 10th Proper nerd But yeah kids got covid to deal with I like this better They took exams only of electives this year of 10th grade. Here, because of covid. But yes I guess the entrance exams are the real game. Thank goodness I am past that age. Do you guys have the equivalence system for O/A level students too? Ours used to put Cambridge students at a disadvantage before they finally revised the policy If you got an A*, it used to count for 90 percent and lower the merit for those students, unlike the students who had done Matric/FSC from Pakistani boards and got 96 pc, 92 pc Yeah my friends who'd done A/O levels were always complaining about that Oh okay Hey hey Deep breaths Look this is happening with everyone,right? Not just you. So yeah. You'll be fine Families really suck in this regard Tell them to stop bothering you Yup you will be Yeah you're going to be just fine, now do something you normally enjoy doing and then go to bed at a reasonable time so you're well rested. Oh yeah I get that I was the topper in my family But eventually I told them to stop making me anxious You said your mom was the one who understands, so maybe get a pep talk from her, okay? Also your batch is going to be more prepared for universities because believe me that life is all about self study All the best! So happy to hear that Moms always make things better !! I didn't want to say it because I knew it was a big deal for you but yes They don't matter at all sweetie I was good at cramming and sciences so I got good marks And got a laptop out of it And got admission in the college I wanted But yes, apart from that, I know people who have scored really low and they have excelled in university Hi! What do they teach you in maths now? We had pretty tough algebra and geometry and statistics I remember asking my mom to help me with statistics portion because she has a masters in that Gn! Have sweet dreams Also quadratic formula oof Math was pretty horrible lol Yeah sounds about right I would rather study anatomy again than study maths They teach you real anatomy in medical school, I still have nightmares 😢 Ahaha this happened with my MCAT I took it thrice Once when it got leaked, once when it was retaken and I couldn't make the cut off, and once a year later when I was already enrolled in my preferred course but wanted to study it closer to home Lol anyway This is why I tell you guys Entrance tests are the real game Yeah this is why I am ungovernable The meme It was so unfair to all of us who had nothing to do with the paper getting leaked but ended up wasting a year anyway Yeah same Maybe to prepare the kids Well I'm listening to piano music Weirdly enough, it helps me study Let me listen to it and tell you what I think of it Spotify has Hindi lyrics? Okay I love the beat and thank goodness I can understand it I think I loved his song Tareefan Yeah his songs were a little objectifying lol But then again, so are most Punjabi rap songs But this one is pretty good I'll never admit it to people who know me irl but I kinda miss my glasses sometimes Esp in winter Thinking of getting frames to protect my eyes from the smog Haha dreaming about upcoming exams I hate it here I hope your exam went well Yay! Oof, same Take some rest Aw, I'm so glad you did well I hope mine go well too Some of you didn't learn geography and it shows Literally all of the tech CEO's are Indian So proud,and it makes me proud to be brown Yeah ofc Going to stream my RC playthrough in VC Guys I ate burnt popcorn I have no shame I wish I went to film school and was rich I wish winx club was real Rainbow bridge? Oh Guys is writing letters to your loved ones considered a healthy coping mechanism? I do that to make myself feel better when I'm missing them, but my therapist compared it to an addiction Yeah thank you! This makes more sense. Wish I could dye my hair like that My hair chalk was this color but it didn't show up my hair is too black😅 How does it look kyo! I wanna see, it's my fav color Guys how do you motivate yourself to exercise in cold weather I'm seriously struggling and trying not to gain weight this winter+reduce stress this exam season Okay never mind I did it and it feels so good without the humidity Come to Pakistan the weather is pretty sunny today Maybe she's just changed during the pandemic A couple of my friends did that, I confronted them about it and they realized they hadn't been treating me nicely during my initial year in med school, but the pandemic made them realize how much behavior matters Also yeah this happens when people get to an older age especially in family Your feelings are really valid but if I were you I'd not talk to her tbh About the change, I mean Friends are a different game, relatives are another. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I can guess which religion too But yeah I'm sorry she was pushy Nobody should be forced into a religion they don't want to be a part of Exactly! That's what I do with a lot of people too. Sounds like the best strategy You can also politely leave the room I use my studies as an excuse often Yay! Can't wait to see Also apparently brunettes need to bleach their hair before dyeing it purple so :( I'll do that after my annuals it'll be my little gift to myself Yeah of c My mom's allergic to hair dye But I've never had a reaction from mehndi So idk Exactly! You gotta bleach first Nope Haha I'll probably go to a saloon for my first time My spotify wrapped is here let's see how much Taylor Swift is here This is so funny GUYS 🤣 It's okay you should look at my top 5 Love how Taylor dominates everything I had a nostalgic moment with Linkin Park I was in the top 2 percent of the people who streamed Taylor Swift on spotify LOL Same It was one of my Twitter usernames for a while lol Also I love Billie Eilish And Shawn Mendes Pretty much all of the ones on my list are those artists that I love Bon Iver ended up just because of Exile This is so cute I remember telling viv my name was willow before I was comfortable enough on this server She's so pretty! Imagine what you'd have done with those days had you actually spent them on another hobby Like mine makes up to 4 days I could've had a holiday I've been playing Romance Club And playing Choices after that, it's so obvious where Choices went wrong The forced LI bit which most of us complain about is not there I'm not saying RC is perfect ofc But once you reject a LI, they don't hit on you any longer, the LI's show actual jealousy if you romance more than one of them And your Choices actually matter, if you don't make smart ones, you get horrible endings lol Pretty sad. Always🫂 lol Hey Rashon! Missed you:forgheart: You ever start a study session and you're already tired or is it just me? At this point only the thought of looking like this in the next couple of months is keeping me going Found my hair color HAHA I'm going to give everyone at my brother's wedding and my cousin's wedding such a shock And, best part, No marriage proposals Yep Because aunties do not like Women who look outspoken and dangerous Nothing tells me I need to study than my forest app yelling at me to put down my phone Guys how do you know when it's time to cut a friendship out of your life(I'm talking about an irl one) Also if anyone from the LGBTQIA would uh, like to listen to me for a while I talk about my feelings they're really welcome to do that. Thanks❤️ What if they're ||homophobic|| and you're not comfortable with that anymore? Initially you didn't know their feelings ran this deep. I mean I'm so sad rn. It's easy for you all, you are taught most of this stuff in childhood, but if you have a religious upbringing,you don't understand ||your sexuality and you think your friends would be okay with your identity, but one of them isn't. How many of you would cut out friendships|| for that? Yeah now I don't think I can be myself with them Because I have been in the closet for so long I got used to pretending to like guys with them Thank you Lu, as always you give good advice. I already know that :( This is one of the reasons me and my friend had a falling out It's pretty homophobic what she said so I wouldn't repeat it. This is the final plan Leave+cut contact obvs I try not to think about it too much Since I study medicine I'm hoping it's not difficult for me to go somewhere where I can live the way I want to Can you loop songs on spotify mobile? Where exactly is the loop? I don't see it? No Artist's playlist Oh okay! Thanks! Happy birthday Rashon! It all goes up from here! I was making a birthday video for my friend And realized we act so silly around each other lol All of my fav people were born today I don't want to hear that It's too early in the morning😢 Just got back from my cousin's wedding I have to say her cat was the friendliest I've ever seen her Finals week gang Panik I'm more worried why I'm not panicking lol Yeah sem In the grand scheme of things, It doesn't matter Aw It's really good to have a sensitive brother Mine was like that growing up and it eased a lot of things for me. Thanks viv! Oof Happens w all siblings tho I'm the youngest and it never stops lol But yeah they usually have your back in the way friends don't do Well we have had our share of fights I mean We used to wrestle Like those WWE Fighters Ahahaha I'm sorry This is probably why I find most guys mediocre I feel, I compare them with my brothers a lot Also the reason I'm bi My brother used to break my toys lol Literally all of them I mean, we used to fight a lot. But tbf he had to put up with a little sister and I stole all his cool points In school Cool points as in he used to take me to school every morning 🙈 @azula She's listening to spotify It's such a loud song lmfao I doubt she can hear the ping Guys all too well(10 min version) is doing things to me Making me cry, that is Also, hoodie season finally arrived thank goodness Me too Both Aw Guys should I get my Pfizer booster just before Christmas or this week? I mean I do have finals till 22 so I don't want to mess them up With the side effects I got sinopharm as the first shot But my SIL was a nursing mom and she said she got fever etc Sinopharm did give me muscle pain plus a headache Yeah every day is important if you've got med school finals unfortunately and I can't study if I have a headache Eh I'll just wait till my 2nd last final And we're not having ward rounds during exams so we should be safe Thanks! I'll get the booster soon,then. :jebus: Ohh Maybe muffins Or cupcakes? I always took those for fundraisers Those sound amazing I had cake for lunch omg Hi I have my exam tomorrow Anxiety getting to me now lol Yep Kinda feel like even the SSRI'S aren't doing much But yeah I guess this is just a part and parcel of med school Viv's got the best stories That's nothing One time I lost my debit card inside my practical copy and created a whole panic,called my bank before discovering it *inside* the copy(I was using it as a bookmark) My family still doesn't trust me w my money lmfao Kyo I doubt you'd have to study pharmacology too Only doctors and nurses study that That being said, I'm finally fucking done with my pharmacology sendup Wow an amazing opportunity Also a lot of responsibility! I'm sure they thought you were up for it Not me remembering all the details of answers to the viva questions *after* my viva has ended :IDKher: Didn't you have to take the NCLEX, Lu? The best kind of mentors do that actually Guys my biochem prof is so cute she complimented my haircut today I'm going to feel good about it for a week I'm not in her class anymore ofc Also after I passed 2nd year one of my histology professors told me I was her favorite student :ferretoblush: Ikr, I was going to give one of my last vivas of the year and she raised my spirits Do any of you have family members that refuse to go to the doctor or listen to their advice at all? It's getting really frustrating for me tbh Yeah ik I kinda want to drag my dad to the hospital after his BP came out a little high despite the meds And my mom to take her being pre diabetic seriously Ik me imagining the worst case scenario *doesn't* help but after losing ||both my grandad and my best friend last year and my mom getting severe covid|| they're all I've left Thanks Adam! I'll get my booster on Monday ❤️ Good luck! Hopefully it's not that extensive! https://youtu.be/kZ9x25yTwdU I love these videos so much My dad's one of them. He's really dark skinned, and the first time 12 y old me for a blood test he scared me to hell and back telling me all about how the nurses could never find his veins Morning I slept for 12 hours I do that too ugh Lipitor Oh you already did that Lipitor actually causes muscle cramps since our muscles use glycogen normally HAHA Yep Oof Yeah if you don't want the baby to be like my cousin whose mom had to cook while carrying the  2 year old in her lap My mom said she didn't pick us up if we were happily playing in our beds. And my grandma had problems with that. But it helps develop independence in kids Hahahaha Cries in 5'3 I have Asian genes Also my mom's so short It's a miracle I managed to be taller than her I'm 160 cm lol Also there was something called the Bengal famine that apparently caused nutritional deficiencies in our generation Anyway Oh Mhm I remember reading about that a little when I went to interview someone whose dad had run away There was a famous poet Called Faiz Ahmed Faiz I went to interview his daughter He was jailed in Pakistan ofc under military rule Uh, revolutionary Yes Yes But he strongly favored Russia when our military was in favor of the US And he was in jail for it Yeah ofc If you're multilingual like me and have an interest in literature you read a lot of interesting things Trying is what matters initially I'm always trying to improve my English too Even though I've had an English medium education since first grade and excelled at it, Urdu is the language I'm most comfortable with. Having spoken it since since birth My Punjabi is pretty good because of my parents and most of the people I interact with in the hospital are from a Punjabi background so I am improving it for their sake. I don't have to think before speaking Urdu, it's what I've been speaking since I learned to talk I wouldn't have known that if you hadn't told me But yeah I want to learn more languages some day. Yes As for the accent thing, I used to feel really bad about having an accent with English(Indian accent) as per Google but now I realize that means I learned a whole language by reading it and learning it myself and that's something to be proud of. Also, the people who've been the most help for me in med school(apart from my own professors)have been Indians on YouTube clearing so many concepts for free. Yep I've always found them so helpful Same Kyo can you call a friend during your final or? True My handwriting gets more illegible every year of med school lol Thank goodness a lot of doctors now use electronic prescriptions I just did half an hour of yoga I wanna die And I still have so much stuff to do. My dumbass put 3 reps instead of 2 reps so I still have 14 minutes to go Okay on the bright side I know I can do this one for a long time People who watch youtube videos, do you guys prefer ambient music in the background or not?? Oh, I mean if someone plays music in the background of their video Would you be more inclined to watch it?? Thanks! That was really helpful Thank you for sharing that Looks a lot like the Burj Khalifa That's me on it I only like it because of its affiliation w Mecca and Medina #irl-squad Ohh I hope you grow to be comfortable with where you are now You'll have opportunity for moving to others I'm sure of it Morning guys Morning guys I got done w my pathology final Feels like I want to sleep for a week haha Good luck kyo Normal If you can make it humorous it's better The ones you get in your DM's and send to your GC to laugh at the creativity Animals dressed up in Christmas hats is my favorite thing these days Uh Na I take a different one I can check my pharma book for you but you should ask your healthcare provider fae Since I'm not qualified to give medical advice unless I graduate Can someone help me choose from these study tables? I was looking towards the wall mounted ones but my mom wanted one that was easily moveable so I deferred to her. I'm as indecisive as a baby when it comes to these things tho Yeah I'm going to get a comfortable chair lol I'm 5'2 🤣 It definitely looks good And I need more drawer space because of all the books I have Yay! Really foggy out today I'm worried for my final exams(how will I be able to reach the center) Cute pfp viv Test Marigolds in a flowerpot Mhm My friend sent this picture to me And I thought it would make a lovely pfp You just made me Google that and I love it What's the prompt? I'm more partial to this one, it's called Nightqueen( *Raat ki Rani*) in Urdu and it may not look like much but it gives off such a sweet smell at night Also Jasmine, one of the ways we'd entertain our grandfather when he was bedridden was bring him fresh flowers every day. It gives off a sweet smell too, and always makes me think of him now Yay! *pretend it's me singing the ciao adios I'm done song* As long as you look on the sunny side I had biryani and cake now I don't want to move:IDKher: *biryani And yeah it's my favorite dish. Yeah our cuisine is quite famous there But I disagree, homemade biryani is where it's at! It's one of the few things I'll learn to cook before moving out Oof what happened OMG your pfp I'm trying to apply for my annual exams After sitting in my mocks Uhh How do you disable GIF's in discord I just had a slight headache/seizure because of the GIF in QOTD, would appreciate you all not sending GIF's GIF's with flashing lights Thanks though, I'll do that Hate having photosensitivity I applied finally Also done w 3/4 exams The last one is ethics I can lift my niece and I feel tired 15 minutes later. I lifted a toddler weighing 8 kg the other day and felt exhausted My brain feels like mush haha Fuck I didn't even notice until you pointed it out Also my teeth hurt omg Good morning everyone Yes I did! I have wisdom tooth pain today The only thing that's helping is warmth And can't believe people still call it the wisdom tooth when there's nothing wise about having pain even when trying to talk What typhoon? Oh I'm really sorry to hear that I hope you guys are safe I'd kill for warm and sunny rn It's 50 F out and I'm freezing Yeah kinda hard for me to live in a city where it's extremes of both sides of temperature lmao Normally I'd enjoy the winter it's just that I have my annual exams at the end of January And I can't study wrapped up in blankets 😂 Guys I forgot to look at my datesheet and I have my ethics exam on Tuesday instead of Wednesday 💀 I was studying pharma before that and thank goodness I looked at the datesheet again instead of showing up a day later This closely resembles one of my stress dreams Mhm You stressing about it would probably lead to more hairfall If you want to moisturize your hair, try some coconut oil. That's what I do.  Check for any allergies before that though Also my dermatologist would probably ask you to check your iron levels She always does that whenever students complain about their hairfall I think so Also you're not supposed to wash your hair everyday. Use a shower cap. Can you guys DIY it? I'd really not like to spend a bunch of money Same omg I used to be really curly-haired as a kid and now the hair closer to my scalp is still curly while the rest of it is manageable Idk what happened Thanks! They just say it to sell it You remind so much of my brother it's hilarious, he used to use a 4-1 product OMG I HATE IT I MEAN I just looked at his stuff when he was last over I'd let you do that but he has a kid who I'm v fond of so 🤣 Straight men💀 !! Ever since I finally got one my life has changed I don't brush my hair anymore Also I keep it short No ew I've heard onion water is beneficial but I'd rather have my hair smell of coconuts than this Same goes for egg and mayo as a conditioner that some people swear by It takes you forever to get the stinky smell of omelette out of your hair and the over shampooing after that ends up causing more harm Guess whose mom did that in her childhood 😢 I think I have another thing to bring up in therapy Anyway I refuse to go within 10 feet of *anyone* that uses eggs or onion in their hair And I resisted that when I got older ofc Idk maybe it's a desi mom thing Guys ethics is so boring omg I mean, the way it's taught here ig I think it's because more of this stuff comes with practice rather than textbooks Hmm, partially right I mean, it's about how human psyche works But parts of it are things I'm uncomfortable with??
The psychological studies like the Trolley dilemma I know I'm not really built for the humanities. I see the benefits, they're ever changing but that's something which is a hypothetical situation. Pretty useful to study though, hospital settings are stressful Yeah it happens On another note, I'm having carrot halwa right now😋 Aloe vera is used for skincare too It turns out my rambling had basis in another paper wow Hey my ethics exam went really well Good luck lu I feel like you submitted something counts for a lot Guys do kids genuinely cry during Santa photos I mean? My niece is crying on sitting on Santa's lap?? Aren't they supposed to be happy? I think she was just overwhelmed Same 1 year old me is eating her  gift wrappers on her birthday party And there are some swimming pool pictures of 5 y old me I would never want out Going to get my booster today 💀 I probably got the concept of santa at that age I watched my first Christmas play in college Aw Ohh You should try the OPTP garlic mayo fries I think those are one of the best Got pfizer guys Didn't feel a thing I think I felt more side effects with sinopharm, but I'll keep that in mind Fuck it's gonna stay forever in my country Omg I hope you're okay, seeing this is pretty traumatizing How do you even admit patients like these? I have an uncle in my extended family who got covid, never got tested, and got an MI because of it. People don't realize how bad it gets Same but it was a grandfather and a best friend. It also gave my mom+brother covid, and me severe anxiety Yeah I'm glad you did I hope they recover soon Honestly at this point my own sympathy level is maxed out Like, I feel horrible of course but the only members of my class who didn't get covid in the past year were slacking on their vaccine Yeah,I've heard every variant of the anti-vax rumor there is, and it makes me surprised how much misinformation there is Omg Merry Christmas everyone! Hope you all have a lovely holiday Mhm You could always see their social media and check what they like Drew Thank goodness we always get money too I mean only my friends know what I like so I'd rather not get more watches,or handbags Nah,I wanted to when I was a kid because I was smarter than all my classmates. But yeah med school is the first time I've really had to work hard I get bored by everything pretty easily tho How did you guys figure you have ADHD? Me too ugh Thank you! Here's to avoiding covid and its variants in 2022 Get well soon lu, glad to know you tested negative 😩 This is exactly the circumstances I despise Hope you had your booster before today Good luck hon, hopefully it's gonna affect you. I once ended up at a family gathering where I was the only person who ate outside but I still took selfies w my cousins(who tested positive a few days later and had symptoms they didn't think were covid) and I avoided it Happy new year's eve! 10 minutes for me And the fireworks are here😫 Happy new year from Pakistan! Such a goodest girl❤️ Aww, Best boy❤️ Looks so badass Hey 🧟 God I can't wait for WtD Damn Hope the police catch him Why people gotta do stupid shit Jesus christ That's a lot Don't you have a garage? Try parking your car inside Update: I found out the reason I couldn't loop songs on spotify was because I didn't have premium then I upgraded because they had a year's end promotion If you guys have CCTV cameras you can keep your car safe The place where I live does but we've still had a few robberies People are way too brave now This is simultaneously funny and creepy Because idk how do they find the time Multiple people maybe Mhm It's pretty much a way to get people to sign up Oh wait that news was fake so I deleted it Honestly it's worth signing up just for the audiobooks I'm busy these days so I listen to them when I'm doing an easy topic Yeah I mean. You never know when they'd be moving on to other crimes Ugh Speaking of bomb threats Freaking hate sharing a border with Afghanistan They even tried to cross the border because the Taliban don't believe in any geographical boundaries I have started staying away from news because otherwise I might get sick from worrying It's been raining constantly since yesterday send help Hate being stuck indoors My highest BMI has been 32😬 That's obese,but I managed to push it down to 28 with exercise and moving back home Now it's at 27 But yeah I wish it was lower I don't want to develop all the complications we read about Yess! Omg you're pretty thin I mean I look like this now That is chubby because I was wearing a hoodie and T shirt underneath HAHA yeah We generally have huge bedrooms because of the weather Like I said I live in an expensive house Aw come on it's my parents' money and both my brothers work Mhm Same I wouldn't be able to afford a place this nice at my own starting salary I can't believe I showed you all my Disney pajamas 😂 My mom got those for me and I got a little teary Mhm THIS I look good in Saris because they suit curvy people *Sari It looks like this basically Yeah I'll be wearing one to my brother's wedding And I'm more excited for it than the wedding😂 March I have a lot of Eastern clothing Like lehengas etc, we love to dress up at weddings So you all would probably be seeing how I look at all 3 functions Idk if it's appropriation? We generally love to show others our culture But yeah you should probably save those for an Indian wedding Mhm,yeah using them for Halloween is sus If you like the way the garment looks, go ahead and wear one. But wearing one to halloween would feel like you're cosplaying It's more for the family but outsiders can wear one too. It's formal attire You all should stop me from sharing more pictures in ethnic clothing Hahaha okay Mhm Me too, ever since I got short hair I don't want to go longer OMG I'd run if my doctor ever did this No, seriously why would you do that to yourself Sir this is a wendy's not my body fat I'm so glad my doctor uses a normal scale Hahaha I'm just an inch taller than Poppy Honestly it's funny how she's small but packs a punch Mhm I get videos of my niece doing adorable stuff and I feel like having kids at 22 I mean, god why are kids so cute. She laughs at everything Well my country would probably be India Without colonization The subcontinent was not 3 countries before 1947 Infact my grandfather migrated from India He was a student when Partition of India happened Yeah you don't need to know much I guess. Mughal dynasty lost against the British East India Company in 1857. And that led to British rule for 90 years before both Pakistan and India got independence From what I've read, the British masqueraded as traders before colonizing this place Wohi na 😂 Even I get confused Anyway the British were interested because of a couple of trade routes and our weather plus this area has always been very fertile agriculturally After that, the way they conquered India was by sowing discord among the Princes(by greed) and the masses, by dividing them on the basis of religion Before colonization Hindus and Muslims were pretty amicable But yeah the division still exists now to the point where we're both holding on to the past We'd be rich too. If I remember the British owed us a ton of money Yeah that was the figure I read No to mention the Koh-e-Noor diamond(in the British Monarchy) now is priceless Yes It's the same Iirc both Pakistan and India have asked for it but the monarchy says they'll have to return everything from the British museum and they didn't want to set a precedent Mountains I guess 🤷‍♀️ Yeah the Mughals were Persian This was your history lesson for the day kids👋 Aw Yeah The Mughal empire was Islamic Mhm Islamic rulers like Muhammad Bin Qasim are hailed as heroes here Huh No Yeah I doubt that. I've heard that 23&me isn't that accurate FDA banned it in fact I'm Punjabi, apparently we're one of the oldest Indo-Aryan group of people around We have the best snacks I don't know what theory is that I don't know about that honestly. This theory has been critiqued in India that it may widen the caste divide Oh, has it been proven? I mean I'm pretty light skinned. But our area has a lot of genetic diversity Have fun! HAHAHA Oh I doubt that honestly, it's because Kashmiris live in the mountains I think it's something between north Indians and Kashmiris But yeah people just try to look whiter than they actually are The make up parlours would recommend you lightening creams and beauty products East Asians and koreans are very light skinned That's sort of why kdramas are so popular here You guys have already seen me Man I like melanin in my skin tbh. Yeah it's very light if you were in Pakistan you'd look like a foreigner Chinese And you look pretty I like you better like this, now if it was not for your eyes you'd pass as a Pakistani Mhm That's me without makeup HAHA this was the Dr Smurf outfit Im trying to not let this praise go to my head Mhm Very few people have such a beautiful smile 12 Ikr! I'm 5"3' OMG Your boyfriend is so cute! Good work viv! Y'all making me feel single rn 😂 Ikr, the height difference gets me Same ngl But if it's a girl I want to be the tall one Yeah exactly!just a couple inches shorter Aw Premium air What's this terminology? Ohh thanks for explaining I feel like both are my type Would Eiko be considered as butch? I don't think Choices has ever done a butch LI 😂 Please tell me you didn't wreck your car You need oil for lubricating the engine/or the brakes?? Don't judge me everyone in my family drives except for me because I have epilepsy 😐 ❤️ Anyway pretty sure if I didn't have it I would still hate to drive in the traffic Sem My parents thought I'd probably have a husband to drive me everywhere But yeah they taught me the basics Like, manual gear driving. If we get a car with automatic gears my parents said I could learn on that Manual driving is so difficult though Aw I remember I thought he was so scandalous for that I didn't know it was okay to have nude art classes in the west You should ignore that like the girl from big bang theory does It's surprising how many stereotypes I've never heard Aw Mhm but it sounds like a  cute one One stereotype I've heard  is that bi people hate being attracted to men The girls,that is Oh yeah I can only show my interest in men safely That's because it's illegal to be LGBT where I live. But many times I do legitimately have a crush on guys I point out And most of the women around me are homophobes so 🙂 Yeah it's terrible I can't wait to leave I've been told by one of my straight best friends that she'd marry me if I was a guy so it sucks I mean I don't think she's straight too(but the religious part)but it hurt me to hear that Yep Religion So yeah I never told her I liked her and spent a lot of time getting over her Mhm Still I think I'm fine now :) Mhm I've wondered how I'll handle her wedding but that's my problem Sorry for bringing the mood down Yeah Man I don't even know But yeah it's not enough for her to consider anything between us. And I respect her commitment to the religion even if I don't understand it. And I don't want to tell her it's not safe here tbh You're as tall as my mom viv. And that's not short don't worry about it Aw Haha my mom was so height conscious for me that she had me climb monkey bars in the playground just because she thought it'd increase my height When I was going through puberty This is a monkey bar btw Short girls are cute uwu Yeah she probably wanted me to be healthier and lose some weight I'm missing my niece more than usual today I hope your niece feels better soon Lu I got sent a video of my niece. She's pretending to eat something and amusing herself 😭 Question for everyone: have you ever faked an interest in something just because the person you had a crush on liked it? Oh I'm glad to know that's a thing normal people do I uh,might have told mine that I want him to teach me chess I just don't find it interesting lmao, and he can't tell I'm interested in him rather than the game :IDKher: What was it if you don't mind me asking Well worst case scenario I'll learn a board game Kpop is a good interest to have Hmm what do you study? Is it human or animal anatomy? All of it? Yeah my degree includes a 2 year course on it. But it makes sense yours would be shorter Honestly anatomy is pretty humbling. You get to appreciate the intricacies of the human body as well as how much scientists worked on it. Did you know that a lot of our celebrated artists were so thorough about human proportions that they used to visit morgues to get the idea of what people should look like Also in that time many artists dabbled in medicine too. Since the curriculum regarding medicine was not as stringent as it's now Man I'm in a terrible mood today How do you guys keep your phone clean I just got a new one and would like to keep it clean because I've heard lots of microbes accumulate on it. Yeah exactly Mine's gonna go to the hospital with me so I need to be careful w this stuff Wonder when will WtD be back from hiatus I never knew a praying mantis could be so cute Probably fireflies by owl city Or OR See you again ❤️ I cried to fireflies a lot when my friend died so I think it's comforting now You know in Pakistan it's a really popular snack We cook it in ashes/sand to give a smoky texture and eat it with spices and lemon Oh oof it's pretty cold here I watched and loved and cried through the whole harry potter reunion And yes JKR isn't here, we just pretend she doesn't exist Most of it was about the movies and the actors anyway I have a link Not of HBO but it's the same quality Are you OK? I'm hoping it's the weather change Can you call in sick? I hope you get tested soon lu My mom's and my brother's symptoms were really different(mom got 99*F before she got tested) and brother got about 100*F but everytime I've gotten the flu/allergies last year I've suspected it's covid but it always was negative. Yeah it's kind of hard to be in the hospital these days. I appreciate how you're dedicated to your patients so I'm hoping for good karma for you. Lu I hope you're feeling better and/or got some rest Oof me too Idk what's it about my brain that takes reading in the car as  time to feel nauseated Ikr, then I'd either open the windows and breathe out or listen to calming music I've read you can use scopolamine patches but yeah I'd rather not,it only happens if I'm on my phone a lot in the car. Yeah I also ask them to turn on  the AC Yeah I know lol Cue me looking at the rainwater droplets trying to make them race against each other Oh every time I'm in the backseat it happens! Also the weather is hot here most of the time so opening a window will give you heatstroke It's only in Dec and Jan we can sit by the fireplace we have in our house And turn on the heater in the car WHAT You should go see them, you're missing out Ok acceptable I live in a city too, but the mountains are like 4 hours away The best thing is the pressure in our eardrums,I get excited in driving through the mountains and the sickness doesn't effect me Since I look out all the time Honestly I could live in the mountains forever if it weren't for the lack of hot water and natural gas and phone signals Man I remember my brother drifting at like 140 km/h on the motor way when we got a new car Little me thought it was the best thing ever As they should be There's something sexy about a woman driving a muscle car No muscle cars are different I know Night HAHAHA What's it with people hating on stick cars Yeah 🤣 I learned to drive on a stick Oof Yeah my parents say I should learn on automatic now But I'd only be able to drive after 2 years:( True That's the interval needed to be seizure free here Having a car and being able to drive does give you a lot of independence One of my favourite cars is my mom's vitz It's small and turquoise in colour and it's better designed than the new ones they came up with What does that mean 1000cc if you're asking about the engine It's a pre 2010 model so my parents actually bought it cheaper from a doctor Ohh Make the bumper grey and the paint a deep sea green and there it is Honestly I like its interior the best Ohh I was wondering what was different I hope you have a swift recovery lu Rest and stay hydrated,eat a high protein diet And I know you already know this but please monitor your oxygen levels and take your temperature every 6 hours. Gargle w hot water and buy a steamer( or if you're like me warm up some water and inhale the steam) to get your sinuses unclogged if you have a cough and flu like symptoms💜 Why is he such a cutie omg❤️ Look at the little hat I'm crying 😭 HAPPY BIRTHDAY KYO🎉 Have fun!! Also sushi:shijudge: :shijudge: Guys stupid question but the booster doses you all got were only 1 shot, right? Guys I'm having trouble with my perfect match answers 😂 Submitting the quiz I mean Life does not want me to find a match Yeah it worked now Test Okay Someone telle to go study and not waste my time on a cartoon Hahaha I knew it I did the opposite dw I remember when the internet and desktop computers became extremely popular in my childhood. One of my favourite uncles(my dad's brother) used to play this song on loop
https://open.spotify.com/track/3WMbD1OyfKuwWDWMNbPQ4g?si=zwz8EMKwSjWmK0Q__EhBMw&utm_source=copy-link Today I found this song and it's passed the test of time:aww: It's the first English (not my first language so I didn't like many English songs when I was a kid and wasn't a fluent speaker) song I wanted to listen to on repeat Anyway today I realized I'm old:dopeywhat: :LMFAOdead: I was feeling that way about tooafraidtoask The med school curriculum is not much more open to the concept of different sexualities, we're taught to be non judgemental and uh, well it just says that that people who are attracted to the same sex are beneficial for evolution. My dad was oddly chatty today and told me so much trivia(what would be considered trivia now) about his childhood I sometimes get surprised by how much historical events he's seen. I learned he was alive at the time of JFK, and thought Mrs Jacquelin Kennedy was one of the most beautiful women in the world. His stories sent me down a history thread about the Kennedy family Hi I'm finally done w 2 of the most difficult exams Slept 5 hrs last night😩 Hahaha I just woke up to see this,thanks everyone you're the best❤️ What's with your mom trying to control what you do with your hair Mine can be pretty awful when it comes to lgbtia related stuff but she has never been like this when it comes to hair Ugh I'm so sorry fae You can shave off all your hair for all I care, just dye it a great colour Also I've seen you and your hair looks so cute I'm so glad you actually made a channel kyo I've gone down a YouTube/reddit/actually reading a couple of articles rabbit hole about kcstauffer, an Instagram channel about twins i used to follow a couple years back God it's so heartbreaking what happened. What's with people being addicted to fame I'm gonna rant about it in #current-events-talk How's the snow treating everyone? I saw on the news that it was really bad. I hope those of you in the US stay safe I'm glad Yikes, don't go out please Oof, I didn't even think you all would be on duty today too Okay I hate that you all are having to deal with this but it looks so pretty. I hope that power doesn't go out And get supplies in case it does I mean, we have a backup usually for electricity(but it doesn't work past 12 hours) I'm glad you do I always either have exams and/or summer break. Used to hate having summer break as a kid You can't get friends with strict parents together Now I'm too old to care lol Oh I got held back a year Lol my parents made me repeat 'prep' so I'd be eligible Honestly I think it gave me an edge, I was smarter than most kids in my level Same happened with med school. Ergo why I'll be graduating at 25 Like I applied for the one I wanted and yeah it was a little more tough to get in 5 years My program is a professional degree though Bachelor in Medicine and surgery So the non professional ones are 4 years here too And I would be bound to do one year internship. The five year professional degree take more out of you LMAO If you want to be called a medical doctor, you have to be committed to a 5 year program and a foundation year(called bachelor in Medicine and bachelor in Surgery )(MBBS) Same goes with dentists The normal bachelor programs (like biotechnology which was a backup for me, are your standard four years of undergraduate education) Yeah I've just got 1 more difficult year now Honestly the US has a longer path, students do 4 years of undergraduate*before* being admitted to medical school It's honestly a big responsibility to be responsible for human life so yeah I get why our programmes are longer And I always liked school even as a kid Yes I can, I will be taking a licensing exam tho Like the USMLE if I want to go to a residency in the US, PLAB if i want to go to the UK, and NLE if I want a residency in my own country I don't know yet No I have 2 doctor uncles living in the UK,we have a more difficult time because of terrorism and well, it honestly depends on which government is there It's true for every country now And well, brown people like me have always been discriminated against. They do say it's easier to get into britian as compared to the US Like, the people are really welcoming there because the majority of Pakistanis go to the UK to work in NHS So do most Asians It's also most expensive Compared to the UK, the prices are 10 times more So people like me who don't want to bankrupt their parents usually choose this Source: I've done more research on this than I could probably handle The UK isn't easy either, residency programs are longer and you have to pass language proficiency tests(I wouldn't need it in the US) But yeah it's really hilarious how it's only valid for 2 years and is totally redundant if you have had an English medium education since birth I'm so sorry you all lost him, he sounded like an amazing friend . May he rest in peace. Yikes I'm so glad the concept doesn't exist where I live Actually it does,in a couple of universities, but I didn't want them Somebody wrote meth instead of maths in the session goals of the study server I'm in lmao They edited it to maths so I'm sure More fun to imagine them doing meth while doing maths though Only helps you focus if you have ADHD Literally everyone knows this I always have a hard time seeing Mercury in small thermometers tho The silvery line is pretty easy to miss. But yeah I'm practicing so I don't have trouble w patients I kinda like the current one:uwu: I was thinking of Liam as #1 but you said they were LI's of color so No 2 is probably Bryce Why do I know so many descriptions of Choices LI's but not enough to get distinction in med school 😫 Me @ myself I'm so curious Man if #1 isn't Liam I'll really regret voting for him:mmNo: Also what's up w everyone voting for #3 I'd run away if a guy suggests marriage material Yeah I preferred the other LI in MOTY but I can see the attraction I don't think Choices has an ugly LI tbh Uh the cute guy w the long hair and chest hair I can't believe I forgot his name again We need more hairy LI's Mhm He had the perfect amount 😍 Another LI also does, I remember Cal❤️ Well chest hair is a defining character of South Asian males I doubt that I've heard many brown guys face a little discrimination in female attention because of it. But yeah I don't know one guy who doesn't On another note, a cute junior doc kinda made my mom's day, by commenting on her beauty I love people who are genuinely nice in healthcare Guys suggest some toys for a 1.5 year old I was thinking about a train set but mom says that they need a lot of work and the trains keep sliding off course Ohh Thanks viv, I'll keep those in mind when I go shopping ❤️ Ngl I can see my niece doing that Today she was obsessed w a cardboard packing,it's funny how you can give them some of the most mundane things and they'd not want to play with their toys Aw I can imagine little Drew doing that There's a couple pictures of me actually eating the gift wrapping on my first birthday My brother stopped me from eating ants once But yeah I also ate mud/dry soil w a friend We only stopped eating dry mud when my brother threatened us We also climbed trees to get to the mulberry fruit in a park lmao Kids are really unhygienic lol Man I miss being a kid and not giving an F what people thought And we grew up before the Internet thankfully Also the first time I rode a bike outside, I took it straight to the road and had an accident w a garbage cart I used to sniff them And I tasted a rose once thinking it'll taste like rose water LMAO I got scolded sm afterwards My brother more than me because he was supposed to be watching and had gotten to start talking to a friend :pleb: Trust viv to top our stories Who even allowed you near legos Mine are sugar free chewable pills but they taste nice Taste so good I used to have special k cereal Now I just have weetabix for dinner Now I wish I'd voted for Bryce You're weird stop asking Man I can't believe white people came up with a day to make single people feel horrible 😫 Yeah I mean good of you to celebrate it w your SO I just think I'll take myself out to dinner/go out to dinner w my family We deserve to feel loved in our lives I'm usually not bugged about being single( rather prefer that because I can be high maintenance) and I've never looked at married couples and thought I want that And yeah med school does tend to consume your life lmao I think marriage is a good idea if you're compatible and want companionship Man I loved up LMAO drew you read my mind I never ever want a big ceremony like my brother I have anxiety I didn't cry, the last time I cried while watching the movie was TFIOS, Harry potter and the goblet of fire, and the 6th one when ||Dumbledore dies|| I have to be reeeaally invested in a movie to cry Aw I genuinely find most horror movie deaths disgusting Same :( I can't believe I missed up but I hope y'all had a good time:uwu: Yeah I was too busy sleeping 😴 
Timezones should not exist I do this too lmao Underroot and square cancel each other out as far as I remember And the square of i=-1 I was right ✅ 😌 A neat trick I learned in HS was that taking underroot of a number means that that number is raised to the power 1/2 actually @Arzaylea how long should we self isolate for covid if we had contact with the person on Sunday and it's Tuesday today My brother just tested positive I hate it here Haha what language is that 😆 Man the surrender trailer is so funny Bachelorettes are so difficult to guess No 2 is def Jackie I feel No 1 maybe Hana Alana 100 pc❤️ Happy valentines day y'all ❤️ Make sure to show yourself a lot of love today❤ Man I didn't even think of Quinn At least 2 of my guesses were correct Wonder who's my valentine Drew's date sounds so good Also fae Wonder how viv decided on our matches He did get Sawyer which was like..his secret I probably got the best of the lot😎 Thanks viv❤️ 
The date sounds so cute Thanks Viv, how did you know I had a thing for musical people I was v sure I was gonna get Liam lmao But yeah I'm glad it's Hana Drew would probably riot if he got one too I would riot if I got Drake or Ethan Thanks viv for coming up with the cutest date ideas For every person Hippo lmao The reasoning was kinda touching but.... imagine dating a guy who has a hippo tattoo whenever he takes his shirt off I'd never take him seriously His dad used to fatshame him and his mom made him feel better about it by calling him her little hippo, strong and always being there for people Yeah I used to be really chubby as a kid but my mom still called me Bloom when I asked her(I was obsessed w winx club) That kind of shit stays w you tho Yeah the whole turning it into a dystopia didn't work And I only watched 2 episodes before I got tired But yeah I liked bloom most of all, and Aisha(shout out to another poc in that show) Yeah I don't remember it now,maybe time for a rewatch Thanks ❤️ ❤️ Yeah oof The og winx even had a  Hindi version I remember watching it obsessively on the cartoon network(Hindi) we used to get So did Barbie movies My first watches of all of them have been Hindi, didn't even know the English version existed Test Aww I remember polly pocket too, used to even play those minigames on the internet Harry potter of course The scene in which all of them take off their clothes after the ||gringotts vault raid|| had teen me feeling like I was watching something forbidden lmao She's so pretty omg Istg And I always have a thing for people who have.. like perfect makeup Girl crush would be Katrina Kaif I didn't watch a lot of Bollywood when growing up.. but she was and remains the best looking actress there for me Omg I think I had a thing for a guy in probably 5th or 6th grade He's so cute Also, the guy I had a crush on, ended up inheriting the bakery his dad owned Annd asked my brother about me the last time he went to that one Aww My brother got *both* flowers and chocolates for valentines day His fiancee wanted to make it a surprise but the delivery guy had his number and called him to ask his location :hawyee: LUUU YOU'RE BACK Guys An honest to God real cat showed up at our hospital today The nurses tried to shoo it out but there are a lot of hiding places it could have found in such a huge hospital But LMAO I'll share photos they're pretty funny Yeah I advocate for breast feeding since it reduces the risk of breast cancer in women but jesus some people are mental with the judgement Yeah I've heard people making cats vegan too and I'm like idiots they're literally the lion family. It's harmful for them Alexa play my life sucks I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT'S A SONG Lmao My arms and throat are killing me This flu really kicked me in the neck I'd have thought it was covid if I'd had a temperature Please keep texting I'm enjoying your drink updates Man if it actually is covid I'm gonna be so mad at my brother Anyway I skipped gym today because even deep breathing makes me feel like my throat is made out of sandpaper Sangria sounds sm fun Isn't prosecco fancy wine I like how alcoholic drinks are so colourful and visually appealing Make sure to stay hydrated and throw up in the sink when you need to In case anyone is having a bad day, I'm inhaling steam and getting tested in a few hrs Also my niece is supposed to arrive tomorrow I hate it here I remember egging you on Party animal lu 🥳 I'm so freaking bored till my test results come🙁 I wonder why my doctor prescribed me(a suspected covid patient) famotidine(a Gastric ulcers drug) I tested negative 🎉 Man I'm exhausted Being sick sucks I want a stun gun I want a stun gun, another week off from school, and a bag of crisps Oof GWS You're worse than my parents I've to beg them to go get checked out by a doctor. And I can't believe other people are like them too If it's Femto lasik you don't feel a thing And getting it was the best decision of my life I was blind as a bat without my glasses lol Noo They just shine a light into your eyes and that's supposed to be it They do make a new corneal flap tho, and I'm sure the eyes under anesthesia(during lasik) wouldn't feel a thing The hardest thing for me was keeping my eyes where they were supposed to be https://youtu.be/t80CNT5KK90 It's a small video but it explains it really well The video you're describing, I might've seen it on Facebook too, and it scared me out of getting lasik for 4 years. Until I fell on the road in college and realised my astigmatism was really bad Morning everyone God I hate the ww3 jokes sm, 😒 Nothing funny about war,if you're not Ukrainian you aren't even affected by it, people don't know when to shut up Ah I'm sorry for not using that channel 🙁 Thanks, viv found it Hey everyone my exams just ended Went well I come back after *days* to this discussion :jebus: Omg Good for you Man tf is wrong w discord not showing pictures? Highkey love the server banner I can't believe there aren't more fans of Eli Oof The stories about teachers in #truth-or-truth are so sweet they might give me a cavity Istg Morning everyone I dreamt of Zombies all night Like, I'm in a legit zombie apocalypse and they're saying to me and my friends that if we cooperate they won't hurt us badly when they eat us Aw Is it just me that finds this hot? Aw The vest💪 Hey can someone explain what neopronouns are I thought they sounded like xe/xim, ze/zis But in another server a guy goes by he/she/they and another one jokingly said you could be bread/breads ? Isn't this strange? OK thanks 😊 Hii luu Every time I come back I hear you guys talking about a cursed topic Doing great, thank you! I hope things are okay at home💙 Ahmed hope your first day went ok Gl kyo I honestly don't see a problem here??? Even our college professors sometimes will ask us to introduce ourselves by going to the front of the class. The posting family seems out of the blue tho. And what's the "raised Islam" thing she's talking about? Yeah it's really funny I'm sure if I grew up in the west I'd only speak the "universal language" too If she's a teacher she shouldn't be so clueless Yike Tell him to scan it properly Maybe it's a personal hygiene thing Considering how many illnesses are transmitted from improper hand washing technique/dirty nails/bare feet and feco-oral route I'd appreciate these things being taught to regular people I remember one of our profs taught us proper hand washing techniques and how to brush our hair in 6th grade or so I know Americans are really lax about these things I'm sure you have a nail clipper at home Anyway My spotify got hacked And the person who hacked it had trash taste And now my recommendations are shot Shuddering to think of my Wrapped now It's this thing Yeah of course! Mine was really strict about it, but my army run school had weekly assembly checking to check students' nails HAHAHA this is why I said Americans are more relaxed Yeah I have them too Only mine were pink It's something to do w being disciplined istg We also weren't allowed to wear a hair tie other than red Or wear our hair down LOL We also had to memorise the 12 times table upto 20 Like I said, I was really glad at leaving Anyway it was helpful when I took SAT Ah I had really curly hair till 5th grade or so when puberty hit, and now the only curly part is a few baby hairs and the ends are wavy Maybe it's because I started using heating products, or because of continued use of sulfate containing shampoos Whenever I style my hair to be curly I just have so... much volume I went to a lot of weddings this spring and I loved curling my hair HAHAHA Did you already enroll? Or give a couple of exams? Oof Tru We are getting 9 days hallelujah Shut the front door Taylor Swift is getting an honorary doctorate from NYU In Fine Arts 4 hrs every 12 hours? Like, 8 hours daily Yike Have you all thought about alternative sources Because constant load shedding in Pakistan we have UPS and generators everywhere It's basically just a way of life here lmao No, a generator is something that runs on fuel in your home And a ups is battery run which charges during the time when light is here, and when it's not, it provides electricity Both were a blessing a couple years back. Now the problem isn't that bad The fuck is that icon Sleep You all got 2nd booster? Ah ok Yea I got 1 booster too but I was wondering why kyo was so late Guess who woke up at 7 15 on first day of spring break 🎉 🎉 Me too All I've done today is yoga, painting and helping mom w freezing strawberries Ikr, we were supposed to get 10 days but we got 8, I'm just going to take the rest of days off:caticon: There have been a couple of funny icons Okay I'm in r/lgbt and some anxiety and depression regimen subreddits thankfully they didn't change a thing This was a prank which only 4 people will understand By which I mean indians But yeah every year they come up w a weird as heck flavor on April fool's day I'll let you try it and find out They had sugar free jalebi on a wedding for the diabetics Very I think like the syrup yall have w waffles Guys imagine being born on 1st April My cousin had a boy today Poor kid is gonna be bullied for the rest of his life If he's got muscular legs then hot So uhh When are we going back to normal icons Nothing I was just wondering if it was for 1st April or all of April Yoga or other relaxation techniques before bed I think You can bite your tongue in your sleep don't do that Try asking him If it gets too much pl get someone else to intervene lu You don't have to put up with this Yea they all sound boring to me Yea I think I'd either choose theater or music like you did so these sound good Teachers who are passionate make for such a good course One of my 4th year courses(public health) is notoriously boring but I'm enjoying it because the person teaching it is not boring Me too! Hey I passed my exams guys One year closer to being doctor smurf If you lived in India you'd be dealing w 43 degrees Celsius We are having the hottest April in 72 years, thank you Global warming Thanks everyone ☺ Oof Honey Viv I'm so sorry We're here if you wanna talk about it💙 Or if you want us to beat someone up We love you too Oh what the fuck You should talk to your neuro about this @azula see if you can get meds to control seizures Mine make me have a slight headache if i get triggered like that and passing out is..not good I hate horror movies Most of them have flashing/flickering lights Also, why the hell do people on instagram and tiktok not use epilepsy warnings on their videos? Zero moderation I swear My butt will disqualify me🥰 Oh First time I ever heard of it Is there a bad friday? I know I was just teasing God your restrictions sound so much more normal than Muslims Gimme all the spooky I couldve gone the rest of my life without remembering *that* debate Ugh I *might* have forgotten my earphones in class today How to sneak in and get them? Currently im trying to not get kicked out of library by playing my video at a v low volume Happy Easter to all those who celebrate Test My class rep texted at 8 fucking pm today that there was a quiz tomorrow at 8 am I wanna throttle him Thank you! Funnily enough I did know some things Guys Newborn babies are so cute And smol I saw a day old baby In gynae ward He was no bigger than my forearm Also his face all scrunched up when he cried Too cute and wrinkly and pink He was barely the size of a loaf of bread Truly a marvel how humans grow from that to adults I was scared of picking him up😂, thankfully we were only there to interview their moms and not on our gynae rotations Hey Viv might have a seizure on seeing the thing in #memes Thank you Thankfully I just caught a glimpse I have disabled the images Love you too Viv❤️ and don't worry it was my duty 😅 Afaik alcohol *in moderation* is fine, but marijuana is controversial and more research is needed So better not I saw a MasterChef contestant named Monti(after Monte Carlo) who had named her son Danger Imagine dating a guy named Danger in college IT'S RAINING Aw It's the no one voting for Untameable for me😆 They remind me of subway cookies I hope the lighter looking ones are oatmeal raisin Guys suggest a cartoon character that 2-3 year olds like( I already drew baby shark) . I am making cards for my niece. She's obsessed with cocomelon on YouTube kids I am off til Thursday Eid Holidays Interesting bit of trivia I thought you all might be interested in My cousin studies at a design school in NYC called the Parsons school of Fashion design It just clicked for me today Grades don't matter much now Even in medical doctor type jobs Which puts us Asians at a disadvantage Because we don't have the money to come to the US and get experience here and the experience we get in Pakistan doesn't count Obvs this doesn't mean you should fail exams Only 6 people showed up to class today haha Serves them right for setting a test right after the holidays Lol The test had no weightage in the final grade so they allowed us to discuss it before submitting it like an assignment Happy nurses day Lu You deserve all the love and kudos I'll give this one to the ladies even though I play with M!Black Is double lidded eyes an Asian trait? I mean Half the time I have a hard time putting on eyeliner is becaus my eyes look like this(different shape obviously) Yea that's why I think it probably varies Ngl I like this euphemism better than aunt Flo or the red wave Same Oh i forgot you were so young haha Congratulations on finally being legally able to drink And it's all downhill from there😭 Happy birthday eve eve Seriously it's like you blink and you're staring at 24 Which is basically a geriatric Woo I became an organ donor on turning 18 Literally the only thing I could do But yeah Eh No biggy I'm gonna be dead anyway so I tell it to everyone to encourage them Mhm Abdul Sattar Edhi sb(idk if you've heard of him) but he was a Pakistani philanthropist who ran a free of cost ambulance service here and in many other countries So he was one, he died the year I turned 18(he was an organ donor) and I signed up Me too viv Yep No Twilight slander in my presence haha Edward fore-vah Kristen's so pretty Seriously I love her new looks I can see it yeah Wait what happened to the LI poll? The one in #announcements Oh right i just saw the server icon Nothing nothing I figured it out Rae !!! Congratulations @red hot silly pepper  so proud so happy you're so talented you're gonna go places Yay D'Aww Such a cutie viv congratulations Hii I watched the 2002 version Didn't even know there was a new movie I've recently been watching Hindi dubbed Harry Potter with my mom She hasn't seen the series so I thought I'd get her into it. She's currently really enjoying it I refuse to be part of that group No I'm not that old Also we care about Mental health We are more open about it The things I don't like, is cancelling people without proof, and fancams and tiktok Although I have a friends born in 97 and I don't think they're old, so please don't take this the wrong way Also I genuinely don't care about people's ages, I just have lots of anxiety about missing out on life and milestones and whatever and that's where the thinking certain ages are old comes from. It's my problem Ageing is a privilege Not many people get it My grandfather was 94 when he passed away He was so young and active at heart he would still follow the news and sports from his tablet He used to walk 12 km daily in his childhood bec it was really far away from his village and he'd seen the partition of India, the 2nd world war and the 3 wars bw India and Pakistan in his lifetime. He was the best and the most jolly person I knew who could talk to a child at their level What I'm trying to say is, you are only as old as you believe yourself to be. He also knew what all his kids and grandkids were upto at any moment in time, and he had the most amazing stories to tell since he'd been to the UK on a teaching program. I understand this about having older parents my dad is 64 and mom is hitting 60 soon so I get worried about their health a lot I used to do the breathing thing as a kid a lot Plus as a kid and teenager we're more prone to making impulse decisions because we don't think a lot about the consequences, it's the fact that mostly adults see the pros and cons and like to weigh their options before making life choices so this is why it takes time to figure life out No it could be either bad dental hygiene or wisdom tooth pain If I were you I would gargle with salt water You should start flossing too The latter(wisdom tooth pain) is more likely then Nope,for me gargling took care of it, talk to your dentist if it gets worse. I was in the same position before I found out I was getting wisdom tooth pain. And it disappears after a couple days. It takes a couple years for it to really grow out enough to get it removed Obvs I'm not a dentist I'm just telling you what it could be based on my own experience. Yeah so see a dentist Gargling will too Guys Our balcony glass just shattered from the hurricane And ended up outside and in our porch Scary as hell because it was really thick and sturdy and sounded like a small explosion Guys it rained today I'm so happy Yeap Thankfully pleasant weather after a long time The hurricanes were good for something Guys there are road blockades expected in my city due to political protests and my public health department is taking us out on field trips Fingers crossed I get home early I hope they cancel it ive been meaning to guess whos been in this hospital for 2 yrs starting 3rd year and only discovered today that the library had wifi wait you're pretending not to speak the local language? has anyone watched top gun 2 can you guys tell if the movie had flashing lights? thank you so much Rae:VIP: no it doesn't, it's only flashing lights thank you for the warning anyway thanks again Rae I watched the movie and I loved it, didn't bother me at all we got a new prof in our 8 am class and he locked the door after 10 min now people keep knocking and he locked the back door too glasses I couldn't stand contacts yes, my mom's best remedy is a tbsp of honey+ a little bit of black pepper plus gargling and take some steam to keep your throat and nose from drying out this too, put ginger,lemon and  honey (for flavour) in tea and boil them. work to clear out throat thirded my niece went to watch top gun 2 I'm so proud wonder how toddlers behave in movies though the one at ours, kept quiet after the movie started can you watch something to take your mind off of it aww congratulations how old a kid has to be to graduate highschool in the US okay that makes sense thanks for telling me guys so high school seniors are basically adults I thought it was 16 oh, the age to drive here is 18 yeah I don't really think that's an issue I mean, as long as you're responsible and most teens in the US have jobs unlike here where we have kids on bikes(much more dangerous) with petrol prices rising I wish I had a job but I simply cannot manage with medschool can't wait to graduate same thank goodness we finally got a notice of summer vacations I love listening to instrumental jazz to study with I wish we had cool courses like that what degree is this supposed to be for? btw
toddlers and babies are so good at self sabotage
niece had a fever of 102 last week and kept refusing meds finally her parents mixed them up w flavoured yogurt, and jello(different flavouring each time) then she deigned to take them the witchcraft course looks really interesting bachelor's in history? infact, all of the courses do I'm sure you'll do great The only course this year that mildly resembles arts is public health which deals with research and a little stats and visiting places like medical waste management plants, vaccination centres for now last year it was ethics I don't have adhd and I think I def would struggle with a language. Germany is a nice country they even hiked salaries keeping in mind the rise in fuel prices and they have free healthcare mood I have heard you're your own worst critic though i was going to mention the same ngl happy fae day 🥳 why do all these white people look so familiar only one is left that says high schoolers but uh, the OP doesn't have one guy that's an adult LI in the post is military service mandatory in Korea? for men only? btw love the new icon viv how is dubai inexpensive what why can't I suggest a question yeah I did we already have 20 maximum questions yeah being a single parent is hard and it's clear that Sam cares about his kids. he's also hired a nanny instead of dropping his kids off at his relatives' like people in my country would do 🤔 when you become a parent you don't stop living wow what a jerk aww hope you get well soon kyo ugh btw did you all get your 2nd booster I got mine a couple days ago in my country if it's been 6 months since your first booster they're giving you a 2nd one. the more I hear this the more I wanna work in peads at least kids tell you the truth about where their boo-boo is acc to the peads docs I have talked to you should hear the grown ass  people calling their wives having a baby years after they have had a vasectomy a ~miracle~ sir I have something to tell you first day of being w my niece have figured out her newest fav cocomelon poems and baby shark has a newest remix apparently too bad I eat twice the amount of carbs and proteins dubai is so hot lmao babe, red flag I mean, not that being down bad is bad but the marij talk i would nope out of there anyway here for you guys I made friends w a puppy today he was so friendly he literally jumped up to lick my hand when I bent to pet him and called him a good boy wish I'd gotten a picture man I wish I had a dog his name was Mario he kept running around the fountain @ the beach energetic little boi mhm, his owners were so sweet too. dog people really are the best yikes 4 pb should have made a wlw cover of ID but they are cowardly cowards my school admitted kids at age 5 into nursery so my mom got me into kindergarten at 4 y old in another school. I was a summer baby, still I took MCAT twice to get into the medschool in my district this is why I'm graduating at 24 many of my classmates would be 25/26 y olds, it really does not matter when you're older :this_is_fine: what happened viv hopefully you slept hmm what everyone said flight got delayed by 3 hours but at least we got a McChicken w fries for free hahahaha I wish I could d word i have mids on Monday and haven't studied and it's 3am ugh I used to feel really anxious about being almost 24 and single but remember life and relationships don't have any timelines hon and I'm not opposed to a rebound fwb but if anything it's good to date yourself for a while after getting out of a long term relationship. find out who you are girlllll so true! doctors aren't the first choice,and this is someone who is in medschool ( exceptions are always there of course) it's past midnight here, and I'm studying for an exam and I just had a big dinner and the ironic thing is my exam is about gut pathology and I'm one of my classmates who still has a sleep schedule and doesn't smoke or drink showw I want to cut it so it brushes my collarbones but I am waiting for winter the eye candy was good why do I not have the role:IDKher: happy birthday vivi sweeping leaves? Viv why's your life like a soap opera but yeah please report Tobias most exciting thing I did today was making popcorn yum guys my cousin got his PhD today yeah I only undestood like, 3 words out of the title of his thesis he got it from Dartmouth I'm related to very smart people go viv girl Taylor Swift is your best friend at a time like this but yeah snap out of it in a week or two otherwise you will only have her in your top artists olivia is a queen god I love her songs aw this is like me trying to convince everyone I'm 5'3" whereas in reality I'm probably 5'2" Today was my first day in the ER and I learned that hypoxic patients don't *look* hypoxic I mean, she had an Oxygen concentration of 68 pc before we gave her oxygen and was still able to stand and move around thanks for the correction lu I'm a 4th year med student and in my country we start having clinical rotations in different specialties as soon as we pass 3rd year, the intern year comes *after* we graduate medical school ( that's year 5) I was assisting a resident in the medical emergency when this happened, we do really basic things at our level fml the patient I was taking history from had just recovered from covid:this_is_fine: rough endoplasmic reticulum oh oof the nucleus was sorrounded by RER I see that now oh god I remember that one I would honestly tell my nieces to call me by my name being called Phuppo/Auntie would only make me feel like a stuffy adult not to mention this word has negative connotation in our culture this is the scariest anatomical diagram I've ever seen would you guys believe it if I told you a facial muscle is actually named Levator Labii Superioris Alaque Nasii It's like someone thought, how can we make med students hate their life more, and named it that you should look at the abs