hi! fav book is ES and LI is Quinn thanks! I know like 4-5 Michelle Nguyens irl No lol Lol The ones I know either went to work as a teacher or majored in business lol Corgi Black Liam is underrated  Lol I dont got any Just seeing if everyone is having a blessed Sunday/Monday :jebus: Lool ummmm  :jebus: :jebus: :jebus: :jebus: :jebus: :jebus: :jebus: :jebus: :jebus: :jebus: Happy New Years Get in shape lol Happy Birthday! Also the yearly rising costs of tuition hurts a lot of people Oof Im so sorry for your loss Crow I havent had a pop tart in years   Hey hey hey hey Dumpster diving tho Lol Jk Post it Yes Lmao also loving bacon is always a plus WandaVision Mhm Mhm I havent watched it yet so I will see how it goes  https://tenor.com/view/dwight-schrute-rainn-wilson-the-office-gif-4104008 Queen ayy Thx god I dont need that TI-84 calculator anymore *shudders in trig class* I feel like Im gonna fail Is it shogun?  Ayy Only did world history in high school  Watergate Because she was great Dude did anyone here watch the tudors? Lol Jefferson Aww thanks 13! I think We were...close Yea U passed? Congrats! Lesson one: wear a seatbelt Who says I wasnt  ? Oh Yea Lmao Shhhh Hahaha Fast and the furious? Okay So Today is Thursday How are yall feeling Bye firework The all caps shows the emphasis But yea I hope the diamond and pearl remakes are announced I never played Pokmon snap :0 My dad was the same way. As soon as I got my license I was driving him around Wait Do yall have Mario kart? On the switch? :0 Lol Get one I think i failed my quiz Almond milk *chefs kiss* Is that Mona? Team Ayna You got this! Nice Toasted poptarts > microwaved poptarts Imo TH:M  Hows the program coming along? Oof and I thought I had a busy day at work At least its over and u can get some rest Mornin evenin  Deep pizza is awesome Deep dish * Im also eating pizza rn so lol I dont mind the extra tomato sauce on deep dish but some people do Looks delicious True Any broth? Nice So mac and cheese and chicken nuggets? Lol jk Actually Mac and cheese and chicken nuggets is a great combo Macaroons are life I havent had them in a long time  https://tenor.com/view/hiding-the-simpsons-homer-simpson-bushes-disappearing-gif-8862897 I mean Oof Lol I took Spanish in high school, teachers were cool Yea its a fun language Took it to the highest level for college credit but sadly I havent retained as much  Yea that was my issue I didnt practice Spanish outside of class much I can understand written Spanish but speaking it I butcher some words lol As soon as I graduated my high school they started offering German and Chinese in addition to Spanish and French I wonder how that went Asl was taught at a community college nearby Yea I agree, I think they should have offered it at the school rather than having students go off campus Yea I heard its not universal different countries have their own version So its interesting how each differ from the other Lol The breakfast sandwiches at subway are great Chicken noodle is the key! Feel better I just realized I dont have the 18+ role either lmao Whoops lol Yes please Cursed chat in SPL hasnt been active in a longggg time lol Thank you! College is NSFW  soo.... Lol I mean to say parts of it lol my bad But more importantly get that degree ya know Honestly the test doesnt look that bad People want to complain to complain Its the whole anti science conspiracies for me Once gyms were shut down I saw so many conspiracies being shared on my IG Then when gyms opened back, the conspiracy theories were gone  Fingers crossed its negative congrats! exciting i was watching a clip of the longest yard with adam sandler in it classic i can finish one if it's thin crust thick crust is pain lol i love thick crust too, but i cant finish a whole ass pizza lol I started learning how to drive when I was 15 lol 14 isnt uncommon Lmao Caribbean father told me to drive in my early teens Idk its a Caribbean thing ahaha Oof Awwww Corgi Corgis are fun Little hyper cuties Same Doggo Golden retriever My boss had a Golden doodle So fluffy Im working rn so no alcohol Also its busy season for my job  Life of an accountant lol Awww the family is growing UC schools have high standards Just depends on which post grad ur applying to Like the program Because of testing and other requirements Grad school you gotta do the GRE or GMAT And their own application of stuff to do Plus some may interview and all that jazz Personally I had an easier time with grad school applications lol Congrats! https://tenor.com/view/work-gif-10001544 Dragon ball All time favorite  Taro and pearls My favorite one Nice How did it go? Aside from your feet hurting Nice Smells like a job well done feel better Viv! cat wait viv is your mom? lol not really alirghty the tree :WTFthonk: nice doing 23& me or ancestry dna is kinda cool interesting feel better kyo whattttt nice ancestry dna didnt do that :/ but they had a cool map Happy Birthday! Peach Happy birthday! *me having my fan on at full blast* https://tenor.com/view/rafiki-simba-the-lion-king-the-circle-of-life-gif-7400003 Simba nooooooo  I liked the Cinderella one NGL Aladdin stan gang stand up It was good Oh also beauty and the beast live action was good too! They should have but I still enjoyed it Ahhaha https://tenor.com/view/thriller-michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5577709 I remember seeing the Movie before it came out in theaters Yea people talked hella loud esp when movies like the avengers came out Its fun but can get annoying real fast Same That theater was packed Nice Yea like the theaters have been loud when its movies like marvel. Harry Potter and Star Wars ESP opening day Dope Now I want to try my real age quiz lol It sounds like you may throw in some songs from NWA in there lol if youre talking about old la themed music Lol Lol Oof  Lmao This is like a 18+ server now lol Get it checked out. Better safe than sorry Rip also for uber if it's your first time, I think it's free? w/o tip ooo that 20% off promo? that's clutch oof was it during surge pricing? i would say take the uber/lyft depends where you were at the time. some places in big cities charge more How did u get a pic of my car? https://tenor.com/view/futurama-sospecha-mirada-look-gif-7194479 https://tenor.com/view/ronswanson-parksandrec-computertoss-gif-7654029 Leave me and my pink car alone lol *laughs in automatic* Mood https://tenor.com/view/thriller-michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5577709 I love my fast and furious movies tho https://tenor.com/view/fast-street-racing-muscle-car-race-car-cars-gif-4550935 Shhhhh universal studios might do that Nah they gon race the avengers cuz of family Fast Five and Fast Seven were the best among the series Confession time: I bailed on watching Thor and watched fast five in theaters oof babu is wholesome tbh squirtle gang etts Excuse u? Lol Im the one who should feel old lmao My high school 10 year reunion was more than a year ago lmao Lmao I remember my high school reunion. You were either married, have kids or just living life Some brag but very few do Just another opportunity to catch up on lost connections I dont think it has much of an impact as it did back then since it is social media Our reunion ran out of food We ditched the local restaurant to a local dive bar Some of the high school peeps I knew in high school who were conservative are super liberal now College changed them Yea I talk more to my friends from college than my friends from high school I hope they would do a drive thru graduation if anything I know the vaccines are rolling out and people are antsy to see each other again. But doing a normal graduation would do more harm imo Hehehe school Yea 10 mins from the beach and surrounded everyones favorite fast food places Good luck! When is the earliest u can be vaccinated?  Also the test doesnt include lifestyle changes soooo Never had one before, would like to try it now. Can you do one for me as well please? Done! I hope you feel better! Get some rest! Oof Oof https://tenor.com/view/popcorn-watching-weekend-vibe-gif-5457118 Im sorry to hear  https://tenor.com/view/popeyes-fried-chicken-fast-food-popeyes-chicken-gif-19150012 Popeyes sound good now Thankfully theres a KFC and a Popeyes nearby Also a Korean fried chicken place near my house It is God tier combo In n out burger: double double with fries and a coke :e_minor: :e_minor: :e_minor: Drew knows whats up   I just got hit with nostalgia Yo is that light blue shall a ncls one? Aka the honors student sash? Ayeeeee fellow ncls gang CA sitting at #7 lmao LmAo truuuu :WTFthonk: Oof Awww shitttt  Should have replied to her Lu Lol Lol but u know what they say, happy wife happy life Lmao Lmao dont worry Lu we care about your happiness too I have never watched modern family lol I just got into watching Brooklyn nine nine Boyle is a classic U should not 120/80 is considered normal Slightly below is ideal Raining here in my area Also Lion King  1 1/2 lol never watched is it good? Ahhh gotcha I used to lol. Anaheim and Disneyland trips Mhm I used to have a Disneyland pass so I went there so often It was After class, go to Disneyland and eat a turkey leg And get fast passes for space mountain Also see the world of color Its great, passes were so cheap Now they are a arm and a leg for a pass California adventure had one great roller coaster  Oh no  This Damn u || covid|| I got friends who work at Disneyland but nobody gets me in for free  Sue them, get paid Add tissues to ur shoes Boom 54 My uncle is deadass 63 and my cousin is 62 My part of the family is short Aladdin top 5 Disney movie of all time, dont @ me Did anyone like the live action movie? Part of me preferred the animated one Lion King animated > live action https://tenor.com/view/fist-bump-boom-big-hero6-hiro-hamada-tadashi-hamada-gif-15787218 https://tenor.com/view/drake-and-josh-megan-gif-5173450 sometimes my memes get taken down  stop  it's good chaos lol thank you i wish more people loved my memes  wait what was the post? my career high is 11k upvotes wait what's everyone's most upvoted post on the sub? LU lmao yea yeesssh harsh Get some rest! Gl I have a chocolate croissant,  life is good. Thank u Costco Facts Costco pizza, chicken bake and the churros *chefs kiss* I remember this game, wasnt this illegal by Kam? Lmao Yea its a bang-bang play. But the hit was brutal lol Its fun! I dont like that Trend of unplugging the game Like that is soul crushing lol Thats def me Especially if basketball was unplugged Lakers Ur boyfriend needs to reevaluate his basketball team Viv lol Oooh thats nice Omg Meh I think its laker colors Tell him to be a lakers fan Voltra is a Dodgers Fan everyone lol jk Wait whats Rpdr? Oh nvm I got it now Lmao oh well! I tried  Oof how much longer? Almost there Roomba gang! I have one too Its so nice https://tenor.com/view/dogs-excited-ride-roomba-i-am-king-gif-5215965 ..... Happy National Nurses Day Lu! https://tenor.com/view/thriller-michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5577709 Why does this remind me of the one episode from the office where Kevin Malone tried to revive the turtle he had lol Oop Morning Both Both Blue Me dealing with clients everyday Im telling you best taquerias in SF YES La Taqueria in SF? Super famous .... The $7 burritos though... *chefs kiss* Thats rough  hope your evening is better Would love to do that for  tax season :pleb:  Lu Its great advice Also dont forget to stretch, thats stuff is relaxing Lmao cuz its true More People need to chill https://tenor.com/view/puppy-laying-down-grass-playing-dog-gif-19869900 Not the apple puns Then youre gonna look for I-Rain Best advice I can give to whiny coworkers and bosses no cap My old college had a park in the middle of campus Great spot UC Davis has like the biggest campus in terms of space Hi Good bot I shouldnt be included But whatever All yall need to lie on some grass and chill lmao I mean u should during the day Taxes arent fun So I def turned my camera off in my work meeting No regrets Oop Drew Should I get a cheeseburger or a chicken bake? Yes :0 U must try one Kyo Its so good I mean u shouldnt need a membership for the food court But I got a memebershipn Lamp Actually no. In n out double doubles and sprite I aint stepping into Costco anytime soon Have you heard of Sams club Its like a store where you can buy groceries in bulk BJ is a restaurant Their pizza and Pizookies Cookie dessert with ice cream on top Yesssss Its cool https://tenor.com/view/dwight-theoffice-identitytheft-not-a-joke-gif-4948829 Maybe BJs the restaurant is also in the grocery business? https://tenor.com/view/dwight-jim-face-deep-fake-dwight-the-office-gif-15788632 https://tenor.com/view/happy-halloween-costume-not-happy-funny-dwight-schrute-gif-15443318 https://tenor.com/view/the-office-asian-jim-randall-park-race-racist-gif-4473989 There lu So I got the cheeseburger Metta is a happy camper Nah Costco They sell these bomb cheeseburgers Its delicious Just the bun, burger and cheese lol Simple things in life make it fun Lmao I should be doing work but Im on break Whew Same My notifs are turned off except for mentions and DMs The Cali chat? Oh I havent gotten gas in over a year yay hybrid vehicles Feel better Viv! i do the same lmao Saffron city Celadon city Cinnabar island hi Accurate I say tubular.... Jk The only time I saw the word tubular was in a super mario video game And that level was the hardest level in the game Oh really? I never played animal crossing whoops lol Icic I dont think anyone in California here has said tubular Its more like dude or bro or bruh https://youtu.be/yldPsi32yQc Also Kyle reminds me of Kel from good burger at times https://tenor.com/view/burgers-gif-4185452 Lmao I remember I used dude in front of my boss one time Whoops Lmao Oh no I was gonna say indigestion, but do you have a fever? Headache? Maybe tonsil stones? I would def get it checked out Yes Gin is torture though. I feel I can get used to bourbon easier than I can with gin Gin gives me heartburn so I avoid that like the plague lmao I mean PB could give Poppy a redemption arc.  The series is still ongoing compared to BB My high school was pretty chill People smuggled drugs like E at our grad night in Disneyland We blew the schools budget lmao. The big incident when was I graduated and there was a huge fight involving 70 kids That 4 for 4 deal is clutch tho Frosty Gotta get frosty Schoolglad Im done with that Bet Lol my boss would promote u ASAP if u finished all the taxes And your camera would be off during morning meetings Biggest pet peeve of remote work Leave my face alone boss Lmao he would scold about shit that wasnt done Only to find out he did that task And does a 180 on his tone Post it. Fuck the haters Gotta celebrate your success :peepoClap: :catvibing: I replayed it recently Just to remember f!robin is more of a LI than gabe and aislinn in LOA :kek: PB needs to compensate you doppleganger lol i dont think any PB sprite looks like me i would freak out *cough pineapple doesnt belong on pizza cough* *runs* https://tenor.com/view/true-the-office-rainn-wilson-dwight-gif-6163462 Dont worry firework I agree with ya I mean eat what ya like, but personally I aint a fan of it lol Pizza with white sauce is amazing Tried didnt like It. Lmao I prefer having sausages, pepperoni and chicken on my pizza A meat lovers pizza is a godsend Can't forget about him! oof didnt read the previous messages >_> Count sheep lmao CAT cant relate cut my nails https://tenor.com/view/cat-type-fast-busy-kitten-gif-16655467 byeeee https://tenor.com/view/thanos-dance-cool-fortnite-gif-14058740 https://tenor.com/view/wee-woohoo-yay-baby-yoda-gif-18127486 https://tenor.com/view/brain-same-wavelength-twins-thinking-cosmic-energy-gif-15106217 Voltra and Drew Selca is Slang for selfie Dont be hatin https://tenor.com/view/damn-you-gif-8690903 Lmao https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMdDjxNeS/ :dogeheart: :dogeheart: :dogeheart: https://tenor.com/view/tommy-boy-oops-backing-move-back-gif-14638988 Oof Thats embarrassing Poor lady Oof I can hear the wallet crying Interesting I wish I had a summer vacay Hope ur mom is okay Drew Im assuming bara is something Japanese Because I heard of it once :dawg: welcome Wait That exists?!? I rather not I showered with slippers back in the college dorms But I havent heard of people showering with socks Slippers were used for the dorms At home is barefoot https://tenor.com/view/facepalm-really-stressed-mad-angry-gif-16109475 Same Oh boy Lmao I walk around in sandals cuz they comfy af Wearing socks on hardwood floor can make ya slip too Drew knows whats up I mean wearing socks in bed is normal if ur cold :MunchlaxMunch: Queen size bed ftw Yall got memory foam pillows? Game changer I have my own queen bed Comfy Yall have a memory foam mattress top? Shits good for the back 0/10 do not recommend  Bunk beds were great when I was little Lmao Lu how tall are u -___- Lol Nope Chihuahua Lu got that short girl energy Im guessing 50? 49 Oof 56? My cousins are 63, must be nice U wanna donate some height to me? 57 Lol Lmao U were close My great grandma was 511 Then she shrunk to 54 Lmao Dont get old peeps trust Lmao Damnnnnn My chiropractor was 49 She had the strongest handshake ever too Shes not lmao Lmao aye Have fun with hw Oof Lol #multimedia-shabang have you gone to a sleep doc for it? I remember my driving test I lost points on not looking back long enough -___- Hey hey I passed on my first try My reverse was legit But my left turn the proctor was like u need to look over more Im like :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: I know people who were in their 20s who havent gotten their license Dont feel bad Aka parking lots Also go karts Lol Lmao If youre old, does that make me ancient? Lol Lmao My instructor just said u passed and also said heres where u screwed up Im like just gimme my damn license Lmao My instructor went by the name of scary Larry He failed a lot of ppl He specifically wore tie dye shirts everyday, had a high pitch and gave vague directions on the test The scary part was so overrated My friend failed twice and rage quit to only go to a different dmv to pass his test Lu wants all the smoke My friend hit the curve as soon as u exit the dmv Shortest test ever He drove stick My other friend failed because he stopped in the keep clear zone Lu gon teach us how to drift too Like fast and the furious https://tenor.com/view/fast-street-racing-muscle-car-race-car-cars-gif-4550935 https://tenor.com/view/han-drifting-tokyo-drift-flirting-lucas-black-gif-9472688 Yep Lmao I remember I raced a Porsche and won in my Honda Lmao One of the people who worked at the restaurant I used to buy lunch from Would race at night going at like 170 Did u win ur races lu? Aye Move over Dom Toretto, Lu is the better driver Lmao aye that green Honda was my dads old car Tim! Morning I would say get McDonalds Because big macs are the key to success Not sure if anyone here watches soccer but that Italy/england match was intense. Congrats to Italy Mornin Pero why I love the beach  something about chilling in the water is relaxing Or the sea urchin that can sting you  Oh man is it humid too? Yikes I dont miss it tbh I used to live in Florida Summer was torture with the humidity Hopefully u can sit under some shade! Depends on the two lovebirds lmao Hopefully its short Some vows can go on and on and are some I do, I do Wedding food and dessert are on point I remember one of my friends said no young children at her wedding Someone threw a fit about it because they couldnt get a chance to show off their kid in wedding attire Lmao Whattt Im for sure having that rule if I get married. I dont need kids going mommy I stuck cake up my nose teehee! The kids at my cousins wedding were so annoying Like dude nobody cares about ur life advice of eating veggies Her mom needs to discipline Lmao One of my friends from college is having her wedding tomorrow but noooo invite  We hung out a bunch and talked post grad But whatever It is what it is Yup Watch them be like why didnt u invite me to ur wedding!? 

Me: how come u didnt invite me?  Weddings are expensive, why do I feel like I rather spend it on a bomb ass honeymoon Lmao One person rented out an in n out truck at their wedding Yea I was like who are u and why did u take my idea I swear the parents who bring their kids just want attention.

Them: look at my kids! Dont pay attention to the married couple I used to work for a catering company. I saw a couple spending $1,000,000 on the food I felt like a peasant Yea Im renting out food trucks Comfort food And alcohol Lmao Not me crashing Kikos wedding Kio*  :butwhy: Awwww Oh boy Baby Bartie?! Lol jk jk +hunger Brunch food for dinner Omlettes, waffles, hash browns, bacon, champagne Milk My parents only had like 20 people at their wedding lol Super low key Lol Lol Is that the same professor who was cheering for Italy? Ah Oop Sounds like a typical toddler :YellingWoman: :Periodt: :IDKher: :bartiemad: Yas Bad bot U should sue the perfume company Get rich Drums or flats?  My friend said the same thing She loves kids but doesnt want to have them Lmao My friend ranted to me how babies are parasites and can make mothers sick I was like dayummm Lmao :kek: The balls on this man :catvibing: :peepoClap: :MunchlaxMunch: Fellas I dont miss living in Florida  https://tenor.com/view/kermit-the-frog-drive-driving-gif-3965525 Happy Birthday Viv! Oldboy was really good I was gonna suggest a spider man movie  Jurassic world Some random person added me to her friends list on the peloton app. No idea who she is but I vibe with it lol Lu found me on the peloton app, dope Light mode hurts :peepoClap: not heating pads, more like using bengay or icy-hot lol Bio freeze or arnicare is ur friend Nurse Lu breaking her back to help patients, we salute u Also buy this, your back will love u Lmao I remember when I was 10 I would always look for mechanical pencils at cvs and target 10 year old me was interesting I love getting sucked into last min meetings that last multiple hours  Rip chill Friday Im looking dont worry They are clients that I like Plz do lmao U would be way helpful than the newbie U would love my coworker Hi Youre hired Im alright, thankfully its Friday Yay Awww Coworkers make or break your experience Ayeeee Yea I had a job where the work sucked but the coworkers are fun I still keep in contact with them I want a coworker that provides me snacks I am one Lmao Awww Thanks Lol Lu is my work wifey Thx god for her otherwise clients would cry Lol Office romances are no no Its not like choices, its all bad if its downhill Lmao https://tenor.com/view/chanclas-spanish-mothers-slippers-flip-flops-target-practice-gif-16399423 I would avoid it lol Yea My ex was a coworker of mine No bueno Ok first of all We broke up before we started work All bad man All bad Take it from Kayden, date someone who is not in ur field True Yes Accountants are MVPs Accountants works way more than 9-5  Same wavelength pretty much? That would be cool Lmao Depends on where ur at tbh My NuRse friend dated a coworker of his All bad 0/100 do not recommend Lmao Yea he avoided her so many times Lmao what Lucky I want an autograph Athletes are in good shape Take care of themselves And have money And worshipped Lmao Aite who is a celebrity yall met in person Or athlete U met Bryson tiller? That dude who sang dont? Fuckkkk lucky Lucky U ever heard of the rap group New Boyz? No picture either? Lucky I would have bee like oh fuck its him Ah fo sho I nearly met Stephen curry the basketball player 5 feet from him Lol Look how close I was to him Hes 62 Yea he didnt look super tall But I cant say that cuz Im short 57 Shorter compared to my cousins My cousin are like 511 and 63 Some are 65  I thank my dad and mom for height lmao I met a 70 person at Coachella He was a center in the NBA That was tall af lol how tall are u Fae? Ah okay We had a person at college who was 76 Yea dude was talllll He was in the nba briefly Also my friends met Hilary duff I was jealous Lmao I met the new boyz, queen latifah and saw Sandra Bullock across the street Jealous Yes It counts My friend would hate u She loves Chris evans Bet She would prob drive from Disneyland to Boston to see it happen Arent u in SoCal Drew? Like near LA? Like the valley far? Or IE far? SGV? Oh Oof Riversideeeee Ouch LA county is huge I miss living in Orange County Close to La, SD and coachellla But dont miss the politics lol Yea no, no bueno Except the food, food is life I miss pho Garden grove and westminster were my go to places Yea I love it Its great My friends at college would argue which authentic pho place was better. I wouid sit back and just enjoy more pho lol They r from garden grove so its cool Is that in garden grove? Oh Got it I went to a pho place so many times, the manager remembers me. It was wholesome to catch up and talk to him He was super nice I hope hes okay Yea, its been years since I last saw him, his place expanded to a diff location Aww he expanded to 4 places Hes thriving Happy for him Just finished the last long meeting for the day Thank god It was about taxes Ahahaha Fun times I know It was some complex stuff because my client be fancy Life of an accountant First of all Im sure I paid u back Howdy Howdy https://tenor.com/view/griffin-intingo-letter-gif-19016677 Show off them Jordans https://tenor.com/view/jordans-nike-vine-gif-3956593 Why release a new one  the current one is fine as is Oooo thats me with the choices sub Where u buying undies for $80 Target is clutch for that Lmao YAS So comfy Gotta rest the jewels Ugh Also the unitentional wedgie When U gotta adjust u gotta adjust Lmao Arent there professional cuddlers  in the USA? They charge like $120 an hour damn son lol i always end up with the talkative sales clerk its fun at times but others im like bro just ring up my shit and let me pay it happens if there;s a game to catch tbh small talk can be fun mine always guilt trip they are like "bitch u come here so often, apply for the vip card" me: :samhelpme: Lu and Anhiro in a comic how do u say it? lol lol https://tenor.com/view/kanye-guess-kanye-west-we-never-know-gif-5417590 now anhiro has to go on vc now what movie same brain drew never watched sanctum transfer it here monsters inc good times whut i dont feel, i disappoint lol make him watch cloverfiled cloverfield the monster is the shifting camera angles that give metta motion sickness lol Scary movie 2  wasnt tht 3? lol FINE lol cindy the mvp make him watch insidious do you all watch any japanese horror films?? the grudge fuckkkkk old boy good movie u know what gave the heebie jeebbis when i was younger jason voorhess i dont his backstory is tragic freedy kruger freddy vs jason ET spooked leads to tears sometimes just skipping a step more thriller did anyone watch 7 pounds? or pursuir of happyness WHAT pursuit of happiness was so wholesome oh' bad boys all 3 movies? yay Lee! carter! i still stand rush hour 2 was best of the three https://tenor.com/view/lee-rushhour-jackiechan-jackie-chan-gif-18054023 LMAO sounds like counterstrike but with tanks i cant do first person view games yea yea the motion sickness aint fun https://tenor.com/view/throwing-cash-wolf-on-wall-street-leonardo-gif-5541174 inside out all time favorite movie Forrest Gump Eli Weisel man i remember him yea pianist is rough there was another one we had to watch for AP US that one was brutal i watched that outside class I interviewed a WWII vet for my school project man the stories he told us i hope he's doing okay never read thief i remember books like the crucible, grapes of wrath, lord of the flies and catcher in the rye alos great gatsby i didnt like catcher in the rye lol interesting book but didnt stick with me lol my friends read brave new world i was this is why i didnt do ap english Mice and Men that was good LOL check out books make sure they r in good condition return once the year is done there's some shit my high school does not do once i graduated they dont allow seniors to go off campus for lunch lol and mcdonalds, taco bell, chipotle were like 10 mins from the school awww those were fun days i bribed the teacher with a coke if I was late from lunch nice I miss part of high school, i look back and wonder how the hell I got up at 6 for a 7:30 class that built went away once college hit lol junior yr was tough for me all those ap and honors classes did they call u Poppy? LuLu Min-Sinclair sdkjfskjfdjk high school teachers: if you do not put your name on your paper, college professors would fail u

college professor: can someone plz tell whose paper this is? One bitter part of HS was my PE teacher gave me a B one semester, ruining my 4.0 i was pissed cuz geometry was hard as shit back then lol >_> i remember my friend's teacher made an error in his grade, it showed he had a 1000% in the class teacher never fixed it TI-84 life saver in trig and calculus Found mine! i had mario on it i remember playing tetris on it during trig good times LMAO school property cuz we old bro i still got my TI-89 HAH nope hahaah i just noticed the headphones ew i wear contacts i have glasses transformation https://tenor.com/view/beard-braid-gif-10741718 im so glad im not on camera anymore for work meetings i can grow out my fro lol yea it's still growing whats type 3c? i got curly hair, that curls from the root prob between 4b and 4C my barber told me i had soft hair and she kept petting me during my cut one time i was like wtf awwww mommy-child hair combos lol how many pages does it need to be double spaced? dumb question but gotta know lol oh thank god all the old tricks TNR is the shit sadly my work uses callibri whats your health paper on? ah lol any idea on what u had in mind? oof lol u mean Weiss? why did the song peaches and cream just popped up in my head awww lmao glad to witness the changes LMAO stuffed crust pizza is good at anytime "stuffed crust! you can eat it in reverse"! - Goku if anyone gets the reference plz say something  if you watched dragon ball z abridged, you would know  DREW NO STOP BAD didnt we say no drew loooool  :samhelpme: :SwaggyP: ur better off not knowing Lu bet honestly it wouldnt faze u tbh lmao lu dont u made me spit out my drink gahhhh you and drew do the same smiley face (: just waking up and choosing chaos eh? LMAO rip drawer that drawer isnt repairable lmao :kek: :bartiemad: :MunchlaxMunch: Yes :catvibing: (: Do u need a single guys opinion Lmao Yea not a good idea U are adult Lmao That is me Next thing Kyo is gonna have to file taxes #adultthings Dont worry dude turbo tax is ur friend Yes Also if u can, avoid credit cards with annual fees And find the ones with rewards Lmao I got invited by AMEX to get this one fancy card But the annual fee was like 1k I was like nope Oop I would ignore it, not sure if ur on good terms with her Ah I see Is today ur receiving physical therapy? Lol how did it go on the first day? Oh no! Hopefully u can get tested soon Omg The intro song is stuck in my head What a flashback Lmao Magic school bus and bill nye the science guy were the best https://tenor.com/view/bill-nye-the-science-guy-gif-10195183 EXCUSE U? Am I prehistoric then? Good luck! Yea, in the newer games! Oh lol Pokmon irl would be awesome I would make sure I have a charizard so I can fly everywhere Yes Lol Or it can say nurse lu But money. fine There is a movie called the accountant lol Its pretty good No way my job does that but I wish it did Yesss Worth it I thought of the Xmas episodes from the office Lmao I gotta watch some time It was too long  There I miss parks and rec Lmao Hes the chaotic vibes we need https://youtu.be/TUTAL9LDHRc Ugh no Stop https://tenor.com/view/ron-swanson-nick-offerman-parks-and-recreation-close-eyes-mustache-gif-17478121 Lol good luck on ur shift Stay safe and hydrated yall! One accounting textbook cost me $400 Morning Ace attorney Drew Howdy Liam looking good in that CG. Low key jealous of new players getting them Fancy cgs. Wheres mine when I started? :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: I tried replaying and no CG Hi My first driving lesson, I ran over a dead skunk  Dang that 6s is sturdy My iPhone 5 failed after 4 years  I had an android phone and it died after a year Apple won me over We love long lasting iPhones Sounds like college Lol Yall remember the otter box phone case? That shit was a brick Cool case > cute case > no case > otter box  brick weapon I took the case off my phone Feels so different Mhm Mine is black Both case and phone I got my beats headphones Works like a charm Who hacked my phone Cuz thats me Im like bruh that sucks Peace Normalize having your boss to realize they need to plan better Stay safe yall! burritos are life Have u had tacos? morning dude :peepoClap: Good luck yall morning Happy Birthday Drew!! Mornin :judgeyfroge: My eye bags are Prada Laughs back in Louis Vuitton :ConfusedCat: :judgeyfroge: Everyone vote for Hana  I like Alana too so :KEKWhands: Didnt Hana have two CGS? Imperfect match I def hoed around in PM All 5 of them All 5 work well for my MC Also include Cecile plz :peepoClap: Off topic but September is the best month.. *runs away* Lmao Part of it yes Cuz birthday month  Yes September bestest month No Virgo gang! https://tenor.com/view/the-office-dwight-false-gif-5220144 https://tenor.com/view/dwight-because-im-awesome-happy-the-office-gif-14058775 https://tenor.com/view/the-office-yes-rainn-wilson-dwight-gif-6131865 https://tenor.com/view/the-office-dwight-schrute-rainn-wilson-make-face-gif-15357894 Sept supremacy Tho I am curious which writer from buzzfeed wrote that lol Mine is the beginning of fall, football season, release of QB2, back to school, discount travel and just right weather lmao I feel like whoever wrote it Had an ex in feb Dont u Mean December  Nah Im Dwight Beaus boo Lol Hey Not my peloton instructor stopping his class to rank his favorite Disney princes  He said Aladdin was number one Lol He was talking about humans only Night Ahhahaha How dare she assume I smoke Also Lu: aye have fun with this shit Naps during lunch time >>>>>> https://tenor.com/view/nap-time-despicable-me-minions-sleepy-sleep-gif-15153709 :heheadrian: Tacos Burgers Pizza Pasta Fries Sushi nectarines Mawning Well we are in September And September is the best month Dont be hating September is chill Beginning of fall Its like 75 here Does winter really exist in SoCal Late December is like 70 Unless ur in the mountains I would love some rain tbh My car is in the garage Im not going anywhere No need to clean This happens to me sometimes :judgeyfroge: :samwtf: Mornin Bees and wasps are the worst Yes :LeWTF: :LeWTF: :LeWTF: Mornin Kyo Wholesome https://tenor.com/view/thank-you-thanks-appreciate-you-thnx-dwight-schrute-gif-15666748 .yes Crentist https://tenor.com/view/thats-very-true-correct-dwight-schrute-rainn-wilson-the-office-gif-20625516 Thats probably why he became a dentist :ethonk: Mornin Wait what about Kenji from Hero Wow https://tenor.com/view/dwight-schrute-the-office-are-you-serious-stare-blank-stare-gif-16527970 The dying roach is my to go in the club soooo lol I like cars better Its fun driving down and enjoying the breeze Driving in traffic sucks But when theres no traffic it feels so nice Morning LOL That adaption I saw it for TRR Now I want hotpot :/ Jealous I would love to sleep 14 hours Me too But in all seriousness do it, live it up :samhelpme: I been applying errday That emote looks familiar wonder where its from :samhelpme: :ruserious: :CandidCarter: My laker jerseys came in the mail. After waiting two months LeBrons Its the black mamba edition The super rare ones they wore when they won in 2020 Ahhhhhh It feels so nice So happy rn Morning Hop Nike called me a hottie Ayeeee :catvibing: :ethonk: hi yall YES Peloton Its pretty much a. Gym at home U could buy a treadmill or bike But u get weight workouts and all Vroom Mor UwU Mawning U rang? Wait how am || I horny? ||Dafuq u mean TRF time jk  :CharmanderHi: :samhelpme: I think this emote is still my greatest masterpiece I just know Im happy I have like 8 emotes of tna and qb at my disposal :youwot: :samhelpme: :ruserious: :teeheemichael: Sam be like what did I do? :butwhy: MC be like help :heheadrian: Did he win? Same brain Weiss We salute ur nephew Hes undefeated World champ Luism Did u get the crown for him at BK? https://tenor.com/view/avengers-endgame-final-battle-thor-shouting-gif-14408554 PCF to Lus patient excuse u I have a coworker that follows me on ig. No biggie Im one of the shorter ones in my friend group Thx mom and dad :KEKWhands: Idk depends how tall u are Lol https://tenor.com/view/embarrassed-sad-cry-smile-im-fine-gif-14251203 Its me the lurker Im 65 Shhhhhh Mama Metta would love u for that Yes a Jamaican cookout With plantains and all Thats all u need U will have fun We drink rum, tequila, and Caribbean music to 3am Also Know how to play dominos Lmao Always gotta slap the table when u match Assume dominance Also red stripe beer is the staple. Coconut water for non alcohol Im taller Jamaicans will make u break ur diet unless for religious reasons. Be warned Pic of the red stripe beer? https://tenor.com/view/red-stripe-red-beer-gif-7347613 Fae you will get invited to multiple cookouts after, good for u Lmao Okay Step one Lu Renew ur passport :0 Euro trip 2022 It sucks I cant smile in the pic I like to smile Le sigh  I dont Lol https://tenor.com/view/taraji-p-henson-resting-bitch-face-empire-cookie-chill-gif-8513647 Lmao RBF works wonders But people find me  more approachable and friendly so I cant have a RBF loooool awww plz do at least flip them off it's a pet peeve  of mine that men, mainly older men will tell girls to smile like bro go purchase ur mints and go home had braces since i was 9 and i got them off when I was 14 my dentist  and random people always compliments my teeth so win win? yay feet and inches we also call football soccer Lmaoooo Golf is a sport U have to walk everywhere Yes Wtf Lmao U know how much core strength is involved in cheerleading and gymnastics Lol https://tenor.com/view/america-hurricane-happy4th-of-july-america-flag-independence-day-gif-21259025 Lmao California best state  Pffftttt West coast best coast Better weather Better food More fun people West side Explain Yall are humid as hell Who wants that :samhelpme: Whoa Lmao Yay I made the cut Ur 511? My life has been a lie Wow Drew ? Lmao Dayum Gotta be a California resident to get into Disney I remember when I got the happy meal at McDonalds Life was good Yes Yall need to upgrade ur burger game and get in n out Yes Yes Sounds like u need ur friend to take u to in n out Yea but we are the state that everyone loves So win Really? Then why the hell do millions of people from other states come here then? Yall know California has the 5th largest economy in the world? Thats boss shit right there https://tenor.com/view/cali-california-gif-23199353 I blame the boomers https://tenor.com/view/simpsons-walkinandout-funny-gif-5070740 Everyone else be like Ahh a couples quarrel Awww :kek: (: (: (: :FrogeSip: Yes Looool Reddit is bae Thanks Alexis ohanian The subreddits I follow entertain me so it works Hope ur dad feels better Fae! Twitter is gold for memes Temple run I still have on my phone I remember vine Dont worry yall I will fix It Dwight Schrute beat the computer in sales Dwight can fix Facebook Okay.. Huh Lu fixed Facebook All hail Lu I think theres some server corruption for a bunch of users That tweet smelled like cap to me Nah we are getting MySpace back Time to add music on my page again I dont think I ever had a MySpace lmao Like Facebook literally popped up when I was about to get MySpace Well Facebook is back Working for me again IG too Yes Its playoff Do it Yea Lol Do it anyways  playoff games are fun All I know is apple wants me to bring in my phone for battery service cuz its that bad Lmaoooo Oop True Had it since July 2018 iPhone X I will upgrade once my phone is donezo Omg Get a case Get a case Yes :butwhy: Foggy effect Apple in shambles stay hydrated yall https://tenor.com/view/summer-water-spongebob-heatwave-hot-gif-12150719 Sleep more Oh Oof Good luck homie https://tenor.com/view/go-for-it-you-can-do-it-encourage-do-it-gif-14006408 :samhelpme: All hail Fae! watching ep 6 of squid game and wtf :FrogeSip: Go on all the roller coasters! honestly i would replace them sounds like a hassle with the wiring already, espeically if you need to angle it in a certain direction time to replace them Dudes younger than me and hes gonna be a dad? Damn good for him, young king morning just had a bomb ass omlette tummy is happy woooo Boooo tasks Good luck Kyo! Morning Tell them the truth about Santa and how they will never get gifts from him. Works every time lol every time a client calls, i just go no i love to talk, but there is a limit when it comes to talking taxes lmao lmao yes, yes i did lmao PB released a new TNA ad lmao Michael! yes *office theme song comes on* https://tenor.com/view/fuck-soiled-it-ruined-it-sponge-bob-yell-gif-5632914 same Cool Cook Dont buy food Wheres ur veggies and meat? The meat? Cheeseburger with fries. And a Coke im team contacts all the way im not a fan of glasses, contacts arent so bad to maintain and care for I need to finish my Xmas shopping What to get people Loool Only fans pays me more than what my job pays me  They are warming up for Black Friday shopping In the spirit of giving, they r giving fists to other people Holiday cheer He wanted the bread lmao Get two and sell one to him for 3x the price :heheadrian: Profit lol Parent: stfu or Square up kid! 

Kid: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: Thats my worst nightmare Awwww thanks! https://tenor.com/view/current-mood-mood-tired-lazy-monday-gif-23369162 Lmao Discord said ur done Discord: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: Lmao Always knew Dalton-Russo was Discord Smort Are u really driving if u dont eat a sandwich with fries in one hand and have ur other hand on the wheel? Driving is fun U go vroom vroom Driving with in n out in one hand tho >>>> My friend eloped yesterday lmao Buena suerte Happy birthday Rashon! Did u get side effects before? I got the moderna booster. I got the JnJ shot from before. The booster wasnt that bad. I just felt tired for a day https://tenor.com/view/deodorant-grumpy-preparing-spray-bored-gif-12682949 Thats so random lmao Congrats Kyo! Top pic must have one tall person sitting in that low chair lol Unless its a standing desk .AHHH.CHOOO! What do you want to tell Joe Byron right now? Prison Mike is great Iconic episode But Scott Tots Mikewe dont talk about https://tenor.com/view/the-office-jan-dundee-plasma-tv-throw-flatscreen-gif-15621106 Its like top 5 for me tbh Along with when Michael burned his foot on a George Foreman grill and Dwight got a concussion Head and shoulders GOAT shampoo and conditioner I am home U go home One towel saves water tho :teeheemichael: Fewer towels, less load for laundry Yall have those hand towels? I use those Gotta get a 3 set. Rag, hand towl and body towel Love how i wash my hair errday and my hair is still soft. Thank u genetics :waitwha: :waitwha: :waitwha: :waitwha: Every time I get a haircut, the barber always say I have great soft hair. I guess my hair care is great lol Oof  2023 is so far away :CandidCarter: 2021 is bad personally 2021 was the unlucky year for me, some shit went cray 2020 personally was not bad I missed seeing my friends face to face but 2020 had brighter spots for me personally than this year Happy new year Fae! Hes still stuck in 2013 so I think we are okay lmao Happy new year Aku! Now u cant blame me anymore angel supremacy https://tenor.com/view/peepo-peepo-riot-riot-protest-peepo-angry-gif-21768097 If ur battery drains hella quick, its a sign Time for a new phone What kind of phone is it? Lmao I still have my iPhone 5 laying around somewhere My iPhone 5 lasted 6 years Good job apple Get that iPhone 13 pro max Or the iPhone 14 if u want to wait till fall lol iPhone gang :CandidCarter: I had an android I hated it Died within the year Answered calls in my pockets Samsung 7 Yall ever waited in line hella early before a store opens? Legit did that when the Wii first came out Its on Netflix yea? Need to watch I remember waiting in line like twice only for them to have not enough in stock :pepehands: :pepehands: :pepehands: Wii sports I need to box Matt Wii again They legit had Mario DDR. And i bought it and played it Lmao https://tenor.com/view/the-office-jan-dundee-plasma-tv-throw-flatscreen-gif-15621106 Lu to the tv :samhelpme: Yay Safety does not come first Oof U still getting paid? O good Tell them to cancel Lmao jk Thats 91 degrees F? If my math is correct That doesnt sound right Like recheck ur thermometer Uhhhhh U mean head? Like recheck ur temp with a thermometer preferably one u can measure by sticking the meter in ur mouth I have never heard of anyone having to scan by the hand I would get that rechecked Gotcha but ur body temperature shouldnt drop that much A still bit cold That place seems faulty My doctor straight up said screw BMI. He never uses it BMI is outdated now isnt it? Because every body is different My doc goes by body fat % in lieu of bmi Just because he gets better info on muscle, fat and hydration Nah he uses a scale I do The scale? Broad shoulders are legit, I like mine Lu may be 50 but shes got 64 energy lets be real :worryhey: Happy birthday @kyo ! *manifesting Yvette Flynt as my match* i mean yes lol we got one ian kingsley for Lu lol *god and happiness are typing* yes yes :supbrah: :oooooohhhhhhh: We love to see a happy couple Third wheel Metta Down I dropped my Fitbit today and the screen is destroyed :samhelpme: 

I wonder if its time for an Apple Watch lol Lol How is it Which one did u get? Like what series Sweet Gotta check it out Ah I kinda want one thats a similar to my broken ass Fitbit lmao Im surprised this shit still works This is like the first time I dropped something I take care of my stuff but life said no https://tenor.com/view/minions-kick-football-oops-fail-gif-4946090 It was  My predictions are in danger Shon lmao Packers special teams suck Lmao Brady has this this year again tbh LMAO Dont jinx it for niners fans Lmao I think rams or bucs got imo He could But overall Im going with brady That dude came back from 28-3 Like wtf I want some OT Chaos good RIP OT Lmao I dont blame him Ahahaha That was the worst way to lose holy crap Rodgers leaving Green Bay for sure https://tenor.com/view/greenbay-sucks-green-bay-packers-gif-18132165 Who u got winning it all? Same That bucs defense is no joke lmao yo tell him rodgers is gonna look nice in a steelers jersey along  with adams going to the raiders jacksonville has that young qb idk if they want rodgers https://tenor.com/view/sports-sportsmanias-gatorade-gains-get-after-it-gif-24391594 pablo in hiding I switched from watching football to tennis. My boy is winning so good times Congrats What was the previous record? https://tenor.com/view/accepted-we-have-a-deal-agree-all-right-yes-sure-gif-23237834 Laughs in plug-in hybrid. I havent had to fill up on gas for almost two years now Master Lu Instructions unclear, a car is being shipped to u Sleep @rashon24 bro u watching this chiefs-bengals game? Bengals won! They were down by 18 at one point My SB prediction is still intact It was Now i need another team to win :pepeYikes: Purple How much is the melatonin? Yea about an hour Thats a big gummy lol my vitamins are gummies Best thing ever I transitioned from flintstone vitamins from when I was a kid to gummy vitamins The orange ones tasted the best I never had those I wish they made them still I heard There was the drink where u twist and dump this powdered flavored sugar in the bottle and shake it around I forgot what it was But it was so good back then It was like squeeze it Or the kool aid drinks Yea I remember capri sun and lunchables lmao LMAO Rice Krispie treats The most coveted treats Yes! Lmao Did u have the Oreos cereal So good yet so bad for u lmao Cinnamon Toast Crunch was the. Best cereal ever That and captain crunch I know they are around but i Miss them Rip Fruit loops were great Frosted Flakes were okay but u gotta eat them asap Nah U need the milk Pour my cereal, dump the milk And enjoy :samhuh: Happy National Pizza Day! https://tenor.com/view/dog-pizza-happy-satisfied-gif-5175343 Its 75 degrees and sunny in my area today. So much for winter lol Congratulations!! Very happy for you sign me up which shoe she would use? https://tenor.com/view/credit-card-smacking-credit-card-on-table-gif-21340324 done i have a feeling who 5 might be I broke my diet today for the super bowl and had a nice burger with fries Life is good Also some pizza *reagan Thorne has entered the chat* Me Shoutout to IKEA for making it happen LI from Slow Burn LMAO Yeet me cuz I got angel :CandidCarter: Uh oh Poor u Today has not been kind to ya Mood 2022 Im not mad Im disappointed in you Actually I lied I am mad and disappointed lol Prosecco we are proud of you Now I want a mimosa and brunch since U said that lol Nice By? You miss 100% of the shots you dont take - Michael Scott Rooting for you, he better give u his number Well Michael Scott said it last Lol Lmao U just skipped the bachelorette, bridal shower and wedding. And went straight into parenthood lol Friday night has blessed u with a good time lmao Reagan too stuck in his feelings Ooo fun Lmao Never pay by the card at the bar Ur just asking for it Lol Nice :waitwha: Lmao My friend almost got kicked out of the bar He kept calling for the bartender and the bartender got pissed lmao The bartender already acknowledged us lmao and said he would get to us My friend wanted that White Russian badly He likes what he likes lmao Theres this bar That plays throwbacks in SF And serves $1 drinks for happy hour Like 5pm was $1, 6pm was $2 etc Sounds like the college bars i went to I like the fruit, look at that Wait is this a dive bar or a dance bar? Ah  Oof :oooooohhhhhhh: :oooooohhhhhhh: :oooooohhhhhhh: Tell her to bring the baby next time Auntie Lu just wants to see the baby All in due time My parents told me once I have kids, they are gonna spoil the hell out of them Im just like :samhelpme: :samhelpme:  What did u do Why did my mind say booty rather boozy Ouch. Ur back hurts? Out of curiosity why did ur dad take ur bed Oof U Better wait long enough Water and Gatorade are ur homies Electrolytes Smack him Men Its out now lol i will give it 20 mins to see if the effect happens Sushi too OP *getting ready to swipe right on Yvette Flynt, Angel savage, Charlie smith, Quinn, Imogen, etc* :CandidCarter: The corgis from TRR UwU Looooool Awww Fae with receipts MBDTF and Graduation are his best albums imo Ayyyyy Not until towards the end of March :peepoClap: :samhelpme: Some of my family members are 62, 63 Would love to be that tall :samhelpme: Nice I went to school with someone who is 76 Nba player man. He tall tall https://tenor.com/view/lemjinade-mario-and-luigi-death-gif-23853721 Me at the mario kart racing track in 2023 There are plenty of students in fedora when I was in school Eh I dont think the fedora is limited to a personality type. I have seen ppl rock it cuz they like it Wait thats this weekend? Fyckkk It was 65 and sunny in my area Was supposed to rain but it didnt *manifesting Angel wins* I would It  doesnt Ur good if u use it It is! Im like its peak angel Didnt she win last time? Shannon im used to calling angel girlboss she just brings that vibe #Heardle #15



https://heardle.app Too ez Not Kyo thinking Im white I blame prison Mike :KEK: U do remember correctly :CandidCarter: 

I am black. 

However, there are white Jamaicans, Asian Jamaicans since Jamaican is a nationality not ethnicity. even tho the island is  predominantly black :CandidCarter: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: Never my brotha lol. Proud of my melanin Rashon knows whats up hahaha I forgive u #Heardle #17



https://heardle.app Loving the new icon Shes a LI from Wake the Dead Her name is Angel Sounds like youre ready to play WTD #Heardle #19



https://heardle.app Too easy #Heardle #21



https://heardle.app #Heardle #26



https://heardle.app Wait hold on Here ya go For what purpose? I nominate Princess swap :0 Especially since April is spring and tps is flower themed 13 I had braces. Middle school was the dark times I had the talk and internet I plan on escaping tax season but Im trapped in my home office So #Heardle #34



https://heardle.app Too easy I knew immediately as it came on :happyangel: 

All hail Fae Go Sleep :worryhey: https://tenor.com/view/constitution-convention-constitutional-convention-hamilton-alexander-hamilton-gif-18285219 Lmao at the anger problems I havent gotten those texts, this means my old age works out for me  I got flat feet Im automatically disqualified Believe it or not it does lmao https://taskandpurpose.com/joining-the-military/6-surprising-medical-conditions-thatll-disqualify-service/?amp

Hmmm I need my butt to be bigger according to that article Idk I love the part about acne Also I have a bad back, back be curved in 3 places Exempt gang Oh  Lmao Today is the first day of Coachella As an Anteater alum.. Zot zot zot! Yes Living dangerously: Lu edition Which Thorne will win A good amount of entry level jobs will request gpa. It used to be the case for which school you graduated from but that doesnt hold as much weight as it did in years past. Experience trumps tbh Yea, but the problem is now, the job market lists entry level requiring 2-3 years of experience. Which throws lots of ppl off Isnt it a 10 inch difference in height cuz 8 inches makes Jax 510? Viv out here shrinking Jax, dont worry Jax I got u. Dont let anyone take away ur 60 height lolz Lu U need 9 piercings Not 10 Viv u made me spit out my drink lmao :samhelpme: No Some do Arent as popular as high school tbh The murder at homecoming could have high school vibes to it or maybe a reunion but who knows New Server icon looks amazing https://tenor.com/view/congrats-minions-congratulations-clap-gif-4115631 Ray a bold kid Umm miss, theres no Reagan thorne in this server. Maybe Friday but not today Both got sequels Which one gets a book 3 Surrender 3: the Wedding Arent u part of Gen Z? Gen Z is for peeps who were born from 97-2012 Lol I mean U are Lol Unless u were born before 97 Dude if its been bothering u for a week go see a dentist Still See the dentist Does anyone here watch the show stranger things? I heard its good I almost spoiled myself going onto reddit Now I want to vote for TNA 3 Not me as an outlier :samhelpme: :pepepoint: Baby yoda and corgi some of lifes best things https://tenor.com/view/corgi-dog-cute-smile-tongue-out-gif-20968594 :PepegaHands: :PepegaHands: Bartie lmao jk They say u get grey hairs starting at 21 Thankfully I dont but fyi random question but do yall prefer wearing contacts or glasses? personally I love wearing my contacts im outnumbered :samhelpme: Tea Honey Salt water gargles If u do tea, ginger tea is clutch Did u try the tea? Any fever? How long has the sore throat been happening? :peepoClap: Why did Weiss take the words out of my mouth Ahhaha Honestly I would buy it Looks good I dont remember the last time i had soda I want to say March Didnt female black Kieran win the poll? How come the icon is someone else? :samhelpme: Its showing Hispanic male kieran Lol mhm Single Dads have needs too :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: Morning Too bad my protein size is like twice as big as the recommended plate lmao :samhelpme: Red flag easily Yea Dude is definitely gonna try manipulate you at some point Toot it and boot it? Dude gonna make Viv meet his family or something Its a wide net on that tbh Taro milk tea is the best Dont @ me They get away with it since the LIs are 18* Lmao awwww Doc Ethan lol jk Whatchu mean Late 30s Mc is prob 30 in book 3 I like stories Im glad Im old Uh oh Oh Viv Just remember the red flags we discussed This sounds like another story time Oh, are u okay with it? Me Do it Simple text and u good Bye bye bye? Viv ur 25, ur still hella young. Time is on ur side. I promise u that. Take it from this 30 year old I had friend who met the love of her life around 30 and shes engaged and soon to@be married Dont worry about others timelines. Ur timeline is gonna be great Not everything is gonna happen in your 20s. Ur 30s are gonna be great. And thats building off of what happened in ur 20s This Take it from someone who  was used a rebound (its a long story) but u care because u miss having that relationship/intimacy u were used to for so long Its natural tho Like subconsciously u want to fill the missing pieces of whats missing, but u need time to take it slow Just to add is to be careful this dude isnt taking advantage of you or showing signs hes being clingy. Its fun having these new feelings like Rae said but at the same time, just be weary of stuff. Hi! Oh no What happened Attached Its great hes nice to u and all Does he still ask questions about jax And comparing himself to jax? Yea home boy seems a bit insecure to ask about ur ex esp then Something is off because hes gonna be clingy or is making u clingy Calling u cute and babe are fine. The triple text is a bad habit especially when u two are just starting out How long have u known now? Yall going fast lol. Are u okay with the pace? Thats definitely broken What was rule 2 Hmmm This may seem a lil rough, but give urself some space. U need some alone time. Sounds odd but its gonna work wonders. Like u got benefits and all, but what else do you really want? Has he told u the same thing? It happens Its normal Viv I also think u need some alone time to sort some things with Ethan, because u miss being in a relationship. But u need to thrive independently. Viv: hes great
Lu: girl how Doing his job is cool and all but its more outside of his work. How is he actually like No lie I loved that story time and I was glad I was part of it U need to know sooner or later  if hes the type to be jealous if u talk about ur guy friends Also slow ur roll Did u answer his question tho Lol https://tenor.com/view/corgi-poppy-wag-puppy-cute-gif-23074114 Not me reading this when i took a sip of water  B B3 is my jam Row B gives u a snowcone, cookies n cream ice cream, strawberry ice cream and more Happy Birthday @azula ! Hi Viv How are u Agreed Ethan got a sneaky link over there I dont trust the guy and he aint worth it Surrender :CandidCarter: But We got a new storyline now with TnA 3   :happyangel: Cycling? Treadmill is rough Im OnLy PrOteCtInG u I hope this story ends with u throwing a drink or two in tobias face I would block his ass tbh And drop kick him into the sea Forbidden fruit wtf Didnt we have a kieran poll already? Leave my kieran alone :samhelpme: Lol A male that gr Saline nasal spray Clearing ur sinuses is amazing 4 feet 11 inches TPA unless ur only basing it off public release books school is back already? sheesh i remember i used to start late september I miss school and when I mean school I mean college lol high school was okay, its nice i had  a solid group of friends but i had way more fun in college Looks like Bartie, so Im def ignoring :bartiemad: He legit scares me dude lol I havent thought about it If my son looked like Bartie by some chance, I would still love him and raise him LMAO https://tenor.com/view/the-office-fun-funny-sad-kevin-malone-gif-16434586 HAPPY NATIONAL DOG DAY https://tenor.com/view/corgi-wink-gif-19159568 At my cousins wedding and my grandma keeps asking me when Im getting married. Thx for reminding me Im still single grandma :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: Im trying :samhelpme: :samhelpme: Tried finding a rich sugar mama at the airport today for me, didnt work out :PepePoint: Tell them you know an accountant that can save them $$$$$ on their taxes. They will come Im at a Vietnamese wedding and its an eight course meal. Im on meal 6 and Im stuffed Fly to LA and its its Urs Just had lobster Bliss The food is good Almost on our last meal which is rice The fifth meal was lobster and noodles I think I gained 8 pounds after this wedding My first one too I got water, coke and henny Yea our table finished the bottle Idk my friend (the bride) loves it We had popbars and cake for the last meal I got food coma before so it was a struggle finishing Of course Yes to both Somehow someway it happened Lol Especially when the venues air conditioning wasnt working and it was hot af inside and outside It was rough I was sweating the entire time I bounced and am blasting ac in my hotel room :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: @Arzaylea  bel wants to see ur handwriting to see if its similar to a doctors handwriting lol Nice Only time I still use cursive is signing my name on stuff iPhone 14 Worth it?  iPhone 10 Wtf yes My last door dasher was a girl How well do yall tip ur dashers? Depends how far it is Rashon about post in his letters every week once he crosses Aye do u have wear collared shirts during ur pledgeship? And dress up every Monday? Lmao Sigma nu yea? Fo sho Gurl he aint that doctor Drink ginger ale or ginger tea, have tums, eat white bread. Avoid anything spicy till ur tummy issues go away Caught in 4k lol jk If dont want to do it, u dont have to do it its your choice Ur advisor is guilt tripping u but u shouldnt be people pleasing at the cost of your comfort When I asked, the admin moved a book. They are awesome But wings Did u Viv.. No Is it? Looked mine up. Mine is the year of the Goat ship ur mc with the fictional character Feel better soon! Hope ur dad is okay and is staying safe Has anyone upgraded to the iOS16? Not used to the notifications popping up on the bottom of the screen Havent tried anything else yet What about money Money good Nah she changed user ID Janelle Janelle is a pretty name