😂😂 Ty viv! It's good to be back Lol Tysm! Time to search the gift Paige sent me last year because I saved it in my laptop and now it's dead You're badass queen Hey bel! Hell yeah me got my birthday role! Tjjdksskks Hi drew 😂 One day Most likely today My discord is blasting I love you too viv! 🥺 Me just a little chaotic soul F o r g Hi ray! Sup Nm tbh just regular uni stuff :flushed: 8ts worded in a way it feels specific because you would think no one else could be in similar shoes as you but they have targeted stuff that applies to several people Ty rae! Djdjsksk So far it's going great. Will be going to laser tag with my family (it's gonna be my first time so I am excited lol) Hopefully it's fun. I have just read about the place on internet shsjsksk Any tips for this newbie who wants to win on her bday? Idk tbh I just got my specs so eyesight shouldn't be a problem Djdmsmskdk How do you defend if it's a solo game tho! Djdjsksk Ooh Noice Got it. Thanks! Hopefully I don't lose within the first few seconds lol Hiiii!!!! Tysm! Well that was an unexpected twist Nahhh you're just cute 😉 OwO I thought kyo was Rae's son 👀 Is that me on 4th? Idts Fjdjskskdkb got it This is interesting 🍿 Haha true But like I love weirdos Yeah And mara is mah daughter Ohh inchresting I just realized Last year We all became drew on my bday Guess I am really a chaotic person But I'm priyzza 🥺 Hiya! Hmm gimme like a base, like do you want spicy? Also rice dishes or bread dishes? Ooh Paneer is basically cottage cheese It's like a bit sweet But also like sponge Paneer in itself is the cheese mostly in form of cubes that is put into different curries Aww Then no paneer for you :( Chicken tikka masala is good. I am vegetarian so idk how chicken tastes like but the tikka masala curry is gucci Yeah Also lemme ask my mom which curry is the least spicy I think tikka masala is on the spicy side Anything that has masala in the name is most likely spicy As far as I know none of them have peanuts Asked my mom Makhanwala should be least spicy but it's also full of butter so... Tikka masala will be sweet and spicy You can also go for biryani if you are in mood for rice Because biryani is love Have you ever tried rasgulla or sandesh? Because I remember you said you had bengali neighbours. Those are basically sweet paneer So if you had them and had no problem you can try paneer dishes too Oh! Djdjsksk but beware it's made of milk (basically curdled milk) I live under a rock and I did not get the reference Tho Drew's statuses are always creative Dhdnsn Ohh Lmao Oh they def are lol Mornin Hi How did this wave even start? hiya! hmm depends on the medication tbh like is it some ayurvedic stuff? ahh I don't see any harm I often take meds that are made here and never faced any issues I have never tried that particular med but if your doc prescribed it, it should be fine yeah then go for it not necessarily a company. Companies often love naming every medicine to some random names lmao consern is the company name yeah tho I suggest you confirm with your psychiatrist first before ordering sounds like a heavy dose lol that's weird. When I try to buy meds online, even the OTC ones require prescription 🥲 what's the name of the shop? ahh welp god the red is hurting mah eyes but it's not as bright It's a generic med that's why it's cheap. If it was imported then whooo boy it would have been really expensive Like my dad takes this one med which used to be imported and costed like 150 INR a tablet. Last year a generic alternative to that med was launched that costs like 18INR a tablet fair 😂 govt even runs ads that promote people to buy generic meds because the money would stay in India and it would promote production of more generic meds I mean, we do have a tiny disclaimer at the bottom right about prescriptions but that's about it lmao oh btw did you know we have to watch a gruesome infographic about the consequences of consuming tobacco before every movie tho it has changed on the latest movies with an ad that promotes buying sanitary napkins with the money one would spend on tobacco It's going great I think Only the formatting got messed up and I am out of space already GOD SAME same but cup instead of tampon 🥲 I want to but my mom wouldn't let me buy one They cause rashes yup my brother calls it diapers he used to ask if me and my mom pee in our pants when he didn't know about periods lmao bruh 😂 dfjhskudfh IT'S 4:30AM WHAT was that the middle school incident? god viv where do you even find these images ooh makes sense Ooh Tatum be looking hawt Possible. Depending on the type of curry it may have peanuts to make the curry thicc I remember that actually. You were practically screaming lol Ahh We can all drewify once more :) Ooh I remember my mom talking about the saw franchise She saw like the first 2 movies and got hooked but then she started the 4th one (she couldn't find the 3rd) and within the first torture/murder scene, she was like - aight Imma head out 😂 Hi, bye, you're a guy, you don't know how to multiply, oh my, ok bye My mission of sending a random message before I sleeep is successful sjsksksk Hiiiii!!!! How are you?!!!! Why are you still awake xjsnsksk It's like 6 in the morning for you Lol what if I didn't message tonight, your anticipation would have been wasted I love how different languages have similar sounding words with entirely different meanings. Papi in hindi means *sinner* :KEKW: no, that's puppy with like emphasis on pp Wait what Gaius is biiiii????? Wow Who is that dude alongside zig? Ahh Nice icon :) How is September the best? Almost all Indian schools have half yearly exams in that month :KEKWhands: all this food talk made me recheck the channel name lmao. It looked like I was in some food channel on that note a food channel will be great this sounds like the bollywood movie entertainment I kinda wanna submit this :shyduck: I submitted but there isn't a redirect to "you have submitted" page??? I just pressed submit thrice sdjfnshfb and that is going to be Olivia I made sure of it by saying I have only played TRR :KEKWhands: HELL YEAH also y'all read my mind I always wanted olivia to be my date how did y'all know I bet my name colour gave it away viv is a mind reader