Hello there! I'm new here Hiiiii  Oh good, that's what I want XD Also the custom stickers are really awesome Guilty! South Asia You? Oooh that's awesome! Also I'd like to meet the fellow south asians too Well I just wanted to scream about LoA and other books so I joined here cause the Tumblr tag is pretty dead I make a meme and all I get it 5 likes And the only thing the tag consists are fanfics and edits, no memes Hey there! Thanks I did its nice and friendly and humorous Perfect. Thanks a lot :uwu: Lol a lot of people confuse my nickname for Indonesian dw It's my nickname/ a short form of my actual name But I'm not Indonesian Please take care Lu :forgheart: :forgheart: Hi!! @jinxedjinsei NEISHA!!!! How you doing???? https://tenor.com/view/egoz-uwu-uwu-army-dance-party-gif-15090789 Morning guys Lol my blind ass can't even read this Don't you just hate female mosquitoes?? Them biting you while you're trying to stay still and chill??? Other gender mosquitoes just mind their own business and don't bite us Female mosquitoes on the other hand.... They can die. By my electric shock net bat. Only female mosquitoes need to suck human blood in order to lay the eggs Male mosquitoes drink the juice from plants Yeah But yeah, I really don't like being covered in bites .........what a power. I NEED TO KNOW YOUR SECRET IT'S THE EXACT OPPOSITE FOR ME 
They always bite me and only me :face_with_symbols_over_mouth: I have one on my hand rn Muhahahahahah FAST AND FURIOUS MY FRIEND Hey everyone just gave my Science exam now I'm absolutely terrified about tomorrow's Maths :elmofire: Even though I can solve Maths It gives me nightmares I'd like to burn Math to death But unfortunately it's needed in literally every field for the world to function :redfield: What do you do? I need to know What's an HR? (I have a pea sized brain) OMG You had that copied didn't you? Oh wow Ohhhh :hoopla: :hoopla: t!rip @kyo Hey wait the bot doesn't do it Sorry On no I'm so sorry Tbh I didn't knew what epilepsy is until now So I never came across the trigger Finished my Math Exams....... I hate Polynomials I'm a Hindu What do you want? @azula Well.... I may be the wrong person to answer this since Goddess Kali isn't my deity (different states have different deities) but I guess it isn't offensive if you name a cat after a goddess Atleast my cast doesn't hold offense in naming an animal after a god/goddess I think it shouldn't be a problem Hey is it true that if you tame a cat in Minecraft and put it in the standing position, you'll receive gifts and items from it after a day? Like if you leash it, place it in a hopper with a chest under it and trap the cat So it stays in a place I got Rick Rolled again :mmNo: Awwwww :dopeystarey: :forgheart: :Bbay: @Smoollys @mayline WELCOME :forgheart: :forgheart: In this server we stan Forg Hi Gen! Discuss Choices, criticize Choices Play Minecraft Send memes LOL It's like a friend server It's not overwhelming Some of us got dark humor (I'm talking about myself) while some have a really good one Oh thank goodness :forglove: Don't worry it's been only a week since I joined this server so you'll get used to this in no time Yeah... Hasn't it? Or 2 weeks? Wait lemme check Yeah it's been a week Lmfao talk about perfection :elmofire: :elmofire: :elmofire: Get some sleep Luv :forglove: Morning @Rayvenrock Created this today in creative as https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQs  
Hey guys I found the perfect Choices vines!   Payback for that day :mmYea:  https://tenor.com/view/dance-moves-dancing-singer-groovy-gif-17029825 Jokes on you I rickrolled my self first @jinxedjinsei welcome back!  :forgheart: :CatTransHeart: It's okay lol glad to have you back bestie Mornin What does @UB3R-B0T do? mornin Lmfao I get it now  :pleb: "Dress the part" my ass I won't spend my precious 30 :diamond: on a stupid piece of cloth only to change a few dialogues That's what YouTubers exist for Unless it changes the plot, I don't spend shit :diamond: That's why I have 2200+ :diamond: on the unmodded Choices :elmofire: I started using mod when PB cancelled the fav series Lmfao :LMFAOdead: Hey now crimes exist for a reason dont they? :mmYea: I mean, modding the apps from a multi million dollar company? That's hot *Especially* Nexon :uwu: :uwu: I remember someone naming the twins in Baby Bump 'Peepee' and 'Poopoo' Bold of you to assume I'm g9nna play that book I named my Corgis Peepee and poopoo In TRR :dawg: :dawg: :dawg: **Bad joke of the day:** Two fishes somehow got on the land. Now why one fish didn't help the other fish to enter the pond? 
Cause it was sel-fish What will a cow give after an earthquake?
Milk shake Do you about the guy who invented knock knock jokes? 
He got a no-bell prize for it I'll stop now :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: Lol as much as I love the TRR series, I want it to end :bife: :eyez: :hoopla: As a Maxwell romancer, the only valid Maxwell is the TRR trilogy Maxwell. Hooo boy https://tenor.com/view/i-hated-here-dr-bert-schitz-rob-paulsen-a-fowl-american-i-hate-it-gif-16678497 :ConfusedCat: :ConfusedCat: Why :bigmood: I'm an Indian that hates the beach :hawyee: :IDKher: alright alright Duuuuude:e_minor: :bife: Is anyone else online? Ye YAAS What are we talking abt Okay I'll stop :D We're beaching It's fun! SHIY BAKA noice fuck Y'ALL AHAHAHA :hoopla: It's 10:00 am here Luckily, I'm always chaotic :elmofire: :elmofire: :elmofire: Ayy lmao BOT POLICE REPORTING WHERE'S THE MURDERER @kaitoo @DaHomieDrew you both are arrested. And we're sending you to a jail where the only food supply we have.... Are Cordonian apples Okay..... Then we'll supply you the recipes created in Slow Burn.... And the only entertainment you have it TRH, WB and BaBu @DaHomieDrew MUAHAAHAHAHA C'mon the dishes are waiting for you :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: @faede good luck :hoopla: Yeahfoodmakeseverytinggood I hate attending weddings, but the buffet calls me Also to @ whoever named the custom stickers in this server; I love you "PinguDab" I ROLLED FOR A SECOND THERE :PinguDab: :PinguDab: :PinguDab: Being an elder sister of a toddler, I can confirm this. I also have to babysit him during weddings instead of enjoying on my own   And he's like "You don't tell me what to do!" and continues running PLZ TAKE HIM I'M TIRED OF HIS CONSTANT NAGGING AND KICKING Did I mention he kicks me everyday?? He's the only toddler I've ever had as a sibling I mean, I love him but plz can he not annoy me? :hoopla: :IDKher: :jebus: :PinguDab: :YellingWoman: :VIP: :uwu: :this_is_fine: :Thot: :Simp: :OOF: :mmYea: :LMFAOdead: :forg: :forgheart: :forglove: :eyez: :heresthemf: :hawyee: :GAY: :e_minor: :elmofire: :bife: :boo: :dopeyangry: :dopeywhat: :dopeystarey: :dopeyoop: :ConfusedCat: :dawg: Sorry these are my faves I can't pic a favorite From this server Metta But I love it Dog: :dawg: I didn't fell for it sorry :mmYea: It's cause I had already cleaned my screen before seeing this And that your posts are mostly trolls :caticon: :caticon: :caticon: mornin Yas Skyrim UB3R-BOT UB3R-B0T HELLO? Y0U TH3R3??? Bad Bot Uwu OwO QwQ TwT You're a dog person? Lol fair (no I don't own any pets) The horror Tho if someone eats a human infront of me I won't be scared lol So yeah you good I'd either run away, attack the predator or embrace the death Panicking is not an option Also I'm too desensitized to the point nothing like this effects me :PinguDab: It's alright lol unless you did the do, you're fine. Some people experience the gap from 2-3 months What "do" are you talking about? @azula ?????? Good luck then :pleb: Lol you need to test it Cause people still experience the gap Also are you okay??? Yeah it can be I still hate it when periods are late Y'know what's even worse than a heartbreak??
A week full of period cramps akdbrbfhsjkadhh You're good then Here have a Forg https://tenor.com/view/pepe-kek-dancing-gif-13819406 It's alright lol Lmfao sorry But yeah I can't share anything with them They share it with others Everyone here live for gossips and teasing, and I don't like it. Plus my family used to transfer every 1-2 years so I don't have any childhood ones  My online homies are my true homies :pleb: Ugh those are worst I hate it when relatives and aunties The reason I left instagram Imagine the horror when my relatives found my instagram fan acc where I had revealed that I'm Bi (I used to think that I'm bi that time, but I'm ace) My family isnt I'm not even allowed to make friends who're guys. Be friends with girls and only girls What they don't know is that I'm Bi-ace #strictparents https://tenor.com/view/cute-cat-crying-tears-sad-emotional-gif-15881815 This made me tear up,,,,, thanks a lot Luv Ah imagine having your own hours and car Be like "Ah shit someone at the neighbor just crashed my window brb" and run away Drew that you? Imma do that once I get a job :elmofire: You're doing great sweetie The reason I don't protest them is that... It's kind of common with all the girls here More like Desi girl dilemma It's worse Same here Also I just got my ass beaten rn because I scared my mom by creating a makeup fx where it looks like I cut my neck It looked so cool but my mom made me wash it the second she saw it Lol you would've I pasted tissues over my neck then cut them and blended it to look like skin And put fake blood in the cut Then reddened the area around it and made the blood drip down a little :elmofire: :bife: I'm addicted to blood while she's heavily repulsed Nooo not the bees so far yeah i have my other midterm DUDE that's what i thought no YAAAASSSS VICTORY IN YOU FACE Thanks oh well :hoopla: https://tenor.com/view/milk-and-mocha-bears-cute-sad-please-im-sorry-gif-13880714 @kyo https://tenor.com/view/claire-dancing-baby-sunglasses-toddler-gif-15016293 Sleep Lu sleep Get *off* the phone Don't worry I'm just as intense about food I hate it when Starbucks made a Chai flavoured drink and call it Chai Like dudes you ever had a real tea??? THE DISRESPECT Yeah it should be respectful I mean, it's okay to add your own twists in it My embarrassment when I thought @Arzaylea and @azula are the same person :IDKher: :hoopla: I seriously thought you're the same person and I was like wait they have 2 accs?? Tag yourself, I'm the embarrassed one but at the same time rolling Seriously I thought it was the same person :LMFAOdead: Lu After I talked to Viv I was like they're chaotic The perfect duo they say :elmofire: Lol whenever some associates themselves with Ying Yang, I'm reminded of Miraculous Ladybug And the line "They're made for each other" Also guess who just named the Color Chan Bot "Be Gay Do Crime" in their server??? They look like little clay works Ouch There aren't any drugs for stopping the reaction? Aw I'm sorry Rashes suck They're the worst Ouch that's seriously not good :jebus: Plz take care Lu  Having an existential crisis, hbu??? I'm a great philosopher by now, thanks to existential crisis my buddy   That's great! @fr0n Lu is practically our mom and we're all adopted by her m!kill @azula Me too. I'd like to kill the stalkers through the internet ** ** It's okay my convo with bots is over Also I was joking Viv plz don't take it seriously () Book 3 is frustrating ngl Especially if you're married to Maxwell Benadryl is banned in my country lmao Cause it makes one too high Well glad the itching is gone How's the rash tho? Also all this just because of someone's perfume :hoopla: Man I miss LiS Eagerly waiting for Sept here I have a crush on Rachel Amber :e_minor: I even have a same shirt like her Well, jacket actually It's called a flannel? Finally found a word Who peed and pooed?? Show off lol Pure dedication to show off /j I mean, I'd definitely flex that I'm in airplane Flying off to a funeral? Now that's dedication Condolences to her Don't make me look like maleficent Hi mom! That's so....honest Agxgnjnvdjkucdt Hi there Loki Nothing much lol I'm dead atm Dead gang :hoopla: :hoopla: Welcome @poeticpromise! In this house, we stan Forgs :forglove: https://tenor.com/view/paka-gif-7799077 Drink water Those are symptoms of dehydration If they don't go, then start worrying Yeah anxiety does that too Trying calming yourself Of the symptoms you're facing rn Okay look I've been through this too last year so I think I can help 
I know this all sounds vague and miiiight not help instantly, but try to relax yourself and remove the tension about your college from your head Try talking about it, you can't heal if you don't reveal Excercise, have a healthy diet, meditate and deep breathsare the classic methods to lessen the effects Talking as in tell your family about it, or try talking to a therapist Or try talking about it (in person) to your friends For all I know, excercising helps your sleep better And keeps you active I know the results won't come instantly, but atleast give it about 2 weeks Ah the typical problem Did you experience any attacks lately?? Have you experienced a pain in chest, shortness of breath, spinning head and sweating?? I've always (and still) experienced stabbing pain in chest It's different for everyone love That's me with maths And yeah I feel you Dear, subtle or not, attacks are something you shouldn't have everyday You should try exercising for atleast 10 minutes It helps with putting the heat out, clears your lungs and makes your body active Then maybe you've caught a bug? Is it cold weather there? You ate something unusual? Maybe a change in your routine? Or any history of bacterial infections? Cause it happens with me too when I have bacterial infections triggered Try getting some rest then Remove that particular subject from your mind For some time Then try facing it Those are covid symptoms too Okay so you have 3 cases:
You're hit with anxiety attacks
You've caught in infection
Your body is trying to fight the Covid bacteria since you're vaccinated These are my observations based on the info you gave Don't panic! You should still consult a doctor atleast plz Anhiro I'd like to have a really serious convo with you Also Ray how're you now??? You should consult a doctor https://tenor.com/view/no-sleep-its-been84years-titanic-gif-13077787 How're you now Ray? I'm sure the meds will help and you'll be well in no time Did the doctor say anything about the symptoms? Adjusting to a new keyboard is torture Like did he told you about the reason these symptoms occurred or perhaps asked you to take any precautions? Well don't think about it then Just focus on recovering Also the injections should work in a couple of hours Here's some Forg love for you https://tenor.com/view/frog-holly-st-clair-butt-bum-dance-gif-15232494 https://tenor.com/view/kermit-kermit-love-kermit-hearts-in-love-gif-16028344 I didn't knew Kermit was a Frog:e_minor: I always headcannoned he was a fictional creature Oh no sit under the fan/get away from heat Wash your face with cold water In my defense I wasn't accessed to the sacred knowledge I still can't believe he's a Forg https://tenor.com/view/kermit-kermit-the-frog-bite-nails-worried-gif-5368682 I'm sorry Kyo Here's Forg love for you too https://tenor.com/view/frog-holly-st-clair-butt-bum-dance-gif-15232494 https://tenor.com/view/froge-gif-20657853 Happy Bday dear Forg master :forglove: :forgheart: Plz don't commit arson on your bday Don't encourage-- Peace was never an option huh? :bife: Omg that's amazing Welcome @oge!! Uhhhh what's this supposed to mean? Ohhhk thanks Fae :forglove: :forglove: The will for those infinity stones grows day by day When will I acquire them :hawyee: Mom looks so cool :bisparkleheart: So I was drawing my lesbian OTP and suddenly my little brother comes in, sees it and blurts out: "Aww they're best friends right?"
Me: ".....Yes." And they were roommates Update: My mom thinks they're besties too :e_minor: Historians and ||Homophobes||  Welcome @CinnamonBun! https://tenor.com/view/jason-mantzoukas-the-house-greetings-welcome-gif-8225006 Respect Students keep their cameras on? Lmfao Same lol Yeah, don't wanna show up with a nest of hair and sleepy face on the first class The fact that my class starts at 9:10 and I wake up at 9:08  morn mo ** ** UBER BOT doesn't know how to type blank right? Aw. :c not me gardening in my personal discord server I feel like a cottage core girl Well I don't care about getting rickrolled CAUSE THIS IS A CELEBRATION Good luck forg master, you'll need it Frozen /j Hey that's me! Spiderverse No I don't Plz tell SAME Awwww DUDE WATCH IT OMG FOR THE SAKE OF ANIMATION It's so beautiful and awesome but criminally underrated just because it's *animation* Honestly I loved that *VROOOOM* soundtrack lol Jackbox? Yeah I definitely need a PC  :dopeywhat: What if the sharks saw that video too??? 2 billion population taken from the sea itself My fav quote from TRR honestly all the dialogues from Bertrand are iconic Y'know what's dissapointing? The most viewed song has its comments turned off Ikr 
Like YT kids exist for a reason you doofuses Me with my mlb episodes Yeah we have to rely on the reposts of those Not to mention them being deleted after a while Pls take care Viv :forglove: Love you more :forgheart: I'm using Discord Light mode for 24 hrs as a challenge rn akebejdvsj Everything looks so different Yes My head hurts ouch Bruh I'm literally a vampire in terms of apps aksjwv Okay but swimming????? In the rainy season??? Are they out of their minds? :jebus: I have both bites and weird ridges My mouth is chaos I have like, 2 ulcers cause I bite my inner cheeks and gums often Ice makes is worse, don't do it. Avoid applying heat products on the wounds, or it delays the healing Alright it's been 24 hrs using light mode And I'm still alive and my eyes are intact It's not that bad tbh :shyduck: Alright turning back to dark Everything is so dark all of a sudden AKSBRBDJWJ Like I just took a flash grenade ....................................... KILL IT WITH FIRE No they mean their tounge is shaped like the area behind their lower teeth, like Goku's hair but a lot less sharp and defined Hey what does "Devil Wears Prada" mean??? I've never heard of it until one recent post in the miraculous ladybug tag And.... Why do people use it as a phase??? Imma join you Oh what a cruel cruel life it is.... I've become a philosopher by now cause of the amount of crisis I have everyday ARGH DREW YOU'RE MAKING ME CRY mornin howdy howdy So it's been, like 8-9 weeks since I went out of my house (like literally I didn't even got out of the doorway) because my mom told me to take out the trash 
It's literally morning here and the sun blinded my eyes help Same here mom I miss Garlic bread ughhhh https://tenor.com/view/leo-garlic-bread-the-great-gatsby-cheers-gif-8774742 Who don't like monster?!? Ouch Way to ruin it  You guys what the heck did I just read??? /j (: Even I don't know what Rainbowdash jar is.... And I'm kinda scared to google it now If it's nsfw, throw me the fuck out My curiosity died I'm glad I don't know about it akdvebejebna I mean, I already regret reading the Zootopia abortion comic I won't ruin it again Me being awake at 8 am cause my body doesn't wanna sleep anymore thanks to my family's chatter https://tenor.com/view/you-points-finger-colin-mochrie-gif-4646342 The stop spending time here and get to work on it /lh You... Submitted it ...... Oh nothing lol Cs are better than Fs I haven't heard this in a long time That's why I was silent I always predict my success and downfall and it comes true And I hate it when my downfall comes true That's ||depression|| ||You always expect the worse, you think you can't do good. But then again depression is different for a lot of people. But yeah, low self esteem is a symptom|| DAY/MONTH/YEAR React to this message if you agree  :Bbay: Gnite mom!  Howdy howdy *nodding in same here* June wouldn't even let me fight The Doll ajsbsbana  (I'm 1000 points behind the normal stats but I've bet boses on impossible lvl before!) mornin mornin howdy Guess what? I woke up and I'm still sleepy What are y'all talking about?? It was already 3 hrs Ikr it's been always 3 hrs for me.... Tfw a love triangle is responsible for the destruction of the whole world in an RPG game :redfield: evenin Hello @dem!! Mornin Nothin much You? Don't worry I support you Chaos :mmYea: :pleb: https://tenor.com/view/leftymadethis-gif-19623974 Are you okay??? :dopeywhat: I am tho Some of this, some of that Yeah not worth 4 keys per day :/ mornin :this_is_fine: :this_is_fine: :WTFthonk: *me pretending to understand everything y'all are saying rn* Heya Viv! I'm fine, just finished dealing with aphobes Aphobes are people who're Ace phobic, Aro phobic and Agender phobic They think Asexuality is an insult Like bitch I'm calling myself an ace why the fuck you mad? The guys were flirting with me so I stated that I'm asexual and am still questioning my romantic spectrum Well, trying to flirt This dude says all the girls are aces don't worry It's an excuse they always use Ikr Luckily many people stood up to him But yeah, it was uncomfortable Luckily he stopped And so did others And the fact that those guys happen to be the owners and co-owners of the server who're power hungry and can ban/mute you without thinking. 
Idc if they do it to me tho I've got better things to do anyway Dw Lu, I'm Asexual and I'm freaking proud of it   Yeah I stopped messaging in that server unless I've got some questions It's a game server actually Supernatural script leaked Lol sorry I had to  Did I hear free tasting??   Sign me up Yup shes Lu Don't worry Aaron 
I once thought Viv and Lu were the same person Yeah he is handsome ngl Seconded lol Yeah I don't like Liam's personality too.
Maxwell is babe :elmofire:  :elmofire: Aaron popped off alakansndbwhw Aaron roasted him good lmfao OHHHHHHHH Remind me not to piss you off Aaron XD There are 2 types of people lmfao Ft. Me and Lu Smoke? Idk either lol Same here lol Never smelled weed nor did I saw a skunk Skunks and Raccoon are kinda extinct in the area I live *Flexes my doesn't even step outside let alone drive a car card* I died a little reading this KAABQBBWBEJERKR And I love to see It happened with me twice _ I once dropped my mom's phone and its display got fucked up I got the third party headphones with only one side working Oh boy Best of luck Viv Mhm for science indeed Psychology actually Psychology comes under science 
I got you an excuse now Viv  Lmfao It'll be 50 in less than 10 mins Alright heading there mornin Well it's been raining here too Quite heavily Don't you just get confused by the fact that when you're trying to be funny, people think you're lame and when you're not, they think you're funny? :ConfusedCat: :)  :))))) Uhh Bel you okay? Don't tell me the numbers you typed are actual numbers on your cards  A masterpiece :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: :LMFAOdead: Flower Seal Me, trying to push that skin forward while typing this: yes. I ain't got anything on my fingers except peeling skin around nails Hell yes Flower Seal wins the competition :PinguDab: :PinguDab: :PinguDab: No it isn't lol Flower Seal has 4, Twilight Convergence has 3 Wait the message got...deleted? The Kimono one @Deleted User akajwbwbwhjdid The sentence even cuts at the right time akwbwbwjwej "Hey Loki how's it going?"
"Wait till my father hears that I'm burdened..." morning hmm hmm :Bbay: Just realized I haven't written any of my maths notes since almost 2 months :dawg: I've got 1-2 chapters notes (thankfully our teacher is super slow so I don't have much to write kaebejwkdb) Can't tell sorry But I'm a bit younger than 18 morning dude What book???  https://youtu.be/YJWSAJjkTsI
Hey guys this one's actually useful imma try it irl (lightly, I don't wanna murder anyone kajwhejsiek) :pleb: Also here's an UWU hug: :uwu: :uwu: :uwu: What're you talking about? :WTFthonk: *laughs in all the like minded people live online* /j
Okay but serious mode, that's a beautiful message :forgheart: I'm wearing an asexual pride flag t shirt on Snapchat bitmoji since last month and none of my irl noticed anything about it Idk whether to be relieved, dissapointed or both Partially yeah lol afternoon UwU Getting drowned in loads of assignments Thanks I need it :Bbay: HAPPY BIRTHDAY DREW :uwu::forgheart: On this day, an amazing person came into the world mornin nice Welcome @LittleEzekiel! Welcome @Random_appeal! ......omg He's a Tumblr mutual of mine :dopeywhat: mornin First YT shorts and now this? Yeah whatever Ray just said Goddamn u Susan Is there something I should know about him? Cause he talks to me on a daily basis on Tumblr and now I'm kinda scared  Wow 
I haven't had any crazy experience with her yet. All she does is send me dessert images and recipes, wholesome posts and we both talk about Lovelink and HSSCA since its our favorite topic.
But thanks for telling me I'll be prepared next time mornin :PinguDab: mornin Eris ftw  Ayna and Jackie supremacy too cause Indian girls :forglove: Viv Huang It's beautiful Wait, your surnames actually mean something?! My surname doesn't have any meaning  Or it isn't found yet I did lol, alot of surnames here don't mean anything You ain't wrong :LMFAOdead: It ain't appearing anywhere lol The heck google?! Lol I hid it on purpose I'd like to hear their stories I ||fuck|| you? WAIT they got a special feature for schools on discord?! Bold of them to assume schools even use discord Bet my school doesn't even know what Discord is Lucky My friends use whatsapp  Do tell  Akksennensjdj Oof The mod really said "Pure good vibes only" Seems interesting lol Also Andrew, shouldn't you be asleep? She told you to sleep 3 hrs ago :LMFAOdead: Chaotic child I see :redfield: Oh yeah you are
Wouldn't it be a disaster if I... Ping Lu.... Lol fair Good luck having eye bags Damn wish it was trendy here too Atleast my skin tone hides those circles a bit but they're growing darker  The fuck auto-correct I hate you  Makes me look like I can't speak English properly Hey is it pronounced "Gaksi" or "Gucky"   I've been pronouncing it Gaksi this whole time Goochi sounds so uncomfortable for me :ConfusedCat: So who won the poll?  Wait between whom the tie was??? Alana Kusuma :forglove: That woman is me Where is the vote going on?! I'm not able to find the channel Plz pretend I didn't say that :IDKher: Yeah lmfao Man I miss SVTFOE so much :hawyee::YellingWoman: Disney did it dirty Ikr. They weren't the same in S4 and... Ugh it's kinda angsty and rushed Lmfao my robo GF is too perfect for me I can go on about Lovehacks aksbebdhhrb It's my favorite series That's what we're here for :ferretoblush: Lmfao I agree on the eyeliner I hate it when people apply eyeliner incorrectly Yeah it definitely isnt Unless you wanna narrate the story Idk why but I suddenly start feeling sleepy when I apply eyeliner to my eyes And I'm Achu hey Lu you okay? whoa I believe in Flynn "Eugene" Ryder supremacy :YellingWoman: "You fight good" Best love declaration ever :LMFAOdead: :bisparkleheart: https://tenor.com/view/tarzan-slide-jump-tree-jungle-gif-12175972 We forgot the king of jungle https://tenor.com/view/the-lion-king-simba-rafiki-gif-3577224 Technically he's a Disney prince too right?  *sad simba noises* Too late, I screenshoted this I agree lol :e_minor: He's Kiara's brother dude, Penelope is his wife :LMFAOdead:  Dw me too I just have the tendency to remember the name and surname of choices characters Lol yeah We majority of times mornin afternoon evening night mornin morning mornin\ :YellingWoman: Yeah I'm seeing the headlines on the news channel rn 
You did a pretty good job at blowing it up no ME UB3R-BOT blew up Malaysia?? Even in India LGBTQA+ community was accepted and even respected until those British colonizers came and now everyone here treats LGBTQA community like an obscenity and impurity ^^ ;-; I left Choices :D Remembers Andrew's faith in FA :| Lol one mistake doesn't mean he's bad But yeah keep your expectations low Also Drew thanks for the angy doggo pic :pleb: It does :) :') Team Pomeranian  :Bbay: I think those are peaches ** ** I never had peaches Honestly I never had things like peaches, blueberries, donuts, waffles, etc You name isn't "Stuffed " anymore 1am to 9am :pleb: Cause they're always supposed to be weird It's supposed to attract humans Commercials and their innuendos :IDKher: mornin Mourning Mowing Owning Testing Guess who finally got her favorite black nail polish?  You do _ morning It becomes a real job Same happens literally on every platform with my one friend whose last name's "Sharma" OOF Sharma, Varma and Banerjee are the most common surnames I know of in the whole country And my surname is literally the most endangered surname ever Even Google doesn't show it Good morning! I have exams in September  Lmfao the amount of marks those bloody suckers have left all over my body argh And if there are 3 people including me in a room, those mosquitoes will bite only me thrice :forg: Different places experience different climates I mean, I'm receiving rain too lol Heavy rain I might add Come to India then I like May-June cause summer break and the ability to eat ice-cream without triggering the never ending cold :judgyforg: You gotta sprinkle salt on my wound huh  @DaHomieDrew you're famous Nvm Viv bet you (hard) Remember this? Was I there too?  Aw lmfao Same here lmfao Yeah like rn I'm in my bed but Drew might be eating his breakfast Lmfao I'll take it :PinguDab: This  For eg Viv gathered us all and we played that eliminating game ~~where I won twice~~ I like to be pinged :') Ikr makes me happy People ping me, I feel over the top and like "Yes thank you for involving me in this convo" Yeah Tiktok is banned here Idk whether to be relieved and celebrate or cry Casue they created even more apps like tiktok here and honestly it's even worse Ugh I hate Instagram even more since Reels came out Also YT shorts  The main reason was to ||ban things that originated from China|| My YT shorts are either people flexing their talent or people making me loose my braincells As quoted by Slayy Point:
"Ek toilet band karo to log hagna nahi chhod dete" You're safe then Or that you haven't updated your YT To my non Hindi speaker friends, this is definitely not what I meant when I typed that quote OG translation: "People won't stop pooping around even if you close the washroom" Related to Tiktok being banned here  Google didn't save me from my German exams :') But I still passed cause sentences wasn't in the syllabus yet It was just translating words and questions Also Mornin :ping: One Tumblr user named the BaBu twins Peepee and Poopoo Viv's sister streaming when I'd gladly watch it Should I ping everyone for your return? *sad pinging noises* Buddy I'm already dead Lmfao good luck with that :ping: Well.... Make the person you hate read that acronym I feel nothing but nausea while traveling (sorry for the ping) mornin Kyo Why we're just greeting our long lost bestie '' worthy that sucks :hawyee: mornin Howdy y'all Install Ayana now She's a music bot too I know :hawyee: D a m n Top 10 anime betrayals King Kang's popular They slowly attacking every music bot Yeah there are more music bots out there Hey what's @NotSoBot's purpose? And @Nadeko? That's King Kang to you :VIP: King Kang still ahead by... A lot of votes morning Wow So our online class is 35 mins long and this maths lecture was gonna start at 9.45
Our sir sends the link at 9.52 and then when I try to join he ignores me
Now it's 10:15 and he let me in like wha He... What.... *cries in never had pets* Y'all play games for 17 hrs?! Damn my motion sickness is quacking I pray for your eyes Kyo *says the person who spends 13 hrs on mobile per day* Never too late till you go blind tho :e_minor: Blind as in low vision Not completely blind morning fam Yeet :PinguDab: You're the milf Lu You were a mom to me We put the Lu in miLUf I drink milk out of tea cups I'm still confused why are they talking about a baby bottle apple juice.....  I must look dumb now for I'm gonna ask... What is ihop? :dopeywhat: So whenever Kyo gets depressed I'll alert the milf Pretending to understand what it means Even though I don't know the J of Japanese Yeah learning a language is hard, especially if it's script is something other than Roman Oof We're taught to be good at 3 languages since we're 5 y/os The school even tried to teach us German language but after 2 yrs we refused I can understand German but I can't create sentences so no use lol My mother tongue has a lot a dialects so RIP me Me trying to learn my mother tongue even tho that's the language I speak at home Oof Vietnamese omg Good luck Wait you gotta change the pitch?! You gotta change the pitch of your voice while speaking Bro is this singing Oh Wait these are like kana matra The feeling is so good Me with my parents and maths subject No wait I mistook it lol no they aren't same My mom still yells at me occasionally for that akwnebdjdbrb Absolutely That's why teaching us German when we were 13 didn't work out Yup And PB handled it in TRH and BaBu quite..... What would I say..... I always have the RBF and my father's like "What got your thinking now?" Like, no that's my normal face The relatives make us remove our masks and stand close for photos :jebus: Since I was infected by that virus, the people say I'm immune to it now cause the antibodies stay for 9 months so don't worry Me My lungs got freaking destroyed I'm not okay I can't sing properly anymore ajwjedhsjhs I needed a whole day to search for short songs to sing for the singing competition and ate nothing, not even tea before the competition cause they make my voice hoarse Show me show me Boy you have no idea 
And I was the one having the least pain in my family But yeah my working capacity is halved and I'm not able to focus on studies Duck you Covid Don't let it infect you Drew, youre a lucky ducky I got the virus cause of my father
I hadn't even left my house :hawyee: It's COHVEED Wait it's not pronounced COH VEED? Cough weed I never heard any of y'all voices Except for Drew ans Bel I've heard yours and bel's voice Dude you forgot I had joined your MC livestream and kept annoying you with questions Wait wrong reply Sorry Ray Wanted to reply to drew Lol it's okay that was when I had just entered this server AWWWW   I can mimic Mickey's voice lol, I'd happily perform in the VC party Brb clearing up my throat It might be a bit higher since I've been mimicking it when I was in 4th Std and now my voice is a bit changed Dw I can't perform rn my classes are going on and I'm attacked by my sinus infection Lol first Bel and now you Thank you guys  Meds don't affect me lol Nope I stopped taking them an year ago Everything the doctors gave me, they only worked for a while 
I again got the infection No it's okay lol I've learned how to live with it Idc about the infection, the only downside is that my nose got blocked by the mucus It'll clear up till afternoon But I'll be sure to ping you ajsbebdbsb MILF nurse OH MY Petition to create the MILF Nurse and her adventures channel Is Mara in this server? So I could alert her of a DILF Mara usually goes for old men As a joke lol Duke Richards is a huge D||i||ck (I'm trying to summon her) Dick is a nickname too so why spoiler tag the whole word?  Duck you Dick I remember this one choices character in PM book 2 named Richard Cummings and they created some inside jokes about it Lmfao Who's your crush now?  Fictional? Oooh Lol I understand Fictional characters are way better than real people I've had only one irl crush during puberty and that too got over soon when I was introduced to VN s Lol ask him for his number and hand out Just say "Hi you cute wanna hang out?" Confidence is really good to sway someone (I'm joking lol plz don't try this and get smacked) (: ```You're welcome ``` Borrow some of Viv's confidence From what I've seen, she seems hella confident Borrow her's :mmYea: :e_minor: I'm surprised this didn't summon her Timezones suck Btw when are we having the VC party? I gotta prepare ~~And hope it's not at midnight~~ XD I can't enter now it's school morning https://tenor.com/view/whatever-shrug-love-lucy-okay-idk-gif-16447471 It's Wednesday I'm wearing black Brb finding a pink top Borrow some of Viv's confidence you too This is reversed lol Yeah the dog cute :elmofire: Lmfao It's entertaining to watch Drew simp for men Whoever called you a shitty person is gonna face my daggers  Oh yes you are    In this house we drink high self esteem juice That's a knife But oh well :lgbt_knife: :lgbt_knife: :lgbt_knife: But you even vomit rainbows And cry rainbow tears :bife: https://tenor.com/view/pain-soul-lonely-single-aro-gif-21234013 Damn, this GIF hit hard Me too lol
They atleast make me feel something https://tenor.com/view/the-simpsons-homer-simpson-im-going-to-clown-college-clown-college-college-gif-22584893 I'd Ace it Even win the Clown Queen of the years :VIP: Lmfao :eyez:  Yeah I definitely didn't saw a penguin coming out of the lawn and telling me to forget everything And I did saw what you did 5 minutes crafts really did foam up egg whites in a foaming machine and poured it over their coffee :IDKher: :jebus: :ConfusedCat: I'd like to unsee that video They're psychopaths doing things like these Lmfao Should've eaten Mochi first https://tenor.com/view/peach-goma-gif-21113473 Here By recycling the same videos again and again and posting every 24 hrs on their 10+ YT channels For eg: Making a rather soft, bendy and ineffective fly swatter using hot glue, melting marshmallows in a waffle maker to make so called marshmallow fluff, adding egg shells into your coffee, adding metal chains and jewelry to your hairstyle to look trendy, etc etc Don't you just get the feeling that something is wrong when everything goes too well for you? I'm getting that feeling rn I won almost all the fight today in SF3 and Arena, I got rewards, my younger sibling didn't kick me, etc Something ain't right I fear tomorrow :this_is_fine: :jebus: My jinxes are super bad They even followed me on internet now I've spotted one gray hair at this age, you don't have anything to worry about :forg: I mean, if I weren't stressed I wouldn't have started playing Choices I only get acne breakouts when my cycle is near But I'm mostly acne free Yeah same here Ah this reminds me I haven't drank water It is true Lu Or one's lifestyle Side note: I need to exercise more often I'd rather remove them myself lol it hurts badly when my mom does it I mean, I use a towel as a barrier between my nose and fingers I'm talking about Blackheads! Not pimples My father would beat my ass if I popped a pimple Why do they find it satisfying?! It's painful indeed Ouch Because we're humans We do everything we're not told to Absolutely They definitely are You're lying Lu :shifty: You gotta squeeze the dirt and oil out Even if we do, it doesn't stop blackheads and pimples All we had was our parents and tv commercials telling us about pimples and blackheads :e_minor: Same here I really wanna cheat in math Y'all saw nothing  What is proctorio? That's the only type of cheating I know wjenejridie Throwing knives is more fun In a glass house He'll throw Rugby ball then Since it's also called Football :judgeyfroge: What's afaik? I keep forgetting the abbreviations Ohk My memory is whack :WTFthonk: First ever English song I heard in my life And I loved it I even had it learnt during lockdown but forgot the lyrics again WAKA WAKA EH EH Lmfao get ready to pay me :dopeywhat: Congratulations on setting the 'expectations from you' bar even higher 
Get ready to exceed that bar in next years /j Yeah I wanna hear Lu's voice :pleb: ....when is the weekend? Lol I imagine you have a normal-deep voice Mine is a bit nasal thanks to sinus No I don't I definitely don't :judgyfroge: Infact Lu is gonna pay me for singing Waka Waka in the VC  (dw lol I know you weren't serious Lu) Love it when I'm wrong aksnebdbsb For a second I thought the bread had fungus all over it Sounds like something my 14 y/o self would've made Me neither Stu'died' instead cause sinus infection wasn't letting me sleep Black goes well with Red and Gold Black goes with any shade of red and gold Get ready to mess things up, savage style *gets popcorn ready and deletes Tumblr* Honestly Tumblr is gonna explode today with hate, might as well get away from it I pray for @somewillwin and @jmojellybean and their ask box today :poppydealwithit: :poppydealwithit: :poppydealwithit: ADAM :YellingWoman: :TrumpAmongUs: turn off ads Bold of you to assume I'm even allowed to wet myself in a bathroom while being sad My shower's broken :pleb: I've used shower only.... 5 times in my entire life? I don't use shower :this_is_fine: Bucket and pail/mug ayyy Ayana is there hop Guys quick suggest some male cat names We decided on Simba https://tenor.com/view/the-lion-king-simba-smiling-gif-19154642 :PinguDab: OH N O nothing much I ran out of my luck Ya summoned me? I'm her child, here to confirm she's a mom indeed  Be careful Lu!  Hi! morni Mo M ** ** lame Love how half the purpose of General channel is spamming to summon UBER BOT UB3R BOT Ub3r Bot Huh, he ded :0 uberbot UwU :0 It changed the sticker :O Forg It looked like a fish to me at first askdnebejeb TT Britney Spears snake *"He's a little confused but he's got the spirit"* You're like my mom, Viv I *am* in my room (: Grounding me is a disadvantage for parents lol For I'm *always* in my room :mmYea: :PinguDab: :pleb: If you wanna punish me, make me ||go talk to one of my aunties|| ^-^ Exams should have a day break between them How can I possibly give 5 exams in a row without getting tired? -_- (5 exams in a row as in giving exams 5 days in a row) And for cherry on the top: IDK what's happening with my health but I'm constantly sneezing, my nose gets blocked every morning and I've been constantly burping for whole day since yesterday And I'm giving my exams It's confirmed that I have a type of allergy, but of what? No they don't wanna let me know Moaning Oh god I'm feeling sick And I have to give my exam in an hour Love how "idrc" also refers "I dented Ray's car" Oh no I'm so sorry! I won't do it again! Lemme grab my gluesticks and fox your car this instant Oh wait
Auto-correct.....   :LMFAOdead: Sorry for your loss Ray :shyduck: Gosh I really don't wanna study anymore  Tomorrow's Social Studies.... 3 subjects in one :hawyee: Well it's actually 4 subjects in one but thankfully our teacher was generous enough to spare us one chapter English is the easiest for me Math is the exact opposite I just read the chapters and practice some MCQs from google Anyway today was English and I scored 38/40  Oh! Right... Here! https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXc Gosh my plan failed successfully Idgaf = I... Drew's got alot fans Ikr = I ||killed|| Ray Nooooo not my only love of live!  Here, take your monie: 
    Now gimme food :mmNo: dmg = Drew made garlicbread rip = Ray imitates people Lmao = Lu made an oatcake Lmfao = Lu mashed faces against oranges Nvm = NOOOO! Viv's married! T-T Lmk = Lu made KitKats Rofl = Ray obeyed Fae & Lu Ayo = Aku yeeted oranges On your dented car :mmYea: Be glad I didn't yeet stones Smh = Salute Headmistress Mara! :WTFthonk: Oh wait SMH = So... Mara's Hacker LMK = Lol Metta knows Nothing, just creating sentences using famous abbreviations Dafuq = Drew already found ur quiche (and ate it) Btw Ray you got your car repaired? Sorry ~~not sorry~~ for foxing your car https://tenor.com/view/boys-kick-the-car-oh-no-damaged-the-car-gif-5236092 Ray when he finds out I foxed his car Vs Ray now that he doesn't have a car Naughty children fooling around :heheadrian: Lol he's asleep *gasp* My ship sailed and drowned..... :( Man I was celebrating the formation of UB3R x Drew These two dorks confessed their love for each other, I can't help but ship them -_- Godrew? Angod? Drod?  They *grew* apart sadly It's okay Drew, I still ship you with Gaybe Ricci :pleb: Ship name: Drabe, Gabrew, Grew Uh oh Hey Drew can rip off his shirt infront of God  Should I ping God?  @Water Puppies 
@Water Puppies 
@Water Puppies UwU Saw what?  :eyez: @Water Puppies Drew has a message for you Yeah even I have a bestie who's also a lurker in here... They never message (yes I'm looking at you [REDACTED] :eyez:) Anyway Drew has a message for you! Drew be more passionate! Dw even I never watched it 
Also Drew, carry on Lol I'm that one person who doesn't watch movies and shows I didn't even knew who Megamind is until I saw and talked with Abyss Okay so.... This is gonna be even more controversial but.... 
I never actually watched a single episode of Spongebob Squarepants I only know the characters through the memes :O I would've denied that but unfortunately I am uncultured fhsgsgsag You forgot throwing oranges, crashing and foxing your car, eating KitKat wrong Love you Bel :forgheart: Let's just say yesterday was a cursed day for Ray :e_minor: Anyways my exams start in 30 minutes and I'm utterly freightened cause it's Social Studies paper Ugh 20 mins remaining Gave the exams 
I should've scored 35 marks but the form is saying 32  
Gonna talk to mam about it brb Here to declare I'm officially free of exams till November :elmofire: A truly proud moment I once tried to get into a fist fight but the opponent wasn't taking the signal and thought I was messing with them Lol I'm the physical attack/sideline popcorn student I'd very much like to avoid speaking/roasting/confronting :pleb: HE WON YAASS Lu it's time for you to celebrate his win by boosting SPL 2.0 Someone's gotta do the job, right? :mmYea: :O Lu dropped da bomb Lu's the Megamind Lmao Hi Abyss Lu's the new Megamind yep Yay Love it when my ships sail A human Who still has the title Man how I wish it was 2017 Best time of my life  And choices Please take him out of the house and go on a walk Ray I'm never geting tired of this :forgheart: :pleb: Time for Ray to wash the blankets Turu-turu-tutu don't you just hate it when one pain ends, another pain starts URGH my periods are killing me :YellingWoman: Ouch How's your injured part? Your cats are messing with you cause you hate me  I'm the cat goddess, they're all under my control @kylie davis Hello Drew's facebook friend! :D Every cat hehehehe:caticon: That's a secret shhhhhh  Don't wanna spoil the future for you Oh I already ruined her dw bout it :poppydealwithit: Remember the face app edit? :ruserious: I already ruined her ajshrbrrb Kat :mmYea: Oh no Make up to those two hrs by sleeping on time today  Oh God there's a bright blood red spot in my eye LU! WHERE ARE YOU? She sleepe Ig Lol it's scary and my eye's burning a bit Gonna go to doc if it stays for 5 more hrs Father's busy and I have work too Also it's getting a bit lesser in area Lu not responding after pinging her reminded me of Jane being angry at MC for not saving her when she used that whistle :this_is_fine: It's okay Lu, I think my eye blood vessels broke up so it's nothing to worry about Also it's decreasing time by time Also oh no, what happened? :( Well, I do have a lack of sleep but I suspect my violent coughing and sneezing had to do something with it Cause no matter how I complete my 8 hrs of sleep Quiet opposite actually I try to remove the mucus in my nostrils cause they block my nose I always let them out :forgheart: afternoon fam Nothing much
What about you, victim? Does that mean I'm morisis?  Yeah I did thought Squid Game was like Escape Room Except SG has hundreds of people and ER had like, 6 Yum! 5'5 is tall? :ruserious: I'm taller than you Lu Why am I taller than everyone I meet who's in their 20s? :PinguDab: I mean, I exceeded my mom's height ages ago Considering my friend group, I'm average Girls be 5'6 and 7 in my irl group But are you shorter than us?  I'd definitely play around the fire What if I say I'm 5'5?  We got da answer I never had BBQ  Buy me a ticket So I can come You always were :mmYea: Lol I don't even have a passport :this_is_fine: Have that resting bitch face Metta It looks attractive on its own They wanna see if your braces as teens atleast show some results so they will think about having their kids get the braces I have only one tooth ahead so my parents are like 'Nah, you don't need them'
I mean, they're not wrong considering how often I smile :this_is_fine: Also one more thing:
Well bring on the blessings for I have finally fully deleted my instagram account and am now free from the whole app and it's nightmarish memories :PinguDab: I don't give toothy smiles so win win for me as well I'd never give up chocolate and chips for some metal wires that I don't need that much (I'm kidding plz don't take this sentence too seriously) My cousin siso had braces for 4 years; I know all the struggles "No sticky food that can get stuck in the wires" mornin morning Thanks Drew So my irl friends are all acting so surprised towards me not having/using any social media (they don't know anything about discord, the disrespect!) and ask "What do you do then? :OOO" Like girl, there's games and discord Yeah I mean, I definitely needed Instagram and Tumblr to educate myself on LGBTQIA community and Anxiety disorder but now I don't have any use for them  Me before using instagram: A straight naive girl who used to think gay and trans are the same thing (blame my education system and Indian media for this) 
Me after leaving Instagram: A Biromantic-Asexual girl with more knowledge about LGBTQA community than my whole school :forgheart: That's the only thing I'm grateful of from Insta. Everything else is cursed nightmare Yeah, I'm so sad that people don't know anything about this and act all repulsed when I try to mention something about LGBTQA Like damn my whole family and friends are homophobic Time to live in closet for another 5-7 yrs    Meanwhile my parents don't even mention anything to me Atleast they know you're gay
Dw Drew, they'll get behind it one day
They're your parents afterall They try to 'cure' you, but after understanding that it's not a disease and that it cannot be changed, they'll try to support you one day That must feel really good Yeah it's the fault of the surroundings they grew up in Lol I have Snapchat just lying around for filters and sometimes talk to my long distance bestie sometimes and there's the avatar maker right? 
I'm literally wearing an Asexual flag shirt beneath an open hoodie and no one noticed a single thing You forgot stu(dying) :pleb: I'm currently studying lol Gotta create my portfolio and projects for school in the middle of studying for mid term exams Babe good luck left me ages ago Absolutely Thanks!   Man Lu you definitely gotta watch it Lmfao Suffer :mmYea: I don't use any of those Discord my only social media Pls save me My mom's cleaning the whole kitchen And is constantly calling me from my room And receive a flying chappal? Yeah no thanks Basically I'm managing the house since morning while she cleans the whole mess and I'm tired oh god Meanwhile my sibling's been on his device since morning and I'm covering his demands as well Afterall, "he's little and I'm his elder sister who takes care of him" Lucky dude you can't imagine Being an elder is as bad as being a younger one tbh Elder one has to behave properly and have a leader personality + do all the work so the younger ones get proper influence 
Younger one always get compared to the elder one about their behavior and marks and the elder one has full control on them I'm the eldest I mean, the age gap between us is too big so he's only getting compared about behaviors Oh don't get me started on cousins Basically I'm the only one who is totally bad at math, all my cousins are really good at it 
The amount of comparison I get gosh Oh that's a miracle It does Cherry on top: My cousin siso is good at both household chores, studying, marks and sociality So I'm gonna get compared in every sector My social skills are worse than math I always say something too frank and everyone takes it in a disrespectful way Like y'all can't handle the truth y'all weak But yeah, it's comparisons everywhere for me Also gosh I'm answering all the phone calls rn 
I HATE PHONE CALLS Why's everyone calling mom?! WHAT DO THEY WANT STOP CALLING FFS Navaratri surely is the worst time for me Well, the cleaning before Navaratri Nah, just everyone suddenly remembering mom Like today's been:
Me: alright time to solve the hw 
People: *call mom*
Mom: *is cleaning the house* 
Mom: Dear, plz answer the call It's nearby Oh God it's October?! OH I TOTALLY FORGOT I was thinking its September My mid term exams are in November  Mid term of an year November and then February God curse online classes We don't understand anything I do that aswell and regret it instantly after seeing the question paper Lmfaooo Or venting about relatable problems BANISH THE THOUGHT BANISH THE THOUGHT DON'T JINX US :jebus: Oh fuck Discord, plz don't get bought by someone else Why can't we go back to item for item trading? .cowsay Give me bread Good luck milf Established barter system with money system as a back up AKDNEBRJSJS DREW You little genius .cowsay Give me the bread and I'll happily come with you Bribe the cow instead My project based tests take up only 5% of over all marks I really don't know the amount But they're important Really important Yeah But one thing's final IM TIRED Couldn't they do this like, an year ago?! I lost my self esteem due to it
That's why I say it's a nightmare Competing each other for most likes and follows Then attacking smaller accounts Getting misunderstood everywhere Me too Drew, me too ): I stopped using Tumblr aswell cause the Choices fandom got toxic and MLB fandom... Don't ask me about it Why follow meme accs in instagram when I have you guys sending memes every now and then  Laughs in Tiktok banned in India since last year Lol the wild ride that was TikTok vs YouTube in 2020 aksjenenwn A YT person roasted a Tiktoker (as usual tbh) and suddenly a Tiktoker comes in, tries to defend Tiktok but his reply was so cringe the YT peeps started a war Lmfao yes Discord best :jebus: :LMFAOdead: I enjoy B. Dylan Hollis' tiktoks alot Vintage cooking ~~and killing his tastebuds~~ :LMFAOdead: His style is so epic he looks in his 20s and his 70s at the same time Wait Drew lemme send you a link of his video you're gonna love it Snap was really a big deal back then I'm too young to understand this ajsjwjehwj I never played PM go *slowly backs away* She freaked me out as well ansnejshbw My mom was addicted to Talking Angela until the news spread around and my mom stopped playing it And that was the time I was newly introduced to the internet (I was like, 11-2 when I first used internet) Man the time when all the Outfit7 games and Subway Surfers were popular af It feels like an eternity to me aksnejebdhz Time stops in my case (: OH GOD
THE THUNDER
OH GOD IT WAS SO LOUD  FKAJSHSHAHWB Oh God I hate thunders It's lightning outside I won't be able to sleep aksneenens Oh how I wish this FB server crash should've happened at morning before I wake up Hey is whatsapp still functional for y'all??? I'm waiting for my online class link but mam hasn't sent it :WTFthonk: There must be some other issue then My brother got his link but I still haven't :ConfusedCat: My city still comes under red zone Press F in the chat for me Yeah I'm currently in my maths class :ConfusedCat: Q1) Prove that (X + y)^2 is an even number which is not divisible by 4 It's an actual question  Wait I forgot to put brackets Lol both are ^2 I'm really bad at these 
Like there's so many formulas, which one do I have to use here They're odd integers :WTFthonk: :WTFthonk: I'll try it
thanks for helping :forgheart: They don't know about any other app Also everyone uses whatsapp so it's convenient for everyone I use Google meet and Zoom And for sending links, docs, hw, notices, we use Whatsapp HELP everyone on this one gaming server thinks I'm a guy :LMFAOdead: That's good You'll spend more time here  That's even better morning Nothing screams evil like my Math teacher We have to submit our portfolios in school on coming Monday so instead of giving us time to complete the work he's like "Here have 8 worksheets more for the portfolio" 
Also it was clearly mentioned you don't have to bring notebooks for checking and he's like "That's for other subjects. Not for maths. You have to bring your complete notebooks to get the internal marks." like dude what He waves the whole subject as his own Fr he acts like other subjects don't exist Like yes, maths is important but so are other subjects :redfield: Anyways I have 2 chapter notes, 8 worksheets consisting of 20 Qs each and 2 activities I don't know of to do till Sunday And I have activities of other 4 subjects as well Sometimes I wonder if he's trying to get revenge on us for almost making him loose his job :WTFthonk: They think "Kids are gonna play games till 2 am anyway, let's give them hw and take their only coping mechanism away" Sleep deprivation is bad but apparently our education system is bad on its own And this is coming from a person who doesn't have any social media Guess who drew an entirely different person for her writer's biography project? 2 hrs wasted Good thing it was a pencil sketch Drew is the hero we need Man I wish I was Lu's tadpole I wanna be a tadpole  Or a kitten :Bbay: mornin I'm still processing Ep 6 of Squid Game I mean, I knew what was going to happen but the cinematography of that show is so good We stan Drew calling out people :elmofire: Enable mono audio Or whatever it's called The setting where you don't divide the audio and both the sides sound the same Oh wait you meant speaker Oh no that's bad Does it happen everytime? If so you might wanna get them checked Oooh that's great NOT Y'ALL THIRSTING WITHOUT ME WHEN *starts bombarding them with oranges* Whenever y'all discuss Squid Game ping me this instant I'll come flying over here *foxes their cars and puts cute bandages over them* Dude all the bad guys were sexy akshwhwhwhw Also can I say those VIPs were..... yeah you get what I mean Man sang woo's sanity was depleted beautifully Nah not me Anyways 
Guess who just got a 'like confession' from her friend Lol ikr 
But at the same ||since Front Man knew what plane 456 is gonna board and all I can't help but feel like the flight must be rigged or smth and it's a good thing he turned around|| Mom pick me up AUTO CORRECT WHU *WHY I'd rather sleep on bed alone than have this nightmare comforting me /jk Who wants that???  https://tenor.com/view/honor-thank-you-for-your-sacrifice-gif-15150963 mornin morning Foxed car owner You'll need tissues (: Welcome to the traumatized group We've all been there I screamed so much  Grandpa thicc I know this is gonna be controversial but... 
I never watched Train to Busan Ooh that's a great idea Hey uhhhh I'm not able to use the stickers :dopeywhat: Noooo we lost the e minor as well :hawyee: :hawyee: :enemy: :elmofire: :elmofire: :elmofire: I know I know.... LMFAO remember how the captions for Mi-nyeo (212) showed "old man" whenever she referred to Deok-su (101)?
She actually says "Daddy" but the captions fd up  The captions are wrong ajshsbsbwbw I mean, partly wrong Wow I didn't knew that :IDKher: Thanks Fae Mi-nyeo really is the best character Lol I may have skipped that part cause idk when they did the thing ajsjsbwwb morning howdy howdy foxed car  owner? Had your oranges yet? morning oh no! here, have some  https://tenor.com/view/conor-mc-gregor-throw-ufc-give-aways-cans-gif-9725604 It's the most perfect joke we've ever created  Imma tell you anyway. It all started when I started creating silly sentences using the abbreviations and made "I dented Ray's car" from idrc and the rest is history https://tenor.com/view/cardoor-car-door-dammit-wrecked-gif-12142652 I foxed another of your car Oopsies Time to bring the barbie bandages Tfw you finished your exams 2 weeks ago and there's another exam in the next week  :KEKWhands: HELP I'm currently solving the maths MCQ worksheet and the first 6 answers are all option C Option C six times in a row  SEVENTH ONE IS C TOO OH GOSH This is a trap this is a trap Oh good 8th one broke the c It's a B! Oh God 9th is B as well ~~Un~~fortunately B couldn't survive that long and now I'm free from the curse QB in 1:30 hrs mornin yo We missed the Busan's train I really wanted to fox that train as well Nooe My goal is to fox every vehicle Ah it's okay time zones are the one to blame here Your car's really small :ruserious: It's small for me Lol not like that I meant cars are really small for me to fox I'm definitely shorter than you :LMFAOdead: Oh no what happened I hate projects Ah that's bad
I know what's it like ~~evertday~~ Plz take rest *A nap* I miss taking naps
When was the last time I took one...... me who's been using it as a nickname everywhere: :ConfusedCat: No wonder that one server thinks I'm a guy My name actually means Desire kaejejneebeb :samhelp: Today's Dushera (an Indian festival celebrated before Diwali) so we usually get holidays and all 
But our math teacher being like and I quote:

"Good morning dear students. 
Happy Dushera 
*sends a PDF of 10 pages*
Complete these worksheets today and send it to me"

*How charming*  Lies LMFAO I'm more surprised at the fact that you remembered it :LMFAOdead: Dude it's Dushera /jk :jebus::e_minor: +Aku Must be due to digestive problems Ah yes
Giving exams offline while being drugged with medicines  Covid dear just so you know if you were a person I would've ||killed|| you by now with my bare hands :redfield: /jk If you think my hands are puny you're absolutely wrong :mmYea: :LMFAOdead: Sam Dalton's hunting me for sports as we talk aksjsnsndnd I'd like to warn you though; I'm that student of my school who opens everyone's jammed bottle and box lids
I can easily lift anyone I once accidentally broke my father's nose when he was teaching me how to punch Yup 5'4 My brain's going through some different techniques to strangle you neck as we speak "Suddenly Aku takes out her hidden knife as Sam stands infront of her" 55-60 kg Welp, time to kick you in the abdomen and strangle your neck Lu I'm close to stealing your title You just called me Mommy :mmYea: But yeah, no one can steal Lu's title Long live Queen Lu the Milf Lol nope :LMFAOdead: I was replying to this Anyways got any more cars for me?? https://tenor.com/view/fox-bite-attack-snow-gif-14065812 You WHAT-  Ouch that's.... Gosh
I remember the time I chewed and dry swallowed a motion sickness pill BAD Excuse me mister, I'm Dyno's sibling, Gyno /lh  I'm a more human version of them Akno.... Hmm 
How about Akyno? Rhymes better Or Ayno Either way, you're the human 
You can name me however you want Done. :pleb: Ah no, that's Akyno now Good Luck mom!  Thanks Bhaiya you just saved my life Lightning's average where I live Lightning really is pretty scary Bhaiya you almost got striked once right? Oh ohk Yeah I've seen it strike once as well Blinds you eyes and defeans your ears I had the ringing sound in my head for a min Me LMFAO 
Even tho I'm scared of lightning I'm like "Oh well, if it does strike me, I'll either have some superpowers or just be a dead meat" All of these sound appealing ngl Getting teleported to another alternate universe where Choices consists of only adventure and mystery books PLZ PRINCE CHARMING FROM CINDERELLA 3 IS SO *ICONIC*  +Relatable +Respect +Bitch me too :pleb: I can hear Ray getting more and more triggered at me noe :this_is_fine: :poppydealwithit: Ngl the writing is really good and that's the type of writing i love reading the most But the genre :e_minor: So you're too old for it Got it Y'all playing HSS series be like: Uh oh Ray has been summoned Yep lol that was the most satisfying thing I've ever read Dw I know everything Lol if I had nitro I would've definitely changed my pfp to a fox On this server It'll change everywhere And I'm currently rping Dyno for fun In other server Akyno-mite :mmYea: ayyyy _...... ayy Cool :ruserious: :LMFAOdead: Gift me one as well Y'all go to concerts? :YellingWoman: Oh no here's some tissues and a hug   Welcome :D Maybe you got a nightmare? Maybe this is actually your dream and you haven't woke up yet? First, I don't have a car 
Second, I'm don't think so I'll let you go that Hmm, do you get enough sleep? 
*Be. Honest. With. Me.* :bife: :bife: :bife: :bife: But seriously do you get enough sleep? 9 hrs? :ruserious: Get enough sleep Ray, your mind and body are spiraling down due to not getting enough sleep Even I've started sleeping at 11:00 pm instead of 1:00 am cause I was having some worse side effects That panic mode is because you don't get enough sleep Trust me, start sleeping earlier I mean that too but less sleep will increase it even more Ask our resident nurse about it if you want to @Arzaylea I summon thee for I shall need your help Hello! Ray needs help Pffffff Anyway he thinks he can survive on 5 hrs of sleep and is constantly on panic mode due to it Also woke up aching and shivering Ray what was the last you went to a doctor?  Wait you got infected as well? Oof
Welcome to the "Quarter of my normal energy is now gone" club :Pirate: Lol my post covid activity is really low compared to my pre covid activity Guys just a silly game but
Tell me what I'd be sent to jail for? :hoopla: I mean, that's fair Your *desire* to buy a Happy meal ended you up in jail  
God knows how this went from part A to part B now :poppydealwithit: And I'd do it again CALL THE PARTIERS OUT THERE FOR I'VE RECEIVED A 144p AD FOR THE FIRST TIME ON YT You're the only person who atleast remembered akwbebebebebe :e_minor: I would've said mornin but I'm kinda late so..... Afternoon woooo :elmofire: :mmYea: Btw I've foxed your car You checked wrong :eyez: I may have foxed your other car then :e_minor:  That's what you get for telling me I have small eyes Yup Jokes on you I don't live in a house 
I live in my room :mmYea: Damn me indeed https://tenor.com/view/jonah-hill-fuck-me-right-superbad-fuck-me-my-fault-gif-10571339 Hello guys Just checking in Sipping my piping hot tea Nope Ginger and milk Orange in my milk chai will create a disaster Time to copy paste an essay from the internet They use what now- Lol my school is a different breed then
One student completes the essay from Google and later their friends ask them for the essay 
That's how the exact essay is circulated to the whole class And teachers don't mind it even tho they know we've copied Unless it's for project/portfolio Sigh... Those were the days I hate Covid for ruining the school for me Meanwhile we're just lazy :e_minor: ayyy :mmYea: Goodnight you guys 
Of to the bed :hoopla: mornin ~~Gotta fox the whole Europe next~~ Unfortunately I have no other choice:e_minor: You really want to send me to the jail huh Also social distancing :ConfusedCat: All I have is a sanitizer Oh! I forgot about this bad boy 

But it's short so  Rounder tool I once used that to poke a student's sole in the bus 
He was constantly putting his feet up near my head to annoy me So I stabbed his feet :PinguDab: https://tenor.com/view/burger-dance-floss-dance-delicious-gif-12547538 Borger Boogie Ugh now I'm craving a burger I know lol 
We call it compass as well I hate that the bitmojis aren't transparent 
30 mins wasted for nothing Lmfao I found a way to make them transparent Ikr Also you must've guessed what grade I'm in  Oof It's okay my grade's still anonymous in here Great. Nope it's okay Don't Evening Nope Been busy foxing Europe Come join me then :pleb: remember I once took a 24 discord light mode challenge?? ((((: Quite opposite actually
I'm now immune to light mode Imma flex it however I want :pleb: Challenge accepted It's not that bad Light mode bad is just a stereotype Done :pleb: Muahahahahaa With your eyes dummy I can't read Lu's name Pure blank Just a sass emoji Nothing else Change your Pfp to blank white as well and you'll become a discord ghost Lu's Halloween costume :( You'll look like this Dilf Lu  (Ping to alert dilf) I can see you Ray....  !!!!! YAAAY :aww: More like a toddler who finally got what she asked her parents for boooo exams boooo being a human let's turn into cats and dogs they way I wish a witch would curse me and turn me into a cat/raven my wishes are crazy tbh but like, I wish the fairytales were real Then the cat is me People and the innuendos.... :LMFAOdead: *jumps on you and scratches one of your wings* 
There ya go @Rayvenrock Imma update you time to time if you start thinking I'm a coward and went dark already Y'all weak /jk Anyway Tomorrow Social Science exam Wish me luck Idk how I crammed 8 chapters in a day Good night guys :forgheart: May your dreams be blessed by the love of forgs May... Flynn O Malley bless your dreams? I took a challenge @Rayvenrock Ding Dong Here your dong (: 
(Also I was in school giving exams therefore I'm late) Next time I'll screen record the challenge in parts of 30 mins Ask me for a screenshot anytime and I'll give it in 2-3 mins 
Unless I'm offline It's in SPL @Rayvenrock :mmYea: Everyone looks beautiful in light mode Also the stickers look more enhance d Ray! Ray! Ray! 
Ding Dong! I foxed your eyes :mmYea: Also there are people out there living in the light mode A former partner of mine used Light mode all the time I asked her the same thing, she didn't specify the exact reason but based on her messages, she didn't like dark mode that much Another acquaintance of mine in the gaming server lives in the light mode It isn't that bad, it's just a preference :ruserious: Try using it yourself for a day, you'll get immune as well I was once like you, now I've acquired a rather glorious power:elmofire: :mmYea: You pulled this on yourself, now enjoy the screenshots :ConfusedCat: And now, the next it......


Maths exam.
(Plz I want the ground to swallow me oh god) Plz do  https://tenor.com/view/crycat-crying-cat-crying-cat-thumbs-up-thumbs-up-ok-gif-22851318 Yeah imma binge-watch those good ol khan's academy mafs videos But like, I *hate* maths I don't wanna give the exams   Earth plz stop rotating so 25th won't ever arrive, I don't want my birthday to arrive anyway I'll even stop foxing Ray's stuff I will! :Bbay: End my suffering and I'll end yours ARGH FOX YOU   :YellingWoman:  :ruserious: I'm exactly 5'4".... Do I count? :dawg: YEET Lu herself is short I think YEET YOOOO @Rayvenrock I completed the challenge and even stayed 20 mins more akwnehe I win :elmofire: Plz command the ground to swallow me https://tenor.com/view/pakistani-fan-disappointed-gif-17939096 Then teach me how to Trigonometry Ray... That's Pythagoras Theorem.... ..... Atleast I could torture y'all with those light mode screenshots and flex my immunity It's okay Aight back to freaking out about my maths exam I know that as well
The OAOAHAHA method Sin = Opposite/Adjacent
Cos = Adjacent/Hypotenuse
Tan = Opposite/
Wait a min It was like this:
O A
A H
O A
A H
H A
A O
H A
A O How??? Oh wait that's easier ALSO I REMEMBER NOW It was like this:
O H
A H
O A
A O
H A
H O It also include sec, cosec and cot Sin = Opposite/Hypotenuse
Cos = Adjacent/Hypotenuse
Tan = Opposite/Hypotenuse
Cot = Adjacent/Opposite
Sec = Hypotenuse/Adjacent
Cosec = Hypotenuse/Opposite Oooih Trigonometry still sucks I don't remember how tf do we go from this to finding what's Tan A/-4 +3 :e_minor: I need blessings for math operations Ray I beg you plz command the ground to swallow me Just lemme die in style okay??? :mmNo: It's how you find out the values of the sides of a right triangle ............ _ LET THEM DO IT I NEED IT No I meant I need to take science :e_minor: Lol I feel like Ajay from HSSCA where the gang decides to up his grades Thanks I need it Use calculus to find the area of an Ameoba okay,,,,, Anyway it's waaay too late for me so gnite everybody
Also thank you for trying


...Man we gotta have a VC for this tomorrow :forglove: :forglove: :forglove: THIS :heresthemf: mornin I've been awoken by the utterly clogged and choked nose that is of mine Mom's saying everyone's got a cold due to the weather
But since I'm already attacked by sinusitis and allergies, I'm having a rather worse effect @Arzaylea I need help
Rn my nose did a thing where it pushes the mucus down your throat in order to remove it 
But when I spit the mucus out, it was a bit reddish in color. Is there anything to worry about? There was nothing to worry about, it's just that my nasal passage was irritated to the point it started bleeding a little
But it stopped and today I'm feeling a lot better Thanks for asking Kyo :forglove: It was really painful tho, I couldn't function properly yesterday My doctor did suggest an endoscopy to check what's going on but my parents denied awkwjejeheh Lmfao When your teacher wants to fail you so bad Biology is a whole new language Oh Ray you're alive! :elmofire: https://tenor.com/view/bonk-gif-19410756 Don't ever say 'unfortunately' *starts foxing your cars* https://tenor.com/view/tibetan-sand-fox-fox-animal-look-gif-15426370 I crai https://tenor.com/view/sad-blackish-anthony-anderson-tears-upset-gif-4988274 meh, it can be worse *faints* Dude I'm suffering from a viral infection thanks to the people around me IN MIDDLE OF GIVING EXAMS I don't talk at all Lol my mom often tells me it's like I'm not even in the house And my father sometimes forgets whether I'm at my home or not Around friends, I'm the sarcastic NPC and they know it Every friend group has that sarcastic NPC THANK YOU LU :forgheart: My mom made me smoke Ajwain today
It was painful Lol no :LMFAOdead: It's a type of seed used as medicine and spices It's really spicy in nature Gonna draw little Jack o Lantern's faces on my nails wish me luck :pleb: My nails are short tho due to school code so they gonna be like little pumpkins themselves My history textbook with French revolution first and Napoleon era after: You can't defeat me :IDKher: Time to revise things I learnt years ago evenin guys Hey dude High on cough syrup morning Imma join ya Become the Squid Game guard :pleb: afternoon I did my mom is making me answer all the phone calls cause she took a motion sickness pill (we had to travel for a long distance today) and now wants to just sleep  Meanwhile I have phone anxiety Found out SpongeBob is canonically asexual
Catch me dancing around https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-twerking-ratchet-dancing-throwing-ass-gif-13893121 morning Congratulations Lu Here's a cookie:  morning Plz save me from these unseen passages  Our English sir, sends a PDF with rather small letters, all the questions and answers are in there and we have to select the option in a Google form, where he's only written 
"Question 1:
Option a
Option b
Option c
Option d" 
URGH idk why but it's really frustrating and tiring Constantly looking from one device to other everytime and checking if I'm choosing the right option I don't have a PC :e_minor: Took this screenshot while solving my Google form revision :LMFAOdead: Count how many 4s are there in the pic :shijudge: Yo 
I finished watching Loki series 
(I know I'm really late but lemme hype about it--) I'm feeling a lot of emotions :this_is_fine: Isn't it funny how your eyelids have to lick your eyeballs in order to keep them wet :this_is_fine: Time for you to take a titnus injection .......... https://tenor.com/view/injection-needle-medicine-liquid-gif-13945892 Yeah that Tetanus, titnus whatever :this_is_fine: Look, I pronunce it as "titnus" and couldn't recall the correct spelling! :LMFAOdead: ....you got a point Team "I pronounce it as Titnus"  AHHH LU CHANGED Ngl I couldn't recognise you I wanna have a matching pfp too now :aww: Send the link! Oh ohk ill check it out I'm not able to find it T-T It's not on the page Lu can you send me the link? I find them attractive  My eyes have the ability to be both slanted and not slanted 
If I fully hide my dark circles and eye bags using concellor, they look slanted Gnite girls :forglove: Gnite foxed guy :nou: I had to put Viv's pfp through Google lens and find the picrew :LMFAOdead: Okay wait a min I've sent it in #multimedia-shabang :elmofire: :elmofire: :elmofire: Look, I'd do anything for matching pfps be it any artstyle 
Like c'mon this picrew didn't even have Asian eyes   :LMFAOdead: Only huge eyes or closed eyes lol Morning morning foxed person
It's afternoon actually now ajehehe https://tenor.com/view/we-bear-bears-hehe-scheming-rub-ice-bear-gif-16490927 https://tenor.com/view/sombruh-cursed-images-bonfire-cursed-gif-19250037 THIS GIF :hoopla: Help I can't breathe :LMFAOdead: :e_minor: :hoopla: There's everything wrong with this dude OH NO Here's a kitten for you to bring you alive Kyo voting for everyone I see Food porn? Nom-nom stall Love how everyone voted for Zoey HELP I JUST DROPPED MY KITTEN DOWN AND IT HIT THE BED :YellingWoman: :YellingWoman: :YellingWoman: WHAT DO I DO WHAT DO I DO???? IS HE GONNA HATE ME NOW? OH GOD IM GONNA CRU Nope, it just went quite cause I immediately put him in my lap and hugged him
Now he's sleeping BUT IS HE GONNA HATE ME DUDE MY MENTAL HEALTH IS IN CRISIS OFC I'M GONNA FREAK OUT Also wait, he didn't make any noise and perfectly landed on his feet. Does that mean he's hurt but isn't showing it??? Oh god But he hit the wooden bed frame and then landed on his feet on the floor Also he's so small and fragile I'm constantly freaking out about his health He's sleeping rn Guess I'll find out once he wakes up Ugh it's not even been 2 whole days and I already messed up  Also hey Fae, about the poop
How do I know if my kitten needs to poop? I'm really worried about his stomach cause he's been on a diluted cow milk diet since last evening We don't have the formula at home Ohkkk Don't worry Lu, it's just my anxiety disorder kicking in You think I was trained to have a pet Lu? You gotta start somewhere 
Also yeah Fae's right, get a gold fish OH N O Okay I talked with my father *again* The kitten is a month old :IDKher: Why doesn't it poop on it's own then??!?? ....No? My father brought him home yesterday out of surprise I said my father found it in his godown  My dad, me and my sibling are fond of cats
Then there's my mom, animal-phobic akwnwnwneb Lol yea you're half-tripping Yup, it's a stray One of his friends found out about the kittens actually, a month ago 
He informed my father about them and my father let them leave there
That's everything I know for now Until suddenly my father brings one home yesterday Yeah I'm trying to convince my father to take him to the vet but my father's like "It's a stray, it can live without any of those facilities" help  I know even I'm mad at him Nope He's the type of dad who thinks he's right about everything and doesn't hear anything else Yeah I'm gonna have some serious talk with him now I'm not good at conversations with my dad tho  Still I'll try For the sake of my kitten Alright I just talked to him rn
He said "Alright we'll take him to the vet tomorrow" 
But now you don't know another thing of him: he can get urgent calls about work from anywhere tomorrow I'll have to nag him now until he lashes out jalaksnwbebe Okay the kitten isn't mad at me, infact he won't leave my lap alasnejheeh I tried to shift him on his bed cause he's asleep but he's like "MEOW!!!" clinging to my pants and fell asleep again on my lap Truly this is so cute I just hope I get enough time to study :ethonk: Cause my mom doesn't like animals, my sibling is really small to care for him and my father isn't home most of the time 
I'm the only parent he has :e_minor: Eh I mean, I did study while having him on my lap, he doesn't trouble me, just sleeps so that's a plus But I can't move  I've been locked like this since last one hour help My legs got the pins and needles  Wish you could tbh  But hey, anything for this cutie They do But not too much or they'll make me even more deprived of sleep than I already am This little dude woke me up today 7 am cause he was hungry  I'm sorry you did what? I never heard of anything like this before so I asked He what now-?! Listen, I used to say I wanna turn into a cat/dog
And I still stand by that wish  THE KITTEN POOPED ON ITS OWN I'M SO RELIEVED RN SJEJENENRN I won't have to stimulate him   Ador-freaking-able  I loved that movie ajebrjebreh Pls take care of yourself dear  Look what I found Forgress Bar I use the UV protectors everytime I use my devices so I am quite used to glasses and their maintenance  Yikes That's the neat part, you don't But if you schedule everything properly without giving any other activities time, you can manage to sleep in time ~~and fry your brain~~ Oh no and you're giving exams while on meds?  Hmmm, try massaging your head first to relax your stress, then sleep on a comfortable surface and think of nothing else
Or create fake scenarios, I believe the meds will kick in and do their work to make you sleep You definitely need to, loosing an exam is far better than loosing your mental health forever (sorry for ping I'm really sorry-) All the best dear (.  .) I don't even drive () Allergy days are the worse What allergy do you have Drew? Pollen? Well if you think that's hell, I have dust allergy
And I live in a pretty dusty area Even right now my nose is pretty runny aksjwjshv Blowing nose till I burst a ||blood|| vessel go brrrrrr   Goodluck fae Pancakes are super easy Just remember to be patient Yes Happy "I didn't knew Turkey was edible until I heard of this day" Thanksgiving!  Yeah I know that now Even humans are edible Sand has a crunchy and nutty flavour as well Good morning Fae It was really wonderful Hey there! Hey Ahmed is that Sage in your pfp?  Ofc it's Sage ajwj you play Fictif as well (I don't play Fictif actually, I've just heard and seen a lot about it thanks to playing The Arcana) :ferretoblush: :shijudge: Gnite Kyo Idk when I joined this server:WTFthonk: I forgor OH LMFAO carry on Would you mind showing us? Oh you did thanks :this_is_fine: I'd literally block people who'll hit on me Also was he indian? Okay now that's infuriating People need to stop treating us aces like we're a different species  ...idk what to say I'm so sorry dear This all sounds ugh I'd like to not get married
Even if I do, I don't want 500+ guests in there just for the food buffet People who got married in Covid are luckier than they think The next number to get married in my paternal house is mine anwjeeheheh And that's gonna be... 8 yrs later Atleast Same here ajenebe My parents say they won't let me get married till I get a job Which is good They're the best People start proposing us the second we turn 21 atleast :shijudge: That's....... You were 17..... My cousin got married on Feb 2021 only, she was 26 ig Ah yes, people thinking we're in early 20s because we look like it ajebebebeeb Relationship? Commitment? Yeah I totally don't forget about them until someone brings it up uh huh Tbh everyone should get into relationship at their own paces, not because of peer or family pressure I'm the kind of person who doesn't like relationships and all so looking at my friends, no I ain't affected by them  Same. I gotta focus on my self first cause if I myself ain't properly developed then my partner is gonna suffer as well I think about irl men and I'm like yuck, I'd rather have a wife Unfortunately it's true :hawyee: Drew is the best man I've ever met Also there should be a new sexuality: Fictionsexual 
Because I am always attracted towards fictional character and 0% attraction towards irl people Real life example: Me and my sibling
My cousin and her sibling Women are 'supposed to do those things' ... you're absolutely correct :heresthemf: My mom is really supportive about me having male friends, she even encourages me to talk to me him and all, my father on the other hand...... :hoopla: Thank God it's my mom tho, she's the one always besides me My mom says she trusts me with everything I do. She knows I won't do anything wrong and honestly, that's kinda motivating I hope my parents find out I'm biromantic and accept it Thsi is my father sjsnenebeb I was peer pressured into lying that I have a crush Meanwhile Im the popular kid I've been proposed 3 times :IDKher: It was AWKWARD Like no plz By my father
Be too overprotective
Don't let me even talk with guys
Don't let me go out and play after I turned 12
Only girls are besties
Don't notice me being all barfy whenever I see people 
Ask me why I'm anti-social
Don't give me any knowledge about the outer world
Surprisedpikachuface.jpeg Discord friends are the only people who give me info about the real world It's okay, girls are supposed to be quite in my household It's considered a good quality, minding your own business and not speaking up until someone asks you a question I'll need help in speaking tho, I developed a minor stammering problem The thing is, mental illness and all is.... Foreign language for my parents I'll try getting help once I cross 18 and go away from my home For studies Hmmmm I'll try your advices Well, there are counsellors at school. I'll try to reach out to them Yeah, I've been getting a lot of problems since I was isolated for 2 months in a room because my family got covid but I wasn't infected No, I got COVID afterwards eventually And it reduced my capacities to 50% I can't even smell properly ansbwbeebsv Eh, I'm fine
My grades are not I'm a teen, so I will But I still can't identify most of the smells Dude my boards are going on  Thanks Tbh I'm still freaking out about them Like, board exams in 2 days AHHHH SST I have studied everything But those questions are asked from any corner of the textbooks Even the useless ones Yup I'm still freaking out Exactly UGH Oof MCQs destroy us all I'm leaning towards medical Tho I wanna go to digital art and animation as well Do we need mathematics for digital animation and all? ...I chose basic maths Because maths... Just nope Lucky ALGEBRA CAN GOT TO HE-- ~~Malpractice~~ ksebebebwbwb Thank you guys The Arcana Romance Club Tho I stopped playing both of them Romance Club is painfully white and hetero The stories are really good, but.... Yeah The Arcana is the best, but I finished all the routes Ugh family gatherings My mom really understands me and tries her best not to get me involved in the centre aksnsnsnsbs I love her so much, she's the only person I care about the most cause she understands me She knows I'm non verbal and completely understands cause she's introverted as well Also lol do you ever talk too much and your jaw starts paining? I'm a fast talker as well but due to stammering I have to repeat sentences Good Luck Firework! Does Shadow Fight 3 count?  I play it lol Nekki ruined the game completely tho But I still play it, hoping the new event doesn't include a battlepass again Yes Shadow Fight 2 I'm into RPG They're really fun I would've said 'try it' but I'm afraid this year's major update turned it into a P2W game I'm still being an F2P akwnehwbwwb *glares at Choices* Oh god I hope they get everything right It'll be really disrespectful for both us and the goddess if they get it wrong I'm really really scared Even tho Kali mata isn't my deity, I'm scared (there are different deities among each family) My family's main deity is Lord Ganesha and Vitthal Rukumini They're definitely gonna get it wrong  The Indian Mythology needs years of studying Like, you need to be studying about it since your birth The disrespect oh god Lol lemme tell you about this one movie called Padmavat. The director had everything correct except they gave the actress who was playing Padmavati a waist showing saaree.
The chaos that were caused because it was disrespectful towards the queen oh god :IDKher: They reedited that scene and fully covered her body Later on Ikr It's disrespectful towards people of that category if you can't get things right You're correct People still follow and practice Hinduism by heart My friend from Rajasthan said it was real story but oh well As a hindu myself, I'm rather worried about this book Yeah now I remember learning about the Khilji empire in 9th std I mean, about all the empires Oh the story is taking place in Kolkata 1980 Yeah Boards from tomorrow help me  Its out of 200 now 40 marks for each subject Which is even worse I cant afford loosing a single mark They made this rule due to Covid, so that even if the cases strike again, our previous board marks can be taken in acc ARGH WHY do i have to be the first batch to be experimented with  Thanks Yeah, getting constantly told by everyone that i need to score good marks in irder to study at better college and all is spiking it up *deep breaths* ill be fine ill be fine "But we're just telling you to score good marks, we're caring about you and this is how you treat us?" Its not same in my case, i need to score good matks cause im the topper, but recently my marks have been reduced from 90s to 80s thats why I really wanna say "Look, we've been surviving on self studies cause online vlasses dont so shit, so pls cut us some slack" but UR GH Boards are boards, they aint gonna cut us slack ill try to, thanks for the advice I talked to my mom rn, i feel calmer My father talked to me as well, i feel better now Im sorry to hear that Ray  Thank you  Thanks Ray  im bad at Math tho asjsjejeheheb Oh god Math UrRGH heart attack exams all have 1 day holiday meanwhile language has 4. Is this economy?  Lol SST is literally just rote learning You have to remember everything and learning EVERY corner IKr  Ill try this My parents dont know anything about my studies so im literally on my own these days :shijudge: :hoopla: It did It was good Questions were tricky but I managed Also I have to travel 1 hr from home to exam centre so I'm kinda tired by that :hawyee: Them trying to weaken my strength from all angles possible Yeah I'm having lunch right now ajsejebwb Oooh Best of Luck gurl! :elmofire: :forglove: OOF I'm so sorry :e_minor: I always think of my state's position in my country whenever trying to differentiate between East and West I live in Western India, which is in the left side Remember the map Okay I made this more complicated to read than it is :this_is_fine: https://tenor.com/view/whatever-shrug-love-lucy-okay-idk-gif-16447471  Help today's examination is all over news and Google :LMFAOdead: :e_minor: Science tomorrow I don't have any problem with Bio, Physics is not much of a threat, if anyone in here is good with Chem pls help me Purple :elmofire: What shade of purple?  Ikr it's really cold in here as well It's literally raining in winter, a nightmare *cries* Come to India I'll go to California I miss warm days :ruserious: Me who doesn't use Spotify: What are you guys doing exactly? LoL......??? Oh League of Legends lol lol https://tenor.com/view/reading-sign-cant-stop-me-no-one-can-stop-me-gif-13921932 Happy Birthday!  :elmofire: Omg same, I thought I was the only one ajsheheveve Yup :dawg: My parents gonna be worried about why I ain't hyperventilating as usual My parents want my sibling to be like that. But something got messed up and now I'm the one who doesn't show feelings while he's the one who's really emotional Lol I'm grateful to have him, but idk if he is to have me ajsnwbsbdb I tend to pull a lot of pranks on him and he gets all angry sjejebdbebsn Also he likes to compare himself with me  Like dude you're literally 7-8 younger than me stop it Got it from my dad  My mom and dad are opposites which resulted in me and my sibling being opposites as well Who doesn't tbh
My brother kicks me on a daily basis My brother tries to wrestle me and I easily lift him up in bridal style AUTOCORRECT STOP IT Oh god My brother sure has punched/kicked my right eye atleast 3 times but almost taking it out :IDKher: My cousin bro and I are the inseperable duo, my sibling and I are opposites  But yeah, siblings are the same everywhere And everyone's got the pros and cons Ewouch :jebus: Good luck dear and don't freak out My left eye (lower eyelid) has been twitching for a long time now :WTFthonk: Ray you foxed my eye or what? I'M FREE FROM MY EXAMS TODAY IS A NEW DAY https://tenor.com/view/friday-happy-dance-seinfeld-gif-15071542 F I'm 163-4 cm 5'4 here So we can spoon you GTA is my getaway to control my anger By driving over people In GTA? ....Yes B-but but running over people fun:ConfusedCat: Mornin Sorry Ahmed, guess today's day wasn't eggcellent for you after all ): Hey now it's out job to turn your sad world into a *sunny side up* *Never* You dare even rayise that statement against me? I foxed it You can't do ray-nything about it now Yesssss Noooooooo I'll make more puns  I fox everything I see I'm a Kitsune ajwnebebdbb If only I really was Beep yahe :ConfusedCat: BIG OOF Time to study non stop ig :this_is_fine: I'm bout to get back to studying My stress dreams are straight up weird It does, except the world fox me Eh I don't mind My hair literally became half the number I had before because I had stopped applying coconut oil Don't stop using coconut oil it's really essential for your hair Oil it Using coconut oil everyday can make your hair too oily, trying using it alternately My sibling has long eyelashes and I'm jealous of him A WHAT Toothpaste?! This reminds me I need to wash my hair bye bye My mom did that to herself, but with buttermilk I refuse to go within 10 metres of anyone that uses egg, onion or buttermilk on their hair 4 y/o me burned down a water purifier with her 5 y/o cousin and almost burned down our grandma's house
Fun times. Meanwhile I found out Santa's don't exist at 5 ;-; Ikr But still my parents kept giving me gifts on Christmas saying Santa gave it to me Awww Okay so I'm trying the garlic mayo with bread and cheese and wow it's so good Oooh I love garlic tbh Sowwe it's in my stomach ): Here have a sandwich: https://tenor.com/view/grilled-cheese-sandwich-food-gif-10414962 I'm so sorry to hear that Honestly my parents were like that as well and whenever they made me socialize I'd blurt out brutal truths But then after explaining it to my mom she understood and explained it to my dad. Now they don't force me to socialize and take me to events only if I want to I'm sure your parents will come around as well Let's go to space and wait for an hour then come back https://tenor.com/view/elon-musk-to-the-moon-elon-musk-snl-to-the-moon-doge-gif-21497174 Okay i shouldn't have searched Elon Musk's gifs in the discord gif section Rn I'm coming home from the hair salon and guess who got short hair and bangs???? I wanna see too now 2020 and 21 were shit my whole life went downhill But hey atleast it made me download discord Oh no what happened (if you don't mind) Oh no that's bad, hope you're okay  Happy New Year my fellow mellows  Imma blame it on Metta, he didn't wish me ): Happy New Year  Yup I can't anymore *starts finding another person to blame on* Rusty I love you so much  Yikes wth 
Pls be safe Kyo 12 I'm jealous of people who're above 5'5 NGL
My height is neither small nor tall  AMEN I want to be the tall one in both scenarios but that aint possible Imma start wearing heels now :Bbay: I was lucky enough to have both our interests similar akwjejeheb  (but considering I had only 2 crushes and they faded away) Hit them with the "Asexuality is a sexual spectrum, our romantic spectrums are different" Block them. This species needs to die Sometimes I wonder if my brain is truly human or not ngl :this_is_fine: Ouchie Viv vomit it out ||Shit it out then|| sorry sorry, plz take care and medicines Also careful with what you eat girl, it isn't good if it happens regularly:this_is_fine: Praying Mantis  Will do https://tenor.com/view/isabela-madrigal-encanto-encanto-isabela-gif-24274353 I see you four say things about cars and my mind goes blank cause *what are you talking about* Only thing I know about cars is that they give me the highest motion sickness Ugh worst feeling ever  I open the windows, turn on the music I like, try to zone out, sleep, repeat
If all fails, the anti motion sickness medicine makes its way into my bloodstream AC does the exact opposite for me sjenebebeb I need natural fresh air, AC one makes me nauseous Yes And I have severe case of motion sickness
It runs in my family Or just sleep They exist? :ruserious: I zone out and think I'm in some sort of movie or music video Same here Lol I get motion sickness from playing video games :LMFAOdead: I do, but then I have to look in the window's direction only or I'll get sick Since there's a person ahead of me sitting as well and suddenly the signals get interrupted :cooldown: I prefer travelling without sun heating our cars Travelling in the valleys does things to you if you're motion sick You wot Oh everyone gets nauseous in those roads Also I live in those mountain areas I just zone out the whole travel I don't enjoy any bit of it Oooh we got a server banner  LUUUUU REST https://tenor.com/view/cold-take-care-get-well-soon-sick-cute-gif-19858748 WAIT VIV'S PREGO?! Hello everyone What are you guys doing btw? Viv I genuinely thought I was gonna be an aunt  Oof here's a huggo to brighten your day https://tenor.com/view/mochi-peachcat-mochi-peachcat-hug-pat-gif-19092449 Not anymore https://tenor.com/view/milk-and-mocha-bear-couple-line-hug-cant-breathe-gif-12687187 https://tenor.com/view/boo-hug-monsters-inc-sully-warmhug-gif-10592083 :kyojail: This exists... What did Kyo do? :shijudge: I was looking forward to see baby vivy ): anyways- BABYYYYYYY BABY VIVY Happy Birth Kyo!!!  :shijudge: Sushi imma steal you soon YES IM PULLING OFF A HEIST TONIGHT Fine.... But only this time DW I'm still pulling off a heist *eyes your cats* I AM ARMED AS WELL I'M STEALING 5 CATS Bish I already stole the blind one Who are you? I don't have a mind tho Involuntary babysitter? Man I relate so much already You can say so Drew name yourself "Wine" Aw :( Lol I named myself Happiness because I can't get over that show Selfsitter
Familysitter
Petsitter
Foodsitter Booksitter
Storesitter  Sksskakksksksks *God replied to happiness* :ruserious: bp ** ** Alright ** ** ** ** That won't stop me tho Same here my chaotic punny pal Waste your time on a cartoon dear Go live your life Mam I was trying to use a psychological tactic where I thought you'd do the opposite of what I say :ruserious: :pleb: Nope She took my advice seriously I did :mlem: :Skincare: Wh-what is that? Oh good I succeeded I pretend I do not see it u_u https://tenor.com/view/elmo-shrug-sorry-im-not-sorry-gif-12168096 https://tenor.com/view/just-kidding-christina-aguilera-christina-gif-5467111 Mood Laughs in doesn't even own a car And The Arcana is on another level. The only way you can mine coins is change the time settings and collect the daily coins and play heart hunter You can't even restart your progress unless you literally change your device sleep If the baby was her dad's little sister then yes that baby is her aunt :LMFAOdead: Happy birth @Arzaylea our precious life saver     Damn Fae you put us all to shame with this message I believe Lu has already received the feelings I was trying to convey her through my message :pleb: Math and meth go well together I have difficulty #3 is definitely Thomas Mendez. Husband material indeed Lol yes Mom says i never put anything in my mouth
And neither did my little sibling