hello! glad to be here. pig practicals in biology class * shudders * Oof. Glad youre okay! I was thinking more of, just roles users could take with names of LIs we like. That's true. But all the LIs I like would be too many to list on my nickname lol :Simp:  for far too many femme LIs Yea, it is. I understand it'd be difficult to implement. Yes, it should. I apologize; I was unaware of the channel. p a k i d g e . . . ? Would this actually make a difference...? I mean,.. I'll sign if it helps lol hullo! LOL homophobic chicken Is the QOTD Squad role available for members of this server who aren't admins? Strange - I'm not seeing it in the roles channel oh, i see does moderator count as staff? ok, thanks! that clears things up a lot, i appreciate it. Lmao tim my beloved... :forg: same, but for my nightmares - themes of military service, pregnancy, and ||gun/knife violence|| like what you mentioned arise. ikr it's so weird. i'm beginning to think i actually have a subconscious fear of cishet men... (joking) also i love your nickname. i like gay too lol Oh man... all the colors are beautiful! I'd be partial towards the first two since I like darker palettes. I think the first one in particular has a nice balance of colors. It's your choice, though! w o w so big I wanna watch an hour-long healthcare video with you! stream it?  yaaay vc? be on in a minute hello hello hello! Oh? By what, if I may ask? Hmm, its like that sometimes isnt it? Im also a writer working on a new WIP. Sometimes Ill just write a line so humorous Ill think to myself, Wow, I am actually a literary genius, so I definitely know how it feels. Good luck on your writing! Im writing a fantasy novella (seeing if I can reach the min page limit for that lol) about vampires  I think Im about halfway done with a first draft! Hard same. And titles in general, for me. Any chance I can interest you in reading a work Ive already published? Perhaps playing a game based on my current WIP? lol Heres the book I wrote: http://amazon.com/dp/b08hrdc23r/ and heres the game: https://cressidastclaire.itch.io/sweet-magnolias thank *you*! it means so much to me that people are interested in my work :)) ^ whats writing, if not human sadness persevering? ello! Good! And for you? I know what you mean. Hopefully it is.  goodnight! sleep tight and dont let the bedbugs bite. LOL yeah should do that alright who wants to pretend to be my fianc(e) so we can snag some free goodies? /j night We live in a Society(TM) Aren't we all? so true... sometimes real people just don't hold a candle to fictional ones (jk) In first grade, my teacher made the class sing America the Beautiful every morning and went around the room checking that we were all singing. None of my other classes ever did this. A pointless exercise in compulsory nationalism, if you ask me. But they are also delicious foods. They taste like chicken! You spelled "2" wrong. I won't stand for this slander of Naomi Silverhawk! (jk) She reaffirms the fact that I'm completely gay. *HRRRGHNN* I have a quiz on June 2nd and a final exam on June 10th. The homophobia of it all!   (jk)   suck it, university, you homophobic institution (jk) mmm delicious! ^ same question navy blue, agree that burgundy looks great sorry, what're kyo's pronouns, don't think pronouns have been mentioned. no pronouns (e.g just use name)? @kyo Understood. I'll make note of that; sorry, it's just that people seemed to mostly use he/him and sometimes they/them which iirc you didn't explicitly mention were your pronouns Noted. Will alternate usage of pronouns or simply refer to you by nickname. Thank you for the clarification and I apologize for not catching on sooner.  Aw, I'm sure you look great! wow, that looks so cool. must be fun to press the keyboard ^ I concur. My mom likes to brag about my achievements, even if she didn't aid me in accomplishing anything. An example is, when I self-published my novella, she wanted to brag about it on Facebook to her friends. She did beta read for me (but not even to the end) but she had a lot of unnecessary criticisms (groaning at the romance, saying that things aren't realistic, etc.) there should be a banner in the Spotify mobile app, its very colorful, says something like This is *so* you! Basically like Rewind but different, in some way. Sorry I forgot all the little details. Lol same i can hear the stereotypical teen girl friend saying Oh my god, this is *so* you!! as they point to a random song On IOS, its under Search -> banner at the top See how you listen with on a yellow and blue-spotted background are you on desktop? it may still be located in the Search tab. Perhaps also check the For You section. if all else fails, the Internet is there to help hmm which OS? (sorry cant help you out on anything other than IOS ) what excuse me Pinterest this is the ugliest sweatshirt Ive ever seen. Ease up with the pinkwashing, alright? What the heck does I licked it so its mine mean? Sounds lewd smh and this, kids, is why we support queer-owned businesses rather than throwing our money into the dumpster fires of big corporations who will abandon us on July 1st ok but can someone actually explain what I licked it so its mine means? oh wow so im actually not wrong eugh but that means theyd be sexualizing queer folks. gross  Has anyone ever tried jalapeo poppers before? Might get them for lunch / dinner tomorrow. If I can tolerate approx. that amount of spice, would y'all recommend them? Got it. Thanks! Recently got back from errands + 2hr-long ophthalmologist appointment. I feel so bad for the doctors who had to run the same tests 10 times and literally hold my eyelids in place because I kept blinking.  and my head hurts because of that now. The High Lord of Eyesight has decreed I must suffer for my sins /j. uh also my mom and thus the doctor only used she/her pronouns to refer to me, while I wouldve preferred alternating between she/her and they/them pronouns. Since my mother was in the same room the whole time, Im certain she wouldve interrupted worth something like, Whats the difference? Youre okay with she/her pronouns and singular they pronouns are not grammatically correct! (which we know is simply not true). Should I have spoken up to correct the doctor? Trying to balance me being shy with the idea that I should demand such respect. quick question: what does the phrase e minor mean in slang terminology? any particular meaning to this emoji :e_minor: ? OH wow i thought it was a music theory thing and i kept using the emoji to mean sad/upset. and i thought it was a red frog face. well, now those misconceptions have been cleared up. thank you for your insight! forg lives our hearts and minds :forg: friends come and go, but forg is forever. Take my guilty ass to court. also no one call me amy thats not my name its cressida :shifty: yes, this was a concerted effort to teach me not to take myself too seriously. it was an inside job all along mwhahahahahah! soon i will have you all wrapped around my little finger, laughing indiscreetly at me. and i will be laughing too! :YellingWoman: :ConfusedCat: freg vs forg. who'd win and why? ... or neither, 'cause they're best friends ... i wonder what's an unfriendly forg look like? :WTFthonk: .img forg an excellent cake 11/10 would eat .img ferg who is this. not ferg .img ferg forg i'll take it. :forg::VIP: fergalicious Huh what an astute observation. My surname is also 1-syllable long. China! hmm, what part my dads from Beijing, mums from Taiwan (arguably also China), and my ethnicity is Han Chinese. my mom keeps reminding me that, when the Guomindang moved from China to Taiwan when being persecuted by the CCP, they took all the gold and valuable artifacts with them, so China was poor for a long time in history. What a power move. Agreed. My mom (as previously mentioned, Taiwanese) doesnt agree though and dude why? Dont want the country you were born in to be sovereign? Im staunchly against the CCP and am more vocal about issues that are not necessarily including Chinese folks so my mum thinks Im legit a race traitor lol aw no, Xi Jin Ping censored Chinese Internet? All Im hearing is that Winnie the Pooh lost his honey jar and still cant spell honey! What a shame. :e_minor: oh i was so afraid of gatekeeping in the LGBT community when I first came out because Its against Asian tradition! but luckily everyones been so cool about queer Asian people and POC in general  I think my mom still wants me to marry a Chinese man lol oh man  my mom literally said shell be disappointed/upset if I were to be in a romantic relationship with a Black woman. She points to my support of the Black Lives Matter movement as evidence of the aforementioned race traitor accusation. Definitely. Anti-Blackness is such a problem within Asian communities ugh Hmm, out of curiosity, Lu whys there a peach in your nickname? Are they your favorite fruit? I- ok that was my second guess but I did want to rule out the sfw option first. Its cool though! quick someone gimme a funny status update i ran out of energy for humor this morning /j ooh, movie night! can i join? *Saw* like the horror franchise? Is this also a horror movie? Might have to tap out of this if so  aw man  enjoy it, though! next time. horror movies with anyone i do a 0 degree and watch through my tented fingers behind a couch, already crying Lol Anything related to body horror/gore is def the worst. Even more bad if theres a psychological element attached, like (TW) ||self-harm or suicide|| Noted. Thank you for this discretion. oh wow that sounds terrible ehehe anywho ignore my sensitive snowflake butt /s and enjoy for yourselves! /g oi, sensitive to me is like, getting 3-month long nightmare fests from reading the plot summary of a movie with body horror. agree that its best to know what youre getting yourself into before you cant get yourself out, though Congrats!! Were proud of you. wow  its amazing the extent to which the human body changes and creates during pregnancy maybe, if it has raw eggs or flour. you could get salmonella. i wouldnt recommend it. try an edible cookie dough as an alternative sounds good!  hallo *gasp* ~~i'm sorry you have poor taste~~ /s ^ Yes, it encompasses a wide variety of small dishes BBQ pork buns? Love 'em, they're my favorite! The sticky rice lotus leaf wraps are good too. For the first few weeks in quarantine, all my family ate were those pork buns + lotus leaf wraps + vegetables Aw, my mom won't let our family eat beef. :(( ^ When I move out and am still in Taiwan, first thing I'm doing is getting Taiwanese beef noodles. She thinks that, by eating beef, there's a chance we can contract mad cow disease and she doesn't want to take that risk. actually... first thing is to visit the temple of Tu'er Shen... then eat beef noodles. :shyduck:  in case it wasn't clear why I'm not a good traditional Chinese person, it is now lol /s Definitely. Chicken is, I think, the meat my family eats the most. I read that excess consumption of red meat increases the chance of cancer growths so certainly all good things in moderation applies here. Last time I visited Taiwan my parents tried to make me pray to Chinese folk deities ~~and not to Tu'er Shen for a girlfriend lol~~. I think I was still a Christian back then (I was the only one in my family who converted, albeit not well and not devoutly, in 6th grade; I'm not anymore though, I'm agnostic) so... it didn't happen. My parents aren't religious either so... idk why we did it tbh. Same here! Ate sooo much Chinese food growing up, but that's to be expected. Panda Express? Oh, I see. Apologies for the misunderstanding. Don't think I've ever tried those, but they sure look good! Aw my mom doesn't like Indian food (probs because she's racist towards Indian people) so I've only eaten a few dishes on my own accord. *Stop with the racism mom, it's limiting my palette.*  same with Japanese food. For an Asian woman herself, she sure is prejudiced towards other Asian cultures... mhm, immigrant communities can be really closed-off Of course, I didn't mean it was surprising, just... disappointing that it's still happening. model minority myth Economically, yes. My mom always says  "China is rising" in an attempt to get me to learn Chinese ^^ same here. fuck the ccp authoritarian governments are the enemy. forg is friend cute "this is my forg, forg" f r e f am looking am not seeing anything though it's beautiful. it can have all my bread wow like me /j you mean you've... pigeonholed yourself? wait does this even make sense lol a him!! i love a him. Sichuan cuisine uses lots of spices as well. So many red peppers... but so good. oh dang more food i might not ever get to try :e_minor:  any favorite dishes you'd recommend? aside from nasi goreng, i mean. gonna look these up and see if there's any Indonesian restaurants near me. thanks for the suggestions! Huh, looking up Nasi Ayam, I actually tried it a few weeks ago. So good! Ignore how I said I've never tried Indonesian food, just not a lot. i'm just ignorant :e_minor: Was it good? Heard it had a lot of great representation for South Asian folks. Haven't watched a Disney movie in a while though. ~~still recovering from the disappointment that was *Frozen 2*~~ Right! Sorry about that. Hmm, I watched a bootleg of *Dear Evan Hansen* (sorry Broadway performers!), was obsessed with it for a little while, and wish I would've made a concerted effort to enjoy musical performance so I could be a bona fide music theatre gay. Does that count? i think i did but i forgot the name... That's it! Saw it and loved it Broadway Backwards rewrites songs as if they showcased queer relationships but... I mean, they could spend more resources writing canonically queer musicals instead of rewriting or retconning songs, although I know it takes a lot of resources to put on a show to begin with. LOL i really am :lgbt_heart_sparkly: it's beautiful. and green like forg. @ choicesolivia? Seem em. Pretty cool! Oh I dont think Ive seen it, then. turtlelinis! huge, as they should be. beautiful :aww: hihi! Good. Being named a marker of national cultural background is nothing less than the film deserves. Got a final exam in an hour!! Wish me luck ~~so I don't fail this course~~!! Exams done! Im gonna resign myself to the sweet embrace of death.  ugh do you guys think the prof is gonna curve if i had an ||anxiety attack|| in the middle + after the test?  ooh i am so dead. uh my score brought the average down. oops. actually, iirc prof is going to change the grade weights, not curve the test scores. idk if that will be any good but i failed the course regardless so :hawyee: do you think this will convince my parents to ease off of pressuring me to minor in CS or will it actually make them ||disown or kill|| me? mmm, courses in other subjects like english and social sciences (yknow stuff im doing for my major, give or take a few) are fine, but cs (and sometimes math, though its never gotten to this low of a point) is where is really gets rough. this quarter i took 2 courses (after dropping one already). i think ill just retake this course at some point next year (focusing on major courses for the summer + fall). im already ahead credits-wise, though, so that shouldnt pose too much of an issue. i think my minor is worth it only because my parents tell me that i have to be a software engineer and since i already was not going to major in CS, minoring was the second best option. (major is Cog Sci with a concentration on AI/Human Computer Interaction). basically my decision (or coercion) to minor in CS stems from a lot of pressure career-wise, not because i actually want to do it. but i cant exactly make a stable career out of the arts/humanities/social sciences that would make my parents proud. "oh my daughter's a software engineer but she ||literally doesn't have the will to live|| but who cares! she's following in her father's footsteps!!" ||die|| uh.. writing or game development? something adjacent to comp sci but not software engineering How's my trash baby looking so far? eugh i wish. they said game design isn't useful (because video games are a waste of time, in their minds). ironically, my mother is really into a video game rn. youre not the only one  Tessa Thompson, Jodie Whittaker, Linda Cardellini, Chris Evans, Misha Collins (so I can hang out with the latter two, not carry out an affair; they seem fun) knowing that these famous people are shorter than me gives  me a unique sense of pride Twin Dragons Steal Divine Marbles! and then your gouge their eyes out. ahshdhdhd im size 10  even bigger feet dudebros .ud Minecraft deepslate oh this thing: https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Deepslate I don't play Minecraft so Idk lol yea, that's what I thought of initially she is. disappointing that she isnt an li lol i was gonna respond with Korea because iirc thats her nationality that one ad i cant unremember it so were in the same boat same here. im gonna lose my gay card :( /j stereotypes? typecasting? none here. eugh my fingernails need to be trimmed thanks for reminding me lol F R O G G E ? assuming on alt tiktok can also mean watching them and someone here said Im a musical theatre junkie since I know Broadway Backwards is. queer? the only reason i dont have more is because my mom thinks i already have too many (3.) its difficult seeing people out there living your dream. AJSHDHGSGDG viv will you marry me /j /p true :uwu: the gsa put up these posters everywhere discouraging the use of the phrase thats so gay! but ppl would still say gay in a derogatory manner. TONS of asian students. trauma there was some fucking scandal with some white students writing a ||kill list full of Black students|| and the schools newsmagazine did a feature on it. the administration did fucking *nothing*. uh the assistant principle called this group of female senior students sluts because they were participating in the hoco dance. i hated it so much tbh. i have heart palpitations now.  also i had one teacher who, to this day, i think kinda fetishized chinese culture. idk im probably overthinking it but it didnt strike a right chord for me. i told him i was bi (an assignment i wrote; dont i.d as such anymore) and he said it would be good to experiment in college. he had these stupid powerpoint presentations that were such an eyesore. mr p, i will see you in hell. another teacher i had yelled a lot, fucking used the n-word once when he was quoting someone (still doesnt make it okay, obvs) and another derogatory anti-Black term. he hit everyones desks with baseball bats as well. terrible teacher, really. other mr p, i will see you in double hell. aforementioned ||kill list|| fucking school admin didnt do shit to the perpetrators  jesus i heard a rumor of one of the science teachers dating an 18-year old (not one of his students). and my English teacher that year apparently said that he was disgusting. ive heard about it in the context of fraternity rush. its when you are forced to pull off some crazy (maybe even illegal) stunt in order to prove that your loyalty lies with that fraternity. how messed up our schools were *Dear Evan Hansen* - saw a bootleg on YouTube and sometimes listen to the album. Does that count? lol ^ As a lesbian, I concur. Men are quite something and not always a good something. As the joke goes, Fuck men, be gay.  ^ theres the wlw x mlm solidarity we need same here lol but yall already know that. whoops! pfft I should change my FB username so I can reconnect Spotify to Discord  i hate having to maintain privacy; literally only one Discord server knows my actual name in any capacity and thats because one person on there is my irl friend (sorry. this server doesnt get that privilege lol) lol i love how Facebook, this social media app that was once the king of its category, now has a 2.2-star rating on the App Store. This has been a shameless promo for Pinterest. /j fuck you Facebook, theres too much private info on my profile. ew uh how do i change my FB name. or delete my account lol Got it! Thank you. oh no i have Facebook friends who hopefully will somehow figure out that its still me lol as soon as I figure out how to disconnect all my other stuffs from Facebook, my accounts getting trashed lol yoooo, facebook account is gone! no regrets lol b- backrooms? makes me think of infamous liminal spaces lol sounds fun!! enjoy it! AJAHSHGSGA sorry! must not be as creepy, eh? Once a year? How...? Also, I understand your situation. You're not alone and there's resources out there to help you. Love you.  ^ I know how it feels. How do I turn my emotions off? ^^ take a break evenin'! oh no! hope you're doing okay manifesting good vibes for you!! congrats!    oh wow anyone else think she resembles Melania Trump just a little bit? lol that was the first thing that came to mind. ~i miss seeing sams pretty face~ Samantha bby why arent you in a better book? ^ save a slice for us   /j idk what this means lol. to me, it's kind of like astrology - maybe some things are accurate but it seems more pseudoscientific than based in reality and should be taken with a grain of salt, obvs my hs used a system for college and career advisement that had a bunch of similar personality tests :shifty: every personality test is a call-out /s   taking one now bleh *hrrguhughggn* early wake up... no... 5 more minutes, parents.  oh nice! :dawg: :dawg: :dawg: Looks nice, I guess. Haven't gotten the update yet, but I did get one a month or so ago with an "Interests" tab that basically showed the weather. Hopefully they'll do something about the keyboard language switcher being placed in such an awkward position on the taskbar. Right, of course. I misread - sorry! It does sound nice though. or else it gets the hose again...! hallo! :pusheenheart: ^^ just use a shower mat hmm. my dad and i share a shower stall (i use it at night and he uses it in daytime) but i never really cared nope. . . . how do you wash your feet you could wear slippers, though, right? in communal showers, thats what Id do. ah, then my ardently Asian parents have prepared me well for college life! i'm boops :forg: AGGDHJJSYWYW I LOVE IT sweet but no brain gang      mornin Bezos is a jerk so no. Gates is... uh, which one? (joking, I would not. A billionaire is a billionaire is unethical no matter how down-to-earth they may seem). hmm, nope. but know i'm curious searched it up. Belle Delphine? .ud e-girl I am confused. Initially I thought e-girl/e-boy were just aesthetics. Thought the "e" was something related to cyber/sci-fi/digital something. Like a social media influencer? oh dear. understand now. thanks for the definition! So, to recap, e-girl/e-boy are aesthetics that ||fetishize|| and appropriate East Asian cultures, therefore harming the cultures themselves. ... wow. I appreciate that it isnt some fetishized or overtly disrespectful version of a qipao that shes wearing. The prayer hands in posing for the photo are a bit much, but the dress, I would say, isnt too much of an issue inherently. iirc this started the my culture isnt your goddamn prom dress thing on Twitter and thats gotten tons of ridicule so obvs people have very disparate opinions. Understood. Thank you! Sorry about that - Ill just do an Internet search next time. goob mording tim my beloved! :forgheart: forgue put on a layer of lip gloss for an experiment (to see if it's accurate for a reference in my book) and it's making my lips feel cold and sticky also i don't even have the right type so hopefully i can steal some from my mom when she wakes up /j idk i never wear makeup 20 minutes in and somehow my lips are still sticky and cold im beginning to think i did something wrong update: i smushed my mouth against my arm really hard and i think it smudged (feels sticky) but none of the pigment came off. still, i have a light complexion and the character i'm writing has a dark skin tone so it's probably different... if i were to use the correct type of cosmetic product :hawyee: That could be it! The shade was pretty light - matched well to my natural lip color so I wasnt seeing too much of a difference from before I put it on to after (but it did make em sparkle, which was cute). Thank you for your insight. lol i'm learning Chinese rn (got a class in 2hrs) and i'm the worst out of all my classmates and they all have jobs... eating an icecream bar while its the second day on my period. i exist to spite god. true. * climbs atop a hill, clad in popsicle-stick armor * fight me, god. /s :mmNo: good luck! we believe in you! goov edening ooh! took this for my video game design course at university. iirc i got "Gardener" or something like that morning good morning, fellow... suspicious fools.  :ConfusedCat: :forgheart: :e_minor: microsoft emojis my beloved  sup fellow cryptids  i will only respond now to the appellation of other person. other, cryptic, infinitely unknowable entity, perhaps. /j /nm and im good, thanks! how are you? ikr its too hot the only one allowed to be hot here is me :e_minor: /j  cant wait until i move to ROC. then i shall sweat and suffer in the blazing heat all year round :elmofire: crying, studying, writing, crying while studying and/or writing. the usual. oh dang sounds like you got a lot done! congrats!! good morning! cutest devil in existence /p  Sometimes I think Chinese immigrant families don't show affection in an overt manner often enough... then I remember that my mom just used a Mandarin term of endearment to refer to a watermelon.  Wow, that's awesome! No small feat. I'm proud of you! Amyuch... I politely request that you please do not joke about that and mark the offending term, ||self harm|| as a spoiler. found a super controversial study about the evolution of lesbian sexual orientation! there's news articles criticizing it that you can find in lots of news outlets. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/317003751_The_evolution_of_female_same-sex_attraction_The_male_choice_hypothesis
here's one such article critiquing the study: https://www.inverse.com/article/32167-lesbian-biology-male-choice-science-genetics too cute to eat! Congrats!! No small feat, Im sure. Im so proud of you.  keep the forg content coming. such a blessing. :forgheart: got a passport for the ROC today!! my mom says that, in the photo, i look like someone owes me $10 million. bold of her to assume there's no one who does... :shifty:  /j LOL :LMFAOdead: anyways, going there next Wednesday! hoping to take tons of photos same i thought u had rhinestone crystals on them Ooh, if youre ok with non-English movies, Id recommend the French film * la folie, pas du tout.* Definitely spooked me when I watched it in 3rd year French. A woman who is obsessed with her married neighbor believes hes sending her amorous messages and that he will leave his wife for her. When he doesnt she spirals into a depression. The film switches perspectives halfway through and reveals something about their relationship. Ah, how about *I Am Legend*? That film spooked me and made me cry watching it for 9th grade Lit. YES. Watched it for Physio. Not a fan of the message but Will Smith was awesome *My Sisters Keeper* yea, the part where the sister flips through the scrapbook she received is what did it for me.  LOL this is me with my Psych research proposal am i going to regret looking this up the first image was so innocent... and everything after that was so... ew... good decision eh... don't google. still trying to get the image out of my head. it's nsfw. I swear to the heavens if the mental image of... eugh... makes me fail my midterm tomorrow. /s /nm My curiosity should never have been born. me being awake at 8am because a phone ringing incessantly woke me up: :ConfusedCat: Howdy in a hotel in Taipei rn and I'm so disorientated. what are my summer classes. when are they. why are they. oh my dog one class starts at midnight and another I have at... *ugh* six-ish in the morning. another at 4 am. *cries* Oh,  no its not 4am Taiwan time but 1pm in the Western U.S. So Id have to get up at 4am to go to a class thats at a much more reasonable time for the professor and other students in the U.S. ahh! hopefully its all asychronous online but itll still kinda suck either missing the meetings or messing up my sleep schedule mornin i feel like everyone needs to see the safety video that was shown on my plane ride. a gem. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHE-UxlO5Aw evenin weird question but is the "Welcome to [server name]... This is your brand new, shiny server." message going to never disappear from the welcome channel for whoever created the server? Mornin