omg hana my love i go for both yea tru Thing 1 and Thing 2 i will go back in time to personally stop them from doing that we finally got a crumb
hopefully more after hiatus i prefer noah out of the boys but im aiming for ava oh ik who lmao yeah they also ranted to me about how ava needs to apologize and that noah is worse than mason sjskdjsjd ^ ohh can i get one too :dogeheart: with her party outfit yeah yeah same here im freeeezing oversized hoodies and sweaters :uwuhappy: my youtube loves recommending me stuff like top ten scary videos you wont believe are real at the peak hour of 2am lmao thats smart unfortunately i am a very curious person yess lol i updated and dont really notice anything that different, unless you spend time messing with with new home screen settings yeah lol thats fair i cry i do id just rather be able to have it on my phone instead of my pc i cant even imagine trying to hold an iphone 11 im 51 theres a step stool in our kitchen purely for me lol gn :dogeheart: sleep well a bad thing rip yea looks gooood and the name 10/10 server now and a political book but thats GOC pris a time traveler :o :MenheraSalute3: yes maam bruh theyre already in production while books with promised sequels years ago are still in the void thats fair i dated my namesake lmaoo mc's dad in ms match is named drew :flushed: oop gn sleep well gross not to mention her obsessive behavior towards a real life person *i don't even know why i made this edit hehe anyways ines with zaid is better than her being gay lol but i respect whatever haha xo* right? if anything wouldn't they be interviewing PB themselves lol a lot of companies/people make merch unavailable after a time, probably to make ppl buy it. like- oh its going away! and it'll never be available again! buy now!! exclusive!! its a diamond hair yeah gj mara it was honestly really dumb of her to apply lmao like,, you literally erased a characters sexuality for your own fantasies and are leaking spoilers publicly girl use that brain cell of yours smh ugh i mean she literally signed up to be a writer at pb while leaking spoilers so not rlly the brightest bulb same it was a joke that didn't give any context to the actual book so idk why its considered a spoiler..? ayo bruhh they're so sensitive now to ANY criticism, even when its not criticism ME :CB_kermit_lmao: omgso excited whers the open heart channel? yall can we go back to pet vibes :Shy_Duck: wait yeah the bot rp channel is missing lol april fools leftover ig same meow yiz celebrate the finale of FA with merch of a completely different book bitch what im so done with pb man wait was that all the merch was?? just the pins? wow im all out of sighs the air has officially left my body imagine messing up a book that bad and not even trying to fix it with a sequel smh smh THEY DELETED THE WB MERCH TWEET LMAOOOOO the replies on their FA post are sending me sdkskdj pb why u advertising WB pins on an FA post when these exist pb why u advertising WB pins on an FA post when these exist pb why u advertising WB pins on an FA post when these exist didn't it say wolf bride merch i c i c OOP THERE IT IS LMAO $17 for a pin man wack || skdfjsdkf dREW issa spoiler noooooo android gets updates later than ios enjoy ur icon while it lasts :e_minor: :TDK_HaroldUwU: android's too theyre going all in with TNA yeah :/ its been really dry bruh who writes this shit lmao one of their stories is "My K-pop Vampire Lover" :hy_what: i am seeing a lot of gay tho which is nice ok one of their loading screen quotes is "A flower cannot bloom without sunshine. A woman cannot live without love."  ? i c yeah i liked james until he got mad at me over ||vasquez|| zig #1 yes lame nah i dont agree
ppl on the sub still hate on justin and drake etc its not *just* female LIs i  mean obviously every character is gonna have defenders its just unfair to generalize imo room temp its very painful yeahhh i tried doing the whole aesthetic icons thing when it first came out but ugh too much work mood lu u and me great minds KSJFHSJK no thers still 8k i cant even deal with having 2 unread emails dkjsk mine are mostly just like insiders shit from random things i sign up for like ea or riot games i get notifs for everything oh majic i dont have an outlook smdshd i figured oop and i love that lu the active part sdkjgsd :heh: bye :pocky_3c_keeto_wave: love u take care disappoint ive already given up on LOA soon enough ill be deleting the app hhh eh for me it instantly sucked because of gabe then just progressively got worse yike or at least put the smut in appropriate books (TNA for example) like a law book should NOT have office hookups ??? just outta nowhere pb doesnt care about realism or logic they just want their hot boss romance owo theyre using the pronouns for their big books as a marketing ploy basically like CoP will have them but not LOA or Zombies (as far as we know) they used to be self-roles but ig not anymore you can have as many as you want iirc if you have mental health issues (i.e anxiety) you can get a doctor to write a note stating you're not fit to do it thats how i got out of it at least it used to be put it in the newspaper but idk if that works anymore :ASpikaThink: uhhh im honestly not sure skdjdkf idk what the young people use but why https://tenor.com/view/what-the-wtf-was-that-what-the-fae-was-that-gif-18748421 :TDK_WhoAskedOwO: ok but fr tho no offense but like- if you could not boast about having private vcs or convos etc. that no one else can join in public channels thatd be nice,,

just comes off as kinda clique-y or exclusive and stuff especially in channels like announcements which is supposed to be for important things https://tenor.com/view/taking-notes-nerdy-remembering-studying-reading-gif-14154650 :MenheraHappy: @DaHomieDrew thoughts? :KomaSataniaEvil: soft boys the first one looks like my brother oh @Arzaylea look at ur creation "dw i have the pass" > a sexy companion
:CH_Dead: why. i keep reading it as walk the dead lmao takin ur pet zombie on a nice evening stroll :peepoWheelchairRocket: yikes :gasp: :nyaWink: my fbi agent lives in a constant state of concern :ricardoFBI: :TDK_WtfUwU: truly parental guidance thats u i dont see the problem? theyre letting her get good publicity or whatever the word is she legally might not be able to art have fun :Periodt: i got pfizer and the worst i had was a sore arm and some tiredness the day after shes filipino and likes MLF (the idol) who is c-pop could someone send me an invite link for the lgbt choices server pls ty ty end the year with a bang :ExKaguyaShrug: and happy international non-binary day! :AA_Yay: true my brother made me mac and cheese for lunch drew thats itunes not apple music ig it depends what you want to get for music. my experience with apple music was good, it had all the songs i wanted (some that even spotify didnt have), tho that was a while ago. now i have spotify premium, since they updated their directory, and it works well. theyre both good, but the defining feature that put spotify over for me was the community-made playlists. apple music, when i used it, didnt have those. and its nice when im in a certain vibe to be able to search that into spotify and get multiple playlists that fit. theyre both $9.99/month i c then tbh apple is probably the better deal i didnt have any problems with apple music when i used it, and apple tv+ has some cool things on it i always learned to separate the art from the artist :CB_shrug: and i use the modded version so its not giving them anything sept 22 WEEDLE weedle is baby garlic bread slaps the aces are here to steal ur garlic bread mara :righthand: anywhere without DST is superior btw reading this has put the single verse of errrbody in the club gettin tipsy~ in my head and it wont stop playing so thank you lu got a fatty dumpy humpty dumpty had a great fall and cushioned on her ass type beat if yall really think im gonna travel cross country just to get arrested then youre absolutely right ill twerk in my cell with lu if lu finds irl ethan ramsey she gonna need a bigger bus hm idk ive never seen an ethan lookalike, only tobias o IM SORRY WHO TF IS SEARCHING FOR DAVID GANDY **BAREFOOT** nah i dont mind lol isnt that what a book is truly https://tenor.com/view/i-dont-need-friends-they-disappoint-me-gif-22337594 stay safe yourself lu :CS_Heart: thank you for all that you do, love you very much im an elf :o my dream has been achieved well now i never wanna grow up https://tenor.com/view/you-got-the-power-you-got-it-power-you-have-the-power-pointing-gif-15186354 im on that legolas type beat is there any sort of mod mail for this server or do i just dm an admin aight lu i use garnier fructis is that okay :tlShibaFlower: the only sports i was into was when i had a basketball phase a few years ago and even then the only team i watched was the trailblazers lmao it was only bc one of my fav youtubers did an NBA2K playthrough and that was his fav team so its the only one i knew the members of smdhdkdj im always kind. :nyansmilebig: LOL lu i thought u were just saying she wasnt a bitch while also proving yourself to be a bitch a bad bitch we been knew we missed you babe your energy simply cannot be matched theres also the BITCH to call your friends ok mood also whats ggc ah oh i was just so ready to just be like oh ok gotcha :omgsobs: i havent but ive heard about it ooh goals 1. viv
2. lu
3. also lu omg thats her name. i knew there was some actress i knew from that show but my ass searched BETSY ROSS AND LET ME TELL YOU HOW CONFUSED I WAS WHEN THE FLAG MAKING BITCH SHOWED UP I WAS LIKE BTY SOMETHING i cant believe betty white made the american flag what an icon ANDRA DO THE DESIRE EMOTE thank u i love u andras desire burns in her loins ya he eatin good cuz he eatin u :ahaha: :AiriFingerGuns: us ill be the grass you step on can i be the guy with the mustache who is just constantly done with everyones shit https://tenor.com/view/did-i-stutter-was-i-clear-not-clear-confident-assured-gif-15661924 honestly kinda lu vibes u right u right im her cat she throws into the ceiling to save from the fire drill you can just have to go to members list and its there at the top i remember when the choices app first updated the ui and everyone freaked out lol is the twitter updates broken weird its stopped working here and in PCF since friday :CS_hmm: i wonder if theyre gonna actually include the negative side in that pile i guess id honestly be fine with the new system if they started it next year. bc yeah we still have to wait for the wide releases, but id rather wait a few months than half a year. and they need to make vip worth the price. its just the fact that they did this with already revealed and established books with set release dates that everyone was looking forward to. i dont trust them much anymore but i sincerely hope they actually listen to both sides of the feedback and change something for the better. exactly probably to test the waters to see if they can make it a long term thing yeah head empty, no thoughts, just garlic bread :3sRoPeek: did she make it yet maybe she passed out during the process night nah get some rest, well keep the server nice and tidy :villagerstareinnocent: i love it good choice pri :AA_Squirrel_Clap: cold gaius is just so deep and loved in your heart that you dont have to make the effort to remember him i still get nightmares about ur gaius tree fic charlie was such a babe metta and i have such similar taste in women. we love to see it :SCAAA: PRI its common. you alternate the pronouns np! awww they think we shine like a ruby :awww: so for TNA which has 3 diff editors, but 1 is not okay with spoilers, what are the rules there? ah ok that makes more sense lol no worries simon was supposed to be an option; he can ||give his heart to markus, just like north|| and there was some left out dialogue in the code/files that hint towards a romance between the two. it was gona be an option between simon and north but for some reason they scrapped it :( bryan is a lucky man i would die for that one polar bear in zlatko's house beautiful baby thank youuu i love yours as well https://tenor.com/view/big-bird-angry-door-fall-gif-11404358 i heard hamilton yesss AYO IM JUST LIKE MY COUNTRY :vibin: hey yeah its not included for classic yum im loving this energy lmaooooooo nah we lactose intolerant people just take it as it comes
pills are for NERDS exactly :AA_Rumia_Dance3: i will down several blocks of cheese and no one can stop me same im also partially deaf in my right ear it is what it is same!! what- z is just a cooler s and collects people's chewed up gum i knew him from the apprentice bad things can we not get into it again tho anyways lu if u ever want to stream a book i will 100% be there whats a wcp o i could never a new VN app, i think by the ppl who made storyscape someone else said it was, i never checked myself okay so i did some digging; unwritten isn't by the storyscape writers but it is by storyscape fans, who hope to make it even better than https://youtu.be/NDvaRF4HQHQ watch this i beg just note that unlimited keys isn't actually possible but the diamond part still works so yahoo oop it just came out a few days ago so im not sure if there are any yet when i search i just get results for 'book of unwritten tales' sdkjsjkdjks hmm from what im hearing the game is very buggy atm, so maybe the mod page is just there as a placeholder? for when it's stable enough to make? aye  ooo my kindness meter is 100 and my controversial chart is empty :ChocolaHehe: nice now i wanna see lus stats skdhddhj :3sItsukiYay: carlos bb yuh going on the train to busan  hope i find my true love  yeah discord broke for a bit its both dont think so i mith him starboard took throwback thursday a bit too seriously its an app in itself yknow not just for snapchat you can even have a bitmoji keyboard, its pretty cool yes !!!! WHERE omg i love them seiko is baby its from corpse party, a game series and later anime miniseries. very good, very gory. wink wink ok but same him: run, rabbit, run
me: yessir!!! :MenheraChibiRun: :AG_2BInLove: :roseagree: i mean not exactly false dgdkyskgd ye its wild lmaoo yes maam iirc someone said the words either too many times or not enough LOL yup oh right well i was kinda correct skdhkdhd i dont think so. im pretty sure you can find it on youtube tho lol or other ~~illegal~~ streaming sites yeah yea LMAO if u want no background :argh: :argh: post-waifu :argh: is this better de nada now we wait for the switcheroo whats carl's command no like damn give me mod for like 1 second skdsjdjksd cuz then i can just $steal :argh: i just need it to do this lol it'll take the emote from my server and add it here transparent background and all i swear i wont snoop!! i am good noodle i need perms to use carl
so i can get the emote $steal :argh: whats the carl prefix !steal :argh: hhhhhhhhh :SCraccoonAAA: the command is supposed to work like so :SCthumbsup: yay np! :CB_pika_think: o remove the : no no use lowercase c u almost got it i- see i think u need admin perms or wait metta try an emote from a server that has carl in it thats how steal works; carl has to be in both servers for it to go thru yea im p sure admin perms are needed too since its not popping for metta but hey at least we know how to do it now loll ooh lowercase c yeah so admin is needed then oh we were just testing lol so yeah for steal you need
- admin perms
- nitro
- carl in both servers :mollytposegif: nice oh no :pocky_ea_run: every time suju is mentioned sorry sorry just plays in my head :jamming: it worked for voltra
she just didnt have nitro so it didnt fully go through
so then yeah admins and founders go crazy go stupid pb writers editing CoP as we speak 100% she was listing what race/gender she chose for the customizable LIs he was very squished man i always thought that song was about actual milkshakes and let me tell you i was disappointed IS IT NOT ABOUT DOGS??????? wh- but in just dance you dance as a dog and he barks adn its like ahahahha who let the dogs out!! dancing and groovin WHAHT HATQ :KRSanaMath: o h i googled it skjdfsd why they let us sing that in elementary school it was not WHAT DO YOU MEAN  ^ kids get monthly money? damn cool yes omg santa clause yes thats my fam's movie so are all the publicly released books gonna be moved to ongoing/forgotten? or will they stay in vip cuz thats what they were originally? so HC, WEH get moved to finished, and AVSP, TUH, WB, SW get moved to ongoing? i remember that, but yesterday mara asked again and it seemed like most people wanted it the opposite unless she meant only the early access books would move :heh: ay it works :anime_dab: ? she talks about any book thats currently running lol she's excited for WTD too yeah i dont think she'd care unless pb shut her down themselves which they likely won't HAPPY ACE WEEK :aceHeartShine: :AG_Yikes: how are ya lu
look into my eyes and you tell me. combs i just combed in the morning and then again at night to keep it from getting tangled in the first place tho itll prob differ depending on hair texture and thickness wait now im curious too :thislittle: he reminds me of cyr lol close enough trueeeeee my 31 writing WIPs:  i just picked based on looks  saw that coming mara just hoarding all her evil men in her basement same lol im surprised there wasnt any mha damn im allergic to myself goro takemura supremacy youre you no lol a man who is wife-like (submissive) usually with a girlboss gf yum bear grylls would be proud HOW DO YALL NOT KNOW BEAR omfg hes a legend he does a bunch of survival tips n shit and one of the most famous is to drink ur own urine HE S OLD BRO thats what im sayin man nah i watched his stuff if you have no other source of water yeah alcohol  i repeat alcohol yes :roseagree: so?? aint no cops in here sega genesis he was cute wym daddy this is PG exactly scar from lion king actor  character does anyone remember the electric company omg was literally my favorite show it was a remake yes i rewatched it all recently and it still holds up abyss aka megamind simp nah i simped for blue theres always someone for anything emo boye ya androgynous legend fr :SansFingerGunBrows: mind controlled or smth that tells me nothing lokis is alternate timeline so close enough to AU freaky friday princess bride :tlmxExcuseMe: nev-rack-is its the only way to pronounce it bruh lmao there was a survey? metta whats your question ah true true so they can make ||olivia x amalas|| canon but couldnt make aurora a love interest?  yes i am still bitter WHAT QUESTION ooh leaving it open  bartie turned yours off metta :nyanleave: make it like ame3 where i can run away with someone else *cough AURORA* and ill allow it. emote. you add the best ones barties behind camera holding a gun to their heads classified information drew.. babu trr crossover choices infinity war hey MC! come beat my awesome pokmon! im gonna be as great as my brother one day!
*throws a wooloo* wasnt bel gonna make that one poppy emote a while back in the suggestions channel he mustve went to get milk cuz i aint seen him lookin for that top tier lactose free milk :awww: crying :pocky_teal_gotosleep: make ur whole profile carter danny oppa hotel: trivago truly chris do be lookin cute tho right him and ivy tbh aislinn top three phrases that strike fear into my soul https://tenor.com/view/alyssa-edwards-drag-queen-rupaulsdragrace-wtf-what-the-fuck-gif-5610970 i played one of the games but cant remember the name or any of the cases and im pretty sure i didnt even finish it wait first one as in the one from the twitter post or the one in the search results? @FraternalGemini same living off of soup and pudding was not fun lmao frrr i got sooo sick of it oml KSJADSDKA just splurting it in there and hoping it works lmao 1 shouldnt be too bad tho yeah hell nah i was like yes sir gimme that anesthesia  truly its like waking up from a long nap and wondering how many days passed where am i?? what year is it??! first time i was knocked out was for a colonoscopy a long time ago and not to sound weird but its kinda fun to just be put to sleep like that sjdfjksd ugh yeah yes that was when i found out i was lactose intolerant lmao oH thats what it was oops IT WAS SOMETHING -SCOPY JKSDFHJKSDJF 'N O oh man i cant even imagine i was like "yeah not eating was pretty bad but idk abt hell" sdjkfskdlf im cryign :SCAAA: im getting mine tonight and then we're getting japanese takeout idk skdjlfsk im going with my whole fam i got pfizer both shots nicee we've never had japanese before but we have a $100 gift card for this restaurant so sheeesh we gonna try it :peepofat: ooo goddamn catch lu skiing down the freeway same here "a pleasure to have in class" all of these kids are mentally ill now lmaoo i saw it and just went :pocky_efina_nod: whats 2nd base like baseball?? @Arzaylea help me oh is there a diagram me and pri: *confused ace noises* "use this comment as a dislike button" :KRYuiNotLikeThis: thats where the himbos live yall found paradise i just recommend making it winter themed more than holiday themed cuz not everyone celebrates the same ones orange carrot cake is cute it does to me i eat that a lot in december orange could be fireplace or candle :AA_Kanna_Fire: winter themed yes we can try just dont want to spam the suggestions channel their pronouns are they/them just btw no worries!  also yeah i agree. sometimes i read abt shit they say and i just why are they christmas i thought the whole point was to not do that hskshd we wanted to make it more winter themed rather than christmas cuz not everyone celebrates if you could :JooE_heart: oof logan logan same mhm mhm the james stan to logan simp pipeline amazing logan supremacy hes spider-man yeah for some reason a lot of stuff is down today oh damn a lot out on the east coast too couldnt do anything all morning lol poor bboi uh thats a reply to someone calling ethan walmart christian grey honestly Lu-natreec aurora frrr they were literally set up perfectly and i would do the same genders vs each other so that there isnt a bias
like if you have girl vs guy someone only attracted to one might only choose the one
if that makes sense? i think itd be better to do the wish they were LI now and then see how the reception is to do the others in the future :bugs_no: :CT_YesMaam: ive watched audience reaction videos on youtube for all the marvel movies and man shit goes crazy captain america:
audience: WAAAGAAAAWOOOOAHAHAomghessohotWOAAHSHSHAAA same all the harry potter movies are on hbo max and all the star wars movies are on disney+ sitting down to actually watch them is a whole different story tho lmao id be down when it comes out for free on d+ i will :kek: i just miss the popcorn it really just hits different my friend and i once ate a whole bucket of popcorn before the previews even ended  applebees has popcorn yea one goth gf and one cinnamon roll gf https://tenor.com/view/thanos-balanced-all-things-should-be-gif-18386496 wild yea be sure to only click once or else it removes ur vote completely oh cool no one else said gigi :b_pocky_sob_DONTSTEAL: mmm idk they werent pinged for the survey save it as emote how bout now :AA_ThumbsUp: sldskd i forgot this was my nickname tbh cant think of any puns with poly or fae tho so thus i am confusion got it zig themed :danceowo: lolll are they writing in braille or smth ooo no/?? no one texts me lmfao just discord :2DpikaWhoa: thats cool gonna start asking whats for dinner with a spotlight :kek: LOLL i think it does :AScliffsadge: :02_blobyes_: woo :CB_ownerabooz: we could've had a dilf? yes smh i dont like chocolate or ice cream i like anything potato :tlxSameTbh: off with their head i remember those on insta no one was really honest tho lbr lmao where tna supremacy the night after last summer? mine was like half and half but my improvements for the server section is 100% genuine sure why do they have to die tho reasons uh huh like 20 or smth ill throw the flowers gray looks so ugly damn drew has a foot fetish stab in the eye ace does not equal aro and even aro ppl can marry ace - no sexual attraction
aro - no romantic attraction
but theres things called QPR, queer platonic relationships, which is basically when aro ppl date/marry a close friend in a sort of partnership. like a relationship without the romance basically :3sRaphiThumbsUp: ya idk if i want to get married
i like being independent and having my own space but at the same time by god i am so incompetent when it comes to being an adult free gifts my wedding would literally just be a pizza pajama party where we watch movies and play games. been planning that since the 6th grade lmaoo *fist bump https://tenor.com/view/birthday-minute-kiss-everybodylovesraymond-mom-kisses-grandma-kiss-gif-12972738 feel better lu :heartPanda: nu fall asleep with discord open kjfdsjkdj honestly thats a thing yea some ppl find it comforting to fall asleep with someone on the phone with them  special  ? chaotic evil being too lazy to actually remove the song so you just skip it whenever it comes up :poppydealwithit: your emotes are legendary john quiones your definition of hot concerns me it varies state to state doc mcstuffins all the way its a war show so a lot of scenes have the med bay but nah i wouldnt call it a medical show i didnt understand any of that there are universal ones money if you asked lu you'd have the best taste in men dream smp, minecraft group do vlogs "hey guys nurse lu here again! today we have a dying girl, there you can see her in the background" bodycam vlogs pov: your patient spilled coffee on your hand for no reason :men: she hasnt watched harry potter lmao huh no july 32nd pregante yes rashon never you give off wife material vibes open marriage night aye make it happen i think just 'milf' is good adds mystery and intrigue about $12k per year rollercoasters rock third times the charm lmao metta probably an a :BOOBA: vouch with a ladder lu did u watch haunting of hill house yet yes there is a tall very tall man :02_oknoted: imagine not liking lu did anyone else have an intermediate school elementary, intermediate, middle, high public lol elementary; k-2
intermediate; 3-5
middle; 6-8
high; 9-12 imagine following the law :ASkek: https://tenor.com/view/theoffice-why-are-you-the-way-that-you-are-gif-5927629 bro i cant even do that tf w ha t what height energy do i give off :idktbhprollyanod: moana bb i dont even know what that is wh whats on top of it yeehaw im a whore for buzzfeed quizzes idk what any of this is so imma just go by looks ew i got summer sebastian stan :peach: you could make the bg like a dining table or kitchen counter or smth bc pie oooh agreed uhhhh idk lmao nah i have it just been hard to get interested in stuff lately  the beauty of antidepressants  same why wouldn't you people spent thousands of dollars for bath water and fart jars, never underestimate i mean words evolve over time it doesnt mean stalker every time its used pie only https://tenor.com/view/kronk-point-debate-argument-angel-gif-17274775 nah mara u know what u should do make ur channel a harry potter channel round up the fans make a hp role like book squad sure why an icon 8 days :nyansmilebig: got the age right at least so it doesnt cover anyone well thats more aesthetically pleasing good job ^^^ :peeporiot: bring back metta remembers stuff :peeporiot: hope so was my fav how dare they not break their backs to keep writing my favorite book  THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE LEFT PHALANGE um no lu should get a smut queen role honestly or really just any queen role yes but if drew is gonna have 342903489023 personal roles i think its fair for lu to have one too supposedly nooo don't leave ur so sexy couple goals so sweet aww looks like drakes rubbing off on you no means yes wow we love besties more like carter is being charged for frauding as metta its like a maroon :TE_Shrug: thats only on android just wanna do a quick psa cuz i keep seeing ppl talk about it; valentines day is about love and love comes in many forms. romantic, platonic, familial, self, etc. its not just about couples and romance.
send your friend a sweet message, give your pet some extra pampering, have a spa day for yourself.. theres a lot of ways to love in life. so just enjoy the day and take care of yourselves  they shouldnt be having to apologize honestly yeah like i really dont understand these people. surrender is still running. cop wont even go on break until two weeks, in which wtd will be back and untameable will be releasing. all for vip. and if its really that big a deal just cancel your subscription until april :ch_shrugs: stop acting like pb writers are robots lmao oh like all the people hounding them about bolas2? like the concept of hating genderlocked books purely because theyre genderlocked newsflash; every book is fucking genderlocked for non-binary people. get the fuck over it. - we want villain LIs but we dont like it when theyre mean COUGH COUGH POPPY QUEEN bitches he like ugh MORE steamy books?? and then talk about their dirty thirties with mal. no sir the way yall completely missed the point crazy west side story? i have no idea what any of this conversation means i can hear lu's disappointment from here truly an uber from MA to CT her life not her va right idek who that is right who? right im still looking for my memory lost it 10 years ago surpressing the urge to ask who for the third fucking time honestly at this point just transplant the choices wiki into my brain ew the fuck i hate him https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/niry3f/kenna_rys_fan_art_i_love_these_series_there_are/ looks cute to me idk shock absorbent gloves no hmm i like both but i feel like fries go with more food so i'll say fries mara pls potato wym theyre bomb ah yes hell yea ooh yess theres this pizza place in my town that has the best sweet potato fries and a perfect dipping sauce tho i keep forgetting what the name of it is lol non its white nah nah blue cheese i think yea i looked it up and it looks like it is this its so good sometimes i just go there to order the fries and leave lmao nah i dont think ive ever even had a milkshake random OC literally just means original character smh if the activeness is the problem why are u demoting two of the most active members when half of the admin team is never on theyre both blue thats the only resemblance lmao its like saying tyril looks like the people in avatar she wants to clone you because you're just that great obviously the yassification of north carolina they have 4 QB OCs and multiple others for multiple books. they're having fun and its not hurting anyone so like.. who cares instructions unclear, dick stuck in fire not for long he wont :roseknife: anyways one good thing about valentines day is all the sales plushies and chocolates here i come https://tenor.com/view/f-bi-raid-swat-gif-11500735 oh no that looks fire https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-squarepants-patrick-star-vacuum-eat-hungry-gif-4515192 me @ those muffins its cuz she's uk time so she has tomorrow's tired he do be a twink tho eh hes alright is that their last name? or first yeah one of my fav streamers has had an ongoing joke of two first names, cant trust em for years in every game he plays and its great lmao character: is named lucas ryan
streamer: ok so hes a shady fuck ray narvaez jr hes a chill dude he used to be in a show named x ray and vav so maybe lol his old username was brownman huh ive only done that twice and it was over a month ago so i dont understand where that comment came from or what the point of it was DST sucks ass give me my hour back BRO THIS WORDLE ISTG Wordle 270 6/6






 :SCAAA: yeah Wordle 271 4/6




 i got lucky with the placements for once lol tho tbh i forgot it was even a word at first sdfjskl Wordle 272 3/6



 almost got it in two! :cute_duckiewave: doing good! today was chill been playing thru ACOR hbu? oohh hope you've been enjoying it i'm excited for that new gen coming soon love seeing all the pokemon lol yeah late 2022 lmao especially with the underground omg yes the demo was so fun very i grew up with kirby air ride and let me tell you my most played gamecube game kirby epic yarn and kirby star allies are also really good :AG_KirbyDancing: sorta related but i highly recommend yoshi's woolly world & crafted world as well top tier shit DID YOU EVER PLAY THE PAPER MARIOS :why: mettaaaaaaaaaaaa im boutta send you all these games in the mail lmao super mario sunshine? ayyy same omg the galaxy games i remember my brother playing them and i was just the lil cursor on the screen collecting star bits sdkslkdjls o i think i have that one mario party slaps i'll allow it :wendayy: + tennis and baseball my brother and i were just nintendo bitches lmaooo yo welcome to the server how long were you gone well SR is getting a sequel and um.. i mean thats kinda it lol not much happened oh mim btw if you want any roles, like pronouns or extra channels, read #role-booth and then head over to #discord-suggestions-and-requests and you can get them assigned! :NicoNicoNii: sure https://tenor.com/view/anime-girl-gif-24979867 LOA says hi Wordle 279 2/6




pog it just started hailing wtf please dont hide all the channels again :SCGwhy: ok good in that case go crazy go stupid you have bad bitch disease um doesnt tatsu control the member levels tbh the NFT stuff is so rampant now that like, sooo many discord bots are gonna be associated in some type of way i get that theyre bad but imo its better to just ignore it like having the bot just do simple commands in a server isnt gonna directly support the NFT market yikes dude reminds me of all the people destroying their disney merch after they said theyd start using gender neutral language at the parks
like oh yeah man, ruining the stuff you already paid for is *totally* gonna teach that big company a lesson sure but having a free bot in a server isnt contributing to that if it was a bot you paid for thatd be a different story do you have a preference on which name we use? aighty your color role still says voltra btw in case you wanna change it :ThumbsUp: always piplup yes frat join us what currency is that oh for 2 dollars yea go for it phone, computer, headboard, fridge, counter, chair, mirror, cheek uwu everywhere on your little sibling's face while they're sleeping my brother did that once and then another time with markers  happy ace day  an upgrade only all the time and then u poke them i love jim carrey tails was always my go to in the old adventure games bby boy mara go back to sleep :yDontCare: lesbian if its only that 15 no fan project oh shit i got an invite last week but it went into spam  after you create an account it says to help keep the beta secret by not talking about it on social media idk how strict that is but dunno it said like twitter or reddit :CB_shrug: it would probably be fine if its kept inside the server like how we do with spoilers maybe a channel in the exclusive zone category? so ppl can opt in or creative land ok? i was just letting voltra know 2 https://tenor.com/view/alyssa-edwards-drag-queen-rupaulsdragrace-wtf-what-the-fuck-gif-5610970 extra protein get metta a chiropractor for how much his back hurts from carrying the server all these years LETS FUCKING GOOOOO ok new layout time yahoo the confetti is so cute olivia would want you to get a good nights rest, pri so you can be nice and awake to destroy your enemies :nyasGoodnight2: ye this was sent to the wrong place oops classic https://tenor.com/view/rusev-ouch-pain-my-back-hurts-wwe-gif-9996864 the only thing that'll be snapping is his spine a guy wearing nail polish doesnt mean gay :CT_Exclamations: thxx in the server, at least three :beespin: spirits, a founder theyre not as active anymore but they pop in occasionally Skyea502 oh no, now you all know my name and birthday
something that was
already known information oh yeah cuz im totally gonna give out my credit card info on a sketchy site  i hope there was a vent in the school somewhere that they stood near all day A4& Sweoha admin metta when? Mymom because it was becoming spam allergies be kicking my ass :ASYamiPain: :KRMewWave: awoo 7 not including allergies A6 only ice cream truck doesnt visit my road anymore :CB_cryingcat: its really fun imo gets wild who girl not woody harrelson  to yvette big facts lord jack nugget of amazon theres a new ui? me when i get invited to go anywhere TNA sam yeah she slays 6 cups desktop youtube updated their UI and its SO UGLY everythings in a bubble i hate it static? mobile or desktop? oh weird, i havent gotten a discord update on mobile yet it might be a beta thing 67F here :b_pocky_dz_comfy_DONTSTEAL: MILQUE WELCOME BACK QUEEN happy birthday metta!!! :CandidCarter: its desktop only bastien :manofculture: i cant even get 16  stupid apple making their older products not work :squinTIFF: tho!! i might get an iphone 14??? cuz verizons having a hefty trade in deal  milque i like your new pfp btw YES omg my boyfie i am baby hehe :BC_nod: my favorite thing to do aesthetics are v important to me drews like
server cousin idk why he just gives cousin vibes auncle im da cat woof probably staying up til 4am again because bad life decisions :sadcatdance: i can never trust my frequently used because i use an emoji ONCE and my phone is like oh you use it everyday huh??? god forbid i post a wordle now my frequently used is just squares  LIKE WHAT ARE THESE WHEN HAVE I EVER USED AN EGGPLANT I-??? oh we all know death and bunnies, new metal band coming to you soon happy bday ahmed she has role perms ye its his lil bob tail our hearts were ringin i heavily misread this oohh? anything good yet? bot messages cant get put onto starboard britneys face with jocelyn-style hair ellen poppy np :dogeheart: abbie, yeah
a lot of people found her annoying later on but idk if shed be considered unsupportive or antagonistic i liked the female LI yea > her face is reused in MTFL
@Rayvenrock  it is?? o i just hated how most of the family stuff was paywalled when it was supposed to be like the main focus of the story and :furballhappy: yeah but unless you have VIP waiting 3 hours for a key to play a 3 minute chapter kinda sucks disgustang same girls in suits  kamilah wears a suit cant think of any off the top of my head female LI gn pri sleep well :GWcentrallGoodNightBOYE: he's ready for halloween skye where you ping them then delete it bc they still get the notif but cant find the message :ChikaAAAA: new font yea same lol it was like a punch to the eyes the old font was rounder i dont like it tbh. i was actually warming up to the old new font lol but ill probably get used to it over time ~~before they change it again~~ guess i'll be matchin with ava in plain af prom dresses :WonPeace: i'm enjoying it so far majority of the fandom says it's good at the very least you'll get diamonds yeah the faces are.. off lol also ig there goes the final sliver of hope for more female LIs  isnt kyra moving away or something? sad times i cant wait to get punched in the nose when they mention the word friend 100 times in every aurora scene thats what friends are for!
:why: #bots-and-pets-uwu veil of secrets, distant shores, hero, the heist: monaco its a good one b-but becca and mc :SCfeelsbad: apparently so bc they're making merch for it too  :hawyee: FA woulda been POC :SCfeelsbad: its also one of their more popular ongoing books
and yk,, not VIP but we all know why they didn't ... theres no bolas either but then it'll be ethan make it FA ~~i wish the writers would~~ fr sadge the state of choices rn tbh kinda depressing innit CoP and LoA worry me with their titles, honestly i'm just holding out for BOLAS2 and the zombie book  yea god FA could've been so good man i hope there's a book 2 (with better writing/pacing) only because shoving all the conflict and resolutions into the last 2 chapters will be messy af like the peace summit is getting so hyped up yeah mhm if it actually is a standalone it'll be super underwhelming bc there's no way to put enough tension or to have the summit live up to its name in two chaps same im kinda just here for tatum yess oh lord maybe they just dont know how to count made so many TRR books they lost track im talking about this holiday book i think it was meant to be a standalone, but the fan feedback made them announce a sequel honestly i feel like saying the script was ready was just a lie to tide us over tbh probably second option DS got so fucked in the ending
literally a sequel bait DS didnt even flop iirc a majority wanted a book 2 kinda just seemed like PB gave up in the end making the vip books higher quality is likely on purpose, as they want it to be bought, but i don't think making the normal books bad is i guess so i mean maybe pb took it down she did put it in her application after all she could also be taking a break bc marco's taking a break. she posted a bunch of stories about how much she'll miss her and how much she cried over it etc :ANIshrug: the possibilities are endless she sent in an application to be a choices writer at pb oh and you were 100% correct with this lmao only it was just a single day alsjdk why was he posin like that would certainly make the story more intriguing ngl ..? what is it then??  i just dont understand why something as simple as uberbot's thing has to be kept a ~secret~ but whatever i try voicing my opinions as nice as i can but everyone has a breaking point literally when i talked about the staff stuff a bit ago i thought i was being pretty nice? how come then drew was able to call it "Lame" twice, yet i post one emote and i get all this? that sounds fun music poppin tho :AG_RumiaDance3: im pregnant and its not ur kid :AG_RumiaDance2: hmm this is just a total guess but it might be bc in the earlier days, they were a solo company and so could write what they wanted regardless of feedback. but now, for money reasons and stuff, they need to know how a book is doing to plan if it'll have a sequel or not, so they use hiatuses bottom lmao np yall its over? but doug- :omgsobs: why :ConfusedCat: no but fr what happened wym looks fine to me ikr my handsome mans :heheadrian: :CS_Heart: he eatin good tonight lu i would like you to know i said that in my head to the tune of the R-I-P song hot ooh she sassy :is_he_yknow: GOTTA GETCHA HEAD IN THE GAME
GOTTA GETCHA GETCHA GETCHA GETCHA HEAD IN THA GAME but in a football field rather than basketball court and poppy as sharpay, iconic im john cena :KRFroggoDisappear: yeah. u make a staircase out of milk crates and walk up and down semi quickly. original was with a guy smoking a blunt but not all do that its like testing ur balance or smth lmao can always get a refund ya if its within a certain time limit, two weeks i think i could be remembering that part wrong but ik ive done it many times lol tbh sounds like something he'd do after getting hella drunk on a good friday night gabriel so intoxicating call him alcohol :AA_Cool: kith :ruserious: i like the ombre our names made damb same tho is that still sam? ah ooh really? niceee i've never seen that before, ty ah i see lol tbh its kinda cool they're using the unused covers as app icons mine is  noo    yeee skdjjks fair now im just imagining a skateboarding skeleton ayyy sick mal? cuz he *smolders* woo sameee honey youre posting these on a public website the hypocrisy is so funny to me also in general she's just.. not okay. she obsesses over a REAL LIFE PERSON and makes threats toward's their possible significant others girl* lin fan is the woman's actual name, marco is her stage name mhm these are the only ones i have saved atm but theres been more. i remember specifically one time she posted smth like ||i would kill anyone to get close to my baobao.. shes mine.  i cant wait to marry her.|| :ASakashrug: i guess its bc shes okay with fans sharing it amongst themselves so she gets the credit, but shes not okay with fans sharing it with pb so she gets the blame?? lmao milf discord >> :AA_Cultured: :changbinheart: he wasnt kicked from PCF what you ordered vs what you get ok ngl book 1 beckett givin me big gender envy :03_kittyAAAA: https://tenor.com/view/who-sorry-not-sorry-i-dont-know-keke-palmer-dick-cheney-gif-20558732 i cant remember but probably TF :KRYooaClap: .img dionne baby [picture of Lu] i dont have one so im gonna sub in yesterdays instead and say hilda :IrizchuComfy: TRR when it gets a new spinoff series: https://tenor.com/view/ahs-surprise-surprise-bitch-emma-roberts-coven-gif-5296513 he's like jacob from twilight can never keep his shirt on be the older peter from spiderverse canon alternate universes makes anything possible :SenkoOfCulture: lu would be perfect for this she would be all over SB if MM was on there- lolll make this ur pfp :samhelpme: nice and then they have the scene where u have to shoot one of them "say something only the REAL sam would know" i get a ghost wife and a serial killer husband. nice :AG_StareCat: ofc ofc yall get the family treatment skldsldsdjg i'll be the live band :kek: 1 tequila im omw im going over speed limits dw :TE_monkaSTEER: im omW i got twins which is funny bc i used to get random calls from a hospital about my newborn twins so apparently its meant to be metta u would def treat ur child like royalty so it fits spoil tf outta them because it's unethical perfect like cuz he posted the meme? or cuz he the baby daddy?  i remember the marriagebot :oWo: based on the outfit i'd say marco isabella tbh i dont remember how she was as a mom i just remember her kid(s?) being awful oh so nothing different then :CH_Lmao: lmaooo truu https://tenor.com/view/clapping-nodding-yes-the-wendy-williams-show-sassy-gif-5308709 hana and adrian :CB_Chef_kiss: princess swap ft. vanessa hudgens tna3 is surrender pt 4 lmao so can we make the channel well now youre getting a channel promotion im the mysterious banana is she also the bodybuilder https://tenor.com/view/jake-peralta-squinting-read-trying-to-read-brooklyn-nine-nine-gif-13387080 orphan yea she freaky cuz his parents are dead lmao your moms hitting on me smh get over yourself liam, shes just planning her night in i thought she was american .img slow burn julia the early access books are moved from vip to ongoing once their vip release ends, like shipwrecked, and then moved to forgotten once their public release ends. from what i understand from previous convos, the original vip books (non early release) will stay in the vip category :WSWhyYouDoThis: yes EW THE LAUGH WHY DO THEY KEEP USING THE LAUGH ik we have so much sam already but i mean honestly its such a good reaction pic lmao hold on i just saw this SKDJFKSD they all have different emotions LMAOO these could all be emotes tbh pb ads are just peak material AHAHA :waitwha: beautiful :samwtf: :samhelpme: :waitwha: the ~~un~~holy trinity metta im dying these are great tragic nice. sir you literally name all your MCs andrew. and playing a gender does not equal being that gender ??? like are you fucking serious right now :VanillaHungry: this is what it looks like i kinda like it looks neater yeah it goes away its bad i dont have a problem with her liking characters but the poem was so fucking uncomfortable for me to read yeah that part and "That sweet, sweet smile makes me forget about your past" like what past????? it was the first line of it too, right befiore the trans part :IDKher: its out lol alabama aw i want a wild west book with the real cowboys got drunk with trystan thorne :CB_pika_think: i'll switch birthdays with you lmao thats crazy cuz im july 25th lu starts a band with quinn. iconic. hell yeah fanclub yeah at least we get MM tna in the summer :CH_TwerkThanos: im not ready :SCAAA: aw it looks cute 



 flappy bird oh that one actually looks good the only thing recognizable from that is the hair lol where'd it go :johntravolta: yess thatd be so fun lmaoo he looks like a chipmunk bbg theyre edits from the subreddit; side characters we wished were LIs. for valentines day its the black-led book thats pretty much the only info we have atm lol right both i think i feel like it'll be like ROE where the characters have set faces and we just choose the hair/name/clothes which i'm down for appropriation..? either that or it'll be locked yeah its actually pretty nice. you get the inside scoop of what the LI is thinking and the development of their character through it is really good no problem! do just be aware that it is like, pretty intense themes. theyve done a good job explaining it and easing the reader into it (and giving you options whether to take it further or not) but play to your comfort level its a good book but its not for everyone and thats okay smh gOc oR rIoT doesnt really matter for me tbh if its a good book its a good book BUT METTA W3E NWEED TO KNOW RIGHT NOWWW IF I CAN HAVE A PENIS mhm plus you really have to remember that the pandemic fucked a lot of stuff up. books take like a year to write i impulse buy games nice ^^^^ i tried it when the shortcuts thing first came out bc i wanted an aesthetic but it was really annoying tbf they put warnings on all the books and if u mean the icons/covers; there's underwear commercials with similar imagery https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/t60dim/im_a_sucker_for_twinswitch_stories_so_in_honour/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf i love this its **wide release** in may it comes out for vip this month in march they didnt lie its literally at the top of the schedule saying its this months vip book its. right there. bel just didnt screenshot it fr fr good shit she means the original QB it was gonna be vip but they decided to make it free Wordle 261 4/6




 woo and its daily u just hit the share button and it copies to ur clipboard hell yeah i'll take colt colt was actually my secondary LI but then mona existed he was a scooter boy she said sinclaire's cooler boy frfr loving pbs new layout 23 :GetSomeHelp: maidenless behavior its me loving half and hating the other half  scars are hot just lick it :) https://tenor.com/view/touching-grass-touch-gif-21219969 it's really not. maybe because it wasnt for you i wouldve used a reply if it was i already said it wasnt as has lu ok but you keep saying shit after i already stated multiple times that it wasnt for you two weeks i think no one said you are. jfc lu needs that spice i absolutely hate antags that are evil jsut to be evil. give them some reason. shallow hate sinks aint it yea principal jennings craig babu like idk i found raife interesting because he wasnt always just hurr durr im mean and rude and hate everything i like complexity in my antags yknow kinda sounds like landry - neglected by family/peers
- overshadowed by someone else
- jealousy drives them over the edge
- does bad shit to be the best :CB_pika_think: the thing is ive never seen people excuse poppy, they just love her bitchiness with aerin its more oh hes a traumatized baby boy i feel the same with the word abusive like ive seen people call reagan abusive and honey,,, thats not the take you think it is. a lot of people seem to forget the settings of some of these books, and the fact that its not *their* lives but if theyre not raised with/by humans theyre not gonna have the same- yeah what lu said lol kinda like tarzan. when he first met jane some of the actions he does can be described as rude or weird, but thats because he wasnt raised in a human environment the monkeys ate it mhm most of the people who talk about shit like that didnt even make it past chapter 1 so then its like- how are you gonna be talking out of your ass rn it's just people any age any place
no use mentioning generations tbh ok mom :smil: and money too. not every gen z grows up with electronics and new things so many ppl are like "gen z has no idea what its like to not have a screen in their face 24/7" etc etc bro i didnt get a phone until i was 14 and had to share a blocky family computer. didnt have a flatscreen tv until 2 years ago lol my first phone was iphone 5 and it was cuz i was going on a school trip and my mom wanted to keep tabs on how iw as doing lol oh i looked it up i think my brother had a blackberry zombie: starts twerking mhm mhm was a ride youd get fired (respectfully) its a pretty known member lmao yall will see :) :) smut bad unless catered to ME in conclusion, honestly smart the main sub has just gotten worse tbh
like its just a circlejerk of hating smut and whining for goc lmao mhm which is why its so funny he makes mlm smut covers but complains about there being too much smut lmfao as an averse asexual SR has been surprisingly well done. everything is explained well and it feels comfortable even tho its way out of my comfort zone fr fr it getting a sequel is not bad for anyone. those who enjoy it get to read more. those who dont, it doesnt affect them. its not taking away from their precious fantasy books. its literally just adding more to the calendar. its good all around. and it shows pb that theyre allowed to try new things and succeed people saying ID is just a rehash of BB because it has **one (1)** vampire character  WTD is so good is perfectly fine, theres literally no need to add ..better than those trashy smut books we keep getting. of course! there are still some small moments that make me kinda pause but theyre quick and easy to pass through. and thats just me being vanilla and ace and yada yada lol. overall its been a good experience and i really like reagans character yea yes controlling the situation from both sides helps a lot as does getting the inner readings of the LIs mind SDFJKSKL STOP WHAT IS HER VOICE SHE WENT FULL ANIMAL CROSSING ON HER petition for lu to be the end of ad voice thats such a meme picture i love it nice nah he's just excited to be in her presence ethan~? do you have a secret side we dont know about? ahh knew it would be that interested to see how they do it looks like they have a bunch of different art styles to choose from i got the email mightve been a first come first server type situation if too many ppl signed up so the ppl who signed up quicker got in theres an extra finger monique from MOTY :e_minor: their necks complete each other <3 meant to be ethan must be his side piece when in rome manu that horse gives me old barbie movie vibes nop oooh its hamilton i have 5 left i 100% dumped james for zig and mackenzie for bianca other than zig i dont like any if he didnt come in i wouldve played the series single honestly i wouldve romanced madison if she was an option not to mention when james literally mutes your video call to keep writing instead of, yknow, being a good friend TF 3 when he's in cali kaitlyn and chris get better in the sophomore but its definitely a trudge but yeah basically MC calls him because chris is ignoring her and kaitlyn blows up at her, so she feels alone and sad. and while she's sitting there venting her heart out to james he fucking mutes the call so he can write his script because "the moment was too good to pass up" or some shit :SCaaa: AND THEN when MC FLIES ACROSS THE COUNTRY to visit him and warn him about yasmin wanting to ruin his career, he doesn't believe her and chalks it up to jealousy/her missing him crazy - deal with Chris ghosting her and freaking out about his school presidency stuff poor girl should go to a different college and the way they all joke about her being the mom friend... no ma'am yall just aren't competent or mature enough to deal with your own issues so you force all your problems onto her and then get upset at her for being in your business lmao fr surprised noahs not with him not by pb theres a fanmade book its pinned in #it-lives-in-our-hearts damn wish we got the SR one  :AA_Cultured: nah its manu if you look at the shipwrecked CG you can see its the same, they just upped the brightness OOH i hope so :waiting: sams like gurl gtfo u need a doctor wtf sinclaire is the worst offender @MaralinaSakura move ID please maam immortal desires yea thank u u may continue ur suju bopping shes stuck in the upside down sydney... oh hello maam BB
PM
HSS
ACOR
TE in no order W list i feel like u might like TPA ID is.. boring to me
everyone else loves it and i'm here like :who: can yall show me what ur seein oh i think i know the face he has glasses AHA charlie bb gabe looks so out of place in the LOA2 cover skdhdkdh its like they took too much time creating MC and aislinn they just went uh yeah just copy paste his head on its fine :ASKoroneConfused: i was gonna say if theres a murder/crime involved but ILITW would be wrong :KRSuzuThink: technically you could put BSC up there since colt almost shoots MC with a shotgun in their first meeting  was that not his name oh cliff theyre both old white men milque you are the best that got a good nose exhale from me idk is prob books he hasnt played ah ATV had a bunch of pew pew space lasers which maybe count as guns  yea i gotchu i spent diamonds until they did the end then i sat back and watched them bitches burn because i bought like, the ship stuff and scenes with ppl but as soon as a game makes it like you HAVE to buy this to SURVIVE and WIN im like.. nah bro id rather perish thx mc and her little space ferret are out that typo works bro i was always stuck between kepler and zekei and id rather be stuck iN BETWEEN IF UOU KNOW WHAT I i pretended i did not see the brothers choices i men in black-ed myself after each chapter bro everyone wanted to fuck eros eos whatever lyra was cute
i think thats her name? pax had AWFUL li options yuh holmes isnt as bad but he was too puppy dog for my taste thats a weird way to spell three ayo? agreed oh youre talking about the mc- I JUST WANNA SAY IT NOW CHAZZ CAN SHOVE IT he didnt deserve crash smh nO?? that was a thing??? brb burning my eyes i use the red hair with that face not the chazzle dazzle  damn i miss sofia meme era that was legit now its just a bunch of posts complaining about smut books yawn more people need to learn how to walk away times change, people change, thats life i just recently deleted lovelink from my phone after two years cuz i was never opening it anymore and just letting the notifs pile up me when companies announce paid dlc before the base video game even comes out  nintendont kits 