#official-choices-twitter so is Top 5 a drawing of the characters in the top 5? And do we draw the shrine Im confused I'm crap at drawing but I wanna try Lol my first thought was "she's why we have baby books." It takes 12-25 messages to get 250 EXP, if you want a number of messages to aim for I don't think the poll is very clear for people who haven't seen the emoji in use But also, since the intention of the spray bottle is to say "take a minute" why not replace it with a stop sign or a hand raised instead? :agooglethumbsup: Does his sprite look like the cover? Discord has been weird for me too finally ill get 63 up soon (i am also doing 64 and 65 but not today) What region? ill join in a minute ok coming ok i sent it to 2 servers idk if theyll join u can ban when a round is over or vote kick (3 people) in the game who was it again o f lmao can u make it private when the round is over so my friend can get in im so confused on why they think we're playing hide and seek omfg he was just screaming 'ORANGE VENTED' without saying location and ignoring everything i said  i was literally with people the entire time among us i dont know why they thought we were playing hide and seek wtf i dont like it either lol yeah only 3 people said we should play it, but they didnt say they *were* playing it yeah, cyan who was named uh kooskoos or something she was the one who brought up hide and seek in the first place and i knew chickenboi no chickenboi's among us names always end in boi tho theyre different i think cyan might have left over it but chickenboi left because of the players being annoying she probably left because of all the confusion between whether we were or were not playing yeah idk them not like anyone was listening to defenses.... they just went with whoever was being accused i explained i was in admin with the guy named ??? (they didnt fully load, so they showed up as a green not available), and then i went right in the direction of the reactor with four other people. and no one would confirm what i was saying because blue just kept going "ORANGE VENTED PLEASE BELIEVE ME" idk why they voted me  i dont know, maybe their screen was lagging and i teleported for them that happens to me sometimes but i wasnt by a vent and i never even saw blue... its so strange do u still want to play without random people, trying to get 10 people together oh Ugh  :threep: :threep: :threep: I actually haven't seen any info about whether they're gender of choice or not No it's not just you   i dont want no love triangle the problem with the love triangle for me is bastien seems to be male only there may still be a 3rd i guess. but if theyre already saying love triangle i doubt theyll get much screen time yes i did like that he wasnt forced but it was also really bad for anyone who did romance him cause you got mc having a (celeb) crush on avery and fake dating with raleigh and then shane is just... there yeah i was confused on why they even bothered It says the title in the pic https://www.buzzfeed.com/jasminnahar/tell-us-how-many-of-these-christmas-gifts I got 22 Two years off  I only listen to one song by Harry Styles man anyone know how to change what google play account your discord is using? well removing the account discord was using from my phone worked > And finally, because many people have asked: we will have multiple books where youll be able to select your gender. Lmfao What an answer Aw they used pusheen in the email New drake looks better with the mustache It annoys me when they put Poppy on the li lists when shes not an li Surprised Mal won over Tyril tho All i ever see is Tyril lol well theyre wrong shell probably be one in b2 but shes not rn They are wrong lmao She doesnt have a necklace either In the merch store Its just Ian/Ina and Zoey And I want Zoey to get more respect before Poppy becomes an li I'm also just bitter about the whole Poppy thing shes ||full asian|| its spoilers tho ||no|| ||Hes not her father|| yeah a lot of people were surprised to find she is asian at all tho so they see her as white ah She definitely would not be. i think ive only chosen the white versions of customizable lis three times, which wasn't intentional i just think the white versions are ugly compared to the others lmao F she literally puts her username on the photos... so people can find spoilers easier.... Eeva I hope it's not called corpse husband cause ill be thinking of the person Has anyone heard from Milquetoast? . n :meowfingergunsrev: would it even work like if u just typed out the emoji :blobcatdab: oh its the cooking book? still weird :blobpusheenpizza: The bot was trying to save us from the cover the others look like they were just added later thm :kyuushock: every time i see #show-yourself i think of the frozen song i start singing it in my head Oh i see it now Diagonally worked better hi yeah ava did date chad and ||then she breaks up with him because she has feelings for mc, and mc is eavesdropping|| forgot this was no spoiler zone it was really early chapters before chapter 40s yeah but i dont wanna spoiler it for anyone who plans to read it if they do i know i will not be replaying to finish since i lost all my chapter progress "and you can decide if it fits you."
so are they going to update the book warnings then? replying to this cause not everyone pays attention to choices social media oh my god i forgot it was april fools thank god my two first loves channel is missing and the freshman wishful thinking the elementalists i think every book after high school story and before most wanted in the alphabet o the nanny affair hard to tell with these names i have that i see it now sunpuked save the person who just read or die cancelled celebrity diaries Plati cum back hell for the holidays thats it i looked at forgotten books and they all could fit on my phone screen without scrolling so i knew something was missing its cool u tried your best oh i cant see it I hope there's other people on the island not just this companion similar to witness at least we got some actual answers > Yes!Shipwreckedwill be our next VIP book. It follows the daring storyline of your MC and a single love interest who are stranded together on a deserted island.
sad hi Oh :CharmanderHi: yeah Manu's the only one ill probably be busy at least one weekend but yes im joining first timer bright I kinda want to make a tier list with all customizable li faces i dont think itd be too bad should be less faces than lis total poor marco ok im gonna do the tier list right now that was fast oh thats all lis im blind so u can choose which hair/face combo u picked i wouldnt mind doing that also, but not today i wish i didnt know about who let the dogs out  https://tiermaker.com/create/choices-customizable-lis-maker-30-tier-list-maker-1301631 idk why it took me so long but i did it if i missed someone i will DIE of the whole thing? wow i forgot liam bruh ok i fixed it https://tiermaker.com/create/choices-customizable-lis-maker-30-tier-list-maker-1301631

added: female hunter and kayden, male cassian, clint, made marco smaller, made julian neutral liam is added and julian is sad for some reason i didn't notice i forgot male cassian. man ill fix it in the morning i wasted a few hours getting the assets myself until i remembered i could go download assembled sprites from abookishcreative lmao though they didn't have any vip sprites so i had to do those abookishcreative didnt have any other outfits for them  I FORGOT FEMALE HUNTER AND FEMALE KAYDEN asian hunter has no clothes so to be consistent the others dont either oh shit i missed clint too  theyll be added in an hour or so wtf why did she give her full name out the others in the article are just their first names true how to get away with murder it's 78 here too and I hate it. huh yeah i see it Lmao I swear I saw a tweet from pb saying we'd get news about the mystery book But I can't find it and there's no news v_v Like I remember someone tweeting to them about the book, and their response was "find out tomorrow" or something. Maybe I dreamed it I don't even know > To continue the family member analogy, It Lives is your veteran badass cousin who believes in cryptids and is crazy prepared for the strangest of emergencies
> If Choices books were family members TC&TF and TF would be the grandmas and MW is the granddad who went MIA decades ago and no one knows where he is
> TRR is your sister who got hitched with a prince and now won't stop spamming her Instagram with pics of their baby
This is tempting me to make human versions of the books on sims not exactly sure how a lot of the books would look like... If you compare it to how people advertised the app as the gayest thing ever, yeah Though in Titanic the female li was actually relevant and important to the plot and was so amazing I felt the 3 lis had equal screentime but I don't remember specifics And in Life 2 there were 2 female lis but I don't actually remember much about that story Misha was a fwb li and Abigail was a slowburn 5 Edge of Extinction, Life 2.0, Eternal City Playing the app after hearing people from the choices tumblr fandom saying it's the gayest thing ever was... something. i have no idea why they said that lol I barely remember anything of it I was on my reread of Titanic but I didn't finish in time :( i did love the app so i dont really remember what books have come out this year but i think the only new faces we got this year is a total of four. one in trm, two in witness, and one in rising tides thats pretty sad wait i forgot blades oh wow trm was 2019 not 2020 so blades +16, witness +2, rising tides +1 blades makes up a lot of the new faces lol but yeah excluding blades, 3 in 2019 there were 9 new faces the trm face, rod, and, at the time, open heart i typed 'annabelle' and it sent through at anna and i went :huh: she means shane isnt on the list theres two slots for platinum prince lol i could not figure out his name cause i was overthinking it yeah hamid works im stuck on one person left too yes i got it grant was the last name for me for tevan i just kept typing names like t---n i couldnt spell his name lol ^ the destiel scene was painful to watch lol h? Lol what books would they even put under LGBTQ+? I assume mtfl and tf but it's not like sexuality is ever discussed in majority of the books And I haven't noticed a difference Queen B I could see Highly doubt they'd put MW under LGBTQ+ they'd probably put single li books under it, cus of the gender customizable option yay!!! T I got that message and I only got 19 right lol Well the first three sentences anyway. I didn't read the whole thing oh i was in #no-spoiler-zone trying to find the conversation about the b3 cover thought i imagined it nah shes posted about rafael being her li before I looked at her scripts and it's just so funny to me that she watermarks every page Yeah she doesn't want anyone copying or editing it lol I treated this more as who i am more attached to as a character s and a being my favorites, b being "like as people but meh", c being "don't care", and d being "i do not like them" sometimes f yeah that definitely doesnt help but its the lowest number any mc has gotten in that poll just. two votes. I dont even remember what he looks like choices insider didnt give us any new info, aside from tuh coming soon they call the royal heir finale book 5 though i think it was just a mistake cause it would be book 6 the royal romance, trh b1 and b2 oh what book am i missing? ...oh ohh I forgot a third existed REGARDLESS this would not be book 5 I think i played it but idk. they all blend together :meowpensivepray: another pointless choices insider she couldve just told him she has a kid lol that picture makes me sad they kept giving us the same black hairstyle every time oh mc showed up but those look good on her > Additionally, our writing team has created a Sensitivity Team comprised of members with different backgrounds to provide advice and to help with more authentic portrayals of characters from underrepresented groups. The Sensitivity Team has also assigned members to help with projects that deal with sensitive subject matters and given them the authority to help course correct and educate when an element of story might include something potentially problematic or insensitive. This team has also helped to introduce scenes that give a more realistic portrayal of the hardships minorities may face. Taking on additional responsibilities, like this, is recognized during annual reviews. did they skip over mtfl her chest moving is creepy Sofia pretty sure   amount of times a message has been seen when someone uses the "star explore" command using the force command to force a message on starboard. itll stay up even if it loses the necessary stars the freshman im dying to know whats under LGBTQ these are under LGBTQ it makes sense nightbounds a top 10? not nightbound wolf bride i wouldnt have guessed qb is in the top ten picture but not in the ten scam Princess swap  its most likely going to feel like the princess switch did not like those movies but i like the princess swap idea itself princess and the popstar barbie princess and the pauper choices edition but let us romance Erika/pauper its out oh they'll answer the same questions they've already answered wow she doesn't like other people posting spoilers? apologize for what  "I know I dislike being spoiled by another person" not that big of a spoiler but she didn't cover the Kingsley photos she was too Excited or whatever I even commented on one of the Kingsley's asking why she posted them without spoiler tagging and she blocked me and deleted my comment wasn't even a rude comment >:( that was a great and very accurate picture, what do you mean its out