...not me using it to describe myself when i slightly like someone thinking it meant "fan" thats hella clean and modern I married my crush because I'm sexy
sounds like a wattpad story 19 eps? did they manage to cram 3 books into a 19 eps series? last updated almost a year ago  and its also not your home to set your own rules??? people actually leave puddles in their own home?  tfw being nice is a "power play" yass victorious wait RT only has 10 Chaps?
did not knkw that i just...
never saw anyone talk about it unless someone brings up how its the most forgotten book Witness is hella meme wait what oh the electric book  god i only remember that book because of the emu i loved the idea of being able to hear other people's mind true, when HC dropped at once theres probably like 2 or 3 days of topics about it before its swiped under the rug id say WEH was hot topic for a bit longer because yeah *that* sheesh StD was one of the first books i played when i picked the game up again in 2020 somehow stuck with Justin throughout the entire book idk i liked Justin in his premium scenes it was glaringly obvious the writers tried so hard to do a slow burn and stir up drama so they just used Justin his smut scene was also one of the most explicit scenes then Surrender happened cant you just idk
scream Gaius and see who looks at you  https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/250008858062225408/944305950960005211/thearchbishopofbanterbury-18022022-0004.mp4 damn stay safe yall UGH I MIXED UP "WORTHLESS" AND "PRICELESS" I JUST CALLED SOMEONE WORTHLESS  i want to delete my existence pls damn youre not alone, me and Sage are less favourable :( headcanoning Virgo and Leo go together  basically like this im virgo and sage is leo oh my god Aku i would be a "favourable" couple with Lucan ~~switch up time~~ too bad Lucan is dead ~~necromancy would be even better~~ Happy birthday fellow stranger!! woo Old York Old York sounds like an insult ngl ^ this tbh >meet up with a teacher 
>she tells me to text next week about my school situation
>fast forward a week later
>"hmm im going to text in proper english so she knows im good at english"
>she fucking typed like this shes an ENGLISH TEACHER  tragedy she has an iphone 11 or 12 idk but she types like this my god i have to text her again next Monday  the amount of times my parents called me out for sitting like that "dont sit like that!! its feminine!!"
ok but its comfortable because money = problem solved /s that heart attack moment when you leave your phone and coming back to see your parent holding it while giving it an incredulous look i cant tell if my mom is disappointed or confused about my Sage lock screen wallpaper :KEKWhands: my parents : whats privacy wh- huh?? why no passwords i think if my parents werent tech illiterates and understood english theyd go through my phone without hesitation my parents know the basics of navigating through phones but they defo dont know what to look for had i done that id get a broom flying across the room *oof* i caught my mom holding it but i didnt have the balls to call her out
seen enough crap to know better its not any worse than the Choices icon :KEK: just lips touching while holding the chin and the background lighting blends with the foreground so at first glance it wouldnt be visible my phone automatically moves games to the Game Launcher so its hidden from plain sight if i were to lend my phone id speedrun uninstall Choices my parents dont know the games i play but if they saw the Choices icon id be dead meat ah i know that brand
very popular here idk how its popular considering Xiaomis exist i was gonna guess its something to do with their marketing i remember one of the banners where they featured NBA players lmfao different market audience i think basketball is extremely popular in Philippine soccer, right? and cricket i remember my Indian friends trying to get me into those sports, always ended with a ball to my face i was never into sports kek im too clumsy can relate not the weight part, im a certified twig its embarassing my body is fragile and i get awful muscle cramps after regular excercises not gonna forget that one time i twisted my right ankle trying to kick the ball in soccer it came out in 2013?? nuh-uh it came out in 2016 and today is 2018  nononono is he smirking or angery ooh a baddie i like his hair yall who tf names their child "Planning" i thought this teacher's job was a planner so i asked around "is the planner here" 
so someone told me "you mean Ms.Planning?"
"....." god this is my 1st time going to a proper school in 3 years and everyones all glammed up im too used to uniform schools >teacher texts me to go to school for further info
>go to school
>literally no teachers around

wtf? told me recess and the office the recess time is 8:30am and its 9am rn
theres no one at the office reccess? break time? for the love of god turns out the teacher thats texting me isnt even in town just sent me to school for god knows who "soz we cant do anything im outta town, ask the security guard ig" also the students seem to be milling around even after the break was over atleast she slightly improved her texting skills  its her first name  for a sec i thought she was holding a bag with a pic of 3 babies tasty TIL Nation Wedding Plan day exists perfect day to read Save the Date sometimes >:( i used to be that one kid who went to fast food chains, buy the soda and devour the ice cubes in them wat da amir doing wait what is that shaved ice with syrup on a stick? we never had refridgerators with ice cube dispensers so i went through a phase of freezing bottled waters  LMAO fun times whens the school year ending for you? my relatives are throwing graduating parties this week already updated discord app lets you tag it as a spoiler buuut the alternative requires you to edit the image name and add a "SPOILER_" to the beginning like so oof i can hear a bunch of angry lightnings in the distance and its constantly lighting up the street
i should prooobably check the weather it sure as hell doesnt look "mostly cloudy" is it just me whose weather predictions app are always off? ooh lemme try at #bots-and-pets-uwu YT recommended me a Stan Twitter video and it officially ruined the word "Papayas" Wordle 271 5/6





 smh Wordle 272 4/6




 feels like yesterday i borrowed my friend's ipad and beat his highscore greenies how best ive done was 2 attempts smh car freak? :O i also have a tendency to go for a car thats showing red flags because funny car > problems that come with it 70s/80s gymnasts b like Wordle 277 6/6






 u good? Wordle 278 4/6




 why is messaging my class advisor such a pain in the ass shes interviewing my ass through SMS when i thought we would just agree on a place and time to meet ookay? im like
? for context she asked if i spoke the local dialect or Tagalog in which i said no and then she proceeded to ask me for my religion it screams discrimination to me because since she said that shes been an extreme grade A bitch to me funny how i was so excited for school then this happens shes now trying to blame me that i wasnt informed by the schools that classes start and that she "knows i was aware" of classes because ofc i was aware when i wasnt informed very https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/652299445861613569.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless like this doesnt make any sense > Even though that you were not informed
> I know that you are aware
gee good to know a person i havent even met knows me good enough to know i was aware mhm if things keep going this way then it would be much easier if i packed my bag and moved out to another country this shitehole has no hope at all i also love how she dumped me an essay and a task despite that i havent even started not her literally telling me to cope "its part of the education!!" the other school wasnt far off any better
they demanded a chart of my family tree and a "story of your family" i dumped 3 long ass messages and shes yet to reply to me
dont like it when you get your own medicine served to you huh? trust me, i am too going to go with plan b if this adviser of mine keeps on being a bitch i should also probably change my FB name as this adviser got my last name and last thing i need is her bombarding my DMs for a "self introduction video" im going to have to confront her sooner or later :) heres to hoping she fucks up badly so i have a reason to drop out *again* lonely is a mood rn im both lonely and withdrawn  what is this bs 
Wordle 284 X/6






 question, did anyone take these mathematics lessons in 8th grade? WHAT i literally just got into school last week and my first math activity sheet is asking me to *define*?? terms?? one major problem im having is that, i skipped grade 6th and 7th and *also* the first 2 terms of grade 8th my adviser only gave me the 3rd quarter module for maths so not only do i need to quickly comprehend these mathematics formulas, but also learn the Filipino language  heres what the 1st page is did you pass at the end? im not sure how am i supposed to do this?
doesnt help the fact my adviser isnt replying to my texts for help she just made me clean the classroom and backyard, handed me the modules and told me to return them next week right i should use that more often ill do the easier modules, save the math proof bs for the last one ...also impromptu filipino lessons for the 3 modules for it no stress at all only pinoy languages im aware of are Tagalog, Bisaya and Maguindanaon ah oof the filipino modules ive got says something about
"karunungan-bayan" "pasasalamatsaKabutihang-loob ng Kapwa" "ang pagsibol ng imperyong romano" literally dont understand any of it and im getting tongue tied reading it  im gonna have to seriously learn filipino as my 6th language fml :ianwhyyyyyy: because i know im going to flunk Maths atleast if i learn filipino id have some chances if i flunk maths what the fuck my god https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/649724752205840385.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless one of the activities requires me to read sentences and write whether its a riddle, slogan or shit stuffs like this theres like 10 sentences that i have to decipher *ohhh* so thats why its a "grain of rice" another problem, we dont have 24/7 electricity anymore and i only have 2% of battery after scouring the internet for hours so i cant look for answer online until... 7 hours atleast isnt this so nice? fun! another problem to add on my long list! what a fucking joke, its 1hr past our scheduled electricity and its still not working  i really need electricity nowadays more than ever because im stacked with modules https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/649724752205840385.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless i have no idea when it will be normal again because the company are a huge corrupt, the past 2 years they didnt need to pay due to the election and pandemic yet we still had to pay huge bills but then the government told to the power sectors "bruh dont give them free shit" and well, the company somehow didnt have any money to pay the power sectors  fuck sake im not even in that area but im still affected by it so, update : we didnt get our 4hrs of electricity and it only turned on again 20mins before its the next area's turn  dont have enough battery to research shit for my studies cant wait for our bill to arrive only for it to be more expensive than the last month because "we need help" sigh its okay, just need to wait... 12 hours for our next turn again also havent slept properly for a week thanks to our neighbour's generator next door hooh someone recommended me this website for translating obscure filipino sayings https://owl.purdue.edu/ anyone has experience with this? its in english yeah but ive been told the concept apply to another i just skimmed over the rest of the filipino modules and i physically feel the motivation draining from me mhmmm i think im going to flunk filipino too all of these lessons are impossible for me when i dont even speak tagalog  not only do i need to familiarise myself with the context, i need to comprehend whether shit is a "hugot" or a riddle lmfaoo one of the filipino modules has someone's answer sheet in it
thats one less work :worry: i also realised my sheet is a lot messier than hers and i didnt need to write down the questions 
mines on the right :( SIMP not me rewriting my shit for the 3rd time at this point https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/866494217521332234.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless finally, its not so messy as my previous sheet havent written this much for like 6 years so my handwriting skills deteriorated  send her my wishes, hope she recovers fast and well thankies :Dopeyhappy: boy do i love procractinating and awaiting my impending consequences my adviser just handed me modules without explaining anything about them  so here i am doing a shot in the dark hoping these papers i wrote arent wrong because my adviser was nice enough to not respond to my texts oh hey ive seen his vids to fix my back posture and yes hes good looking asian parents : theres something about noses that my mom raves about DOOGIE shes sooo cute i want to give her ear scritches so bad happy ace day! thats a real song and not a shitpost?? need that driving over people asmr? sad song as in "Left Behind"? also i dont read SR but the soundtracks really slap hard Left Behind will always remind me of those painful moments from a lot of books  personally theres few smut songs i like in Choices but SR and plenty others fit such as Witness's opening soundtrack which is arguably a smut soundtrack ive had some people try to tell me its a "happy" soundtrack  its also frequently used in SR NO me about to fall off a cliff and grabbing my LI towards our demise you ever just
reach the *crescendo*? you feel heat pooling at the bottom of your stomach  damn i just realise how many PB terms there is eugh morning Drew evening for those in the same timezone as me which is 11pm kek imagine being an adult and having to do taxes innit Maratatorship beginss you go to a boarding school? briefly played on 17 with my brother whos that right next to Kaitlyn Anne looks gorgeous uh umm mmm uhhh ummm so someone told me 
"you have a nice figure, why do you always wear baggy clothes and hoodies?"
and im here like ?
is that a compliment? or a backhanded one? or an insult towards my wardrobe >:( oop- i have a pretty feminine figure for a guy but i wanna start working out and changing that Happy birthday Megamind!! what a queen kinda cringe bro anyways, QB The T irl aww yall wilding you play choices, surely you play this too! - the ads maybe i get these shitty ones hows it still up that thumbnail :waitwha: Thank you Pri!! :D scammers are apparently sending these to WhatsApp numbers and you cant convince me its not a shitpost  do you have sound on? theres someone talking in some language i dont recognise, probably trying to convince you won something hindi i think since the person says "all india" HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! have you drank water yet tho idk why it makes me feel nauseus not sure if i even spelt that right go study!! so my dumbass looked at the clock and went "yeah i can nap for half an hour"
wake up feeling oddly content "wow that felt more than half an ho-" and then i saw the time and realised i fell asleep for 2 hours  your Gaius knowledge actually no, ill take Gaius himself weather experts here are saying that rainy season is about to begin so thats fun mood
looking at questions you took in the past and be like "how did i study for this" blanca? those have thick feeling when i lost my taste and smelling sense it was like warm thick water the nearest campus to me is 4 hours away and its built next to a highway with just street food that doesnt even make sense halloween isnt until some months laters gas themselves? ahh yeah i understand that *hot* youtuber, hmm? https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/578663799972823042.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless ooga? 
never heard of Fire Emblem but you got me piqued i am looking, intensely. https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/805601933317374005.gif?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless why are his clothes shredded to smithereens doe *wooga?* just gimme like 4 months  its alright oh shes slayin it LMAO is that a strap on his thigh boomer he probably has to switch those grapes out everyday mm that a pinecone cane?  looks a lot like a pinecone to me kek is he drunk 24/7 taking the term "its always happy hour" literally *holy* her poor spine https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/935286453313892362.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless good evening fella monotonous but overall fine, you? hot temperature type of guy? ah i can definitely relate 
moving from a technically desert city to a tropical mountain town took a toll on me its been 5 years atleast but im still adjusting down mathematically bad ooof i can hear an impending huge storm its 3pm but its so dark it might as well be 5pm and i can hear thunders going for a good few minutes non-stop i hate thunderstorms aaaand its heavily raining ig i like the cold wind lmao mood but rain is fine 
lightning big scary doe tfw i listen to piano or harp melodies > or a hot guy while im driving
truly awooga moment who in the god damn world finds this appetizing go on, dip the Ritz Oreo in the milk Ritz are basically like salted crackers uuuh happy birthday... invalid user? oh happy birthday Fae!! oh now i see it?? wtf Discord what does "feels like" even mean its 31C with humidity of 90%+ im okay with sun since i was raised in the desert but anything below 28C and my teeth start chattering  eh for some reason whenever i get caught under a light drizzle or rain the next day ive got a stuffy and runny nose https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/878949236039897099.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless we can both relate to the thunder big scary mood  whenever a lightning flash i just brace myself because i feel like i might get struck down  ahh i love winds, can you imagine going to the sunny beach with wind blowing in your face? ~~just try to ignore when it blows sand on your face~~ :( i havent been in a car for years so god forbid my carsickness which is a huge bummer since i love car rides  sands are cool until they get into your footwear eugh it rained really hard last night and today's really cloudy with the temperature below 25C
even with my hoody and jeans i was shivering yeah very >text a former classmate
>we end up chatting for a while
>"aw im gonna miss you so much when you leave :("
>try to think of how to properly reply to her
>end up forgetting about it for a day god i feel like an asshole sharp teefies today was freezing af mm toasty lovely and cozey same leave your dog in a car during a scorching hot day and get yourself a broken window  reminds me of this one person who left their child in a car, then getting arrested and had the audacity to complain the police car was too "hot" aw its not thaaaat bad id record if my phone didnt only have 16GB of storage istg i keep getting full storage warning when i didnt do anything my stuff is a J5 Prime from 2017, 16GB was like the norm nowadays its 32GB/64GB im looking forward to upgrading soon to a Redmi Note 10 Pro with 6GB/128GB back then midrange phones didnt exist either a shitter budget or a full blown flagship rn the chinese brands are thriving in the middle range spec market honestly i love samsungs, had them since 2011 first samsung was a galaxy s duos i got then i bought a replacement in 2015 which was a samsung galaxy grand neo plus also Over The Horizon ringtone is so damn nostalgic literally almost anyone would recognise a samsung from that ringtone Galaxy S4 Over The Horizon best tbh
the violin is on point no idea what crack they were smoking for the J5 Prime Over The Horizon
its so loud and obnoxious paired with the "BADADADUUUM" person singing in the bg Aku i downloaded RC on my backup tablet and the logo is still the old one mara down bad for a choir blonde boy why the fuck do you keep filling up i only have 3 games and cleared out my Sage stash pics maybe its a sign  asiansensation sounds cool doe i would dig up my Twitter account from when i was 11 but
i accidentally got it terminated few months ago :sadclown: "oh hah i used a fake bday date, lemme fix tha-"
*twitter detects i created the acc when i was underaged and immediately suspends it* i used discord since i turned 13 in 2016 and sometimes i find old gc and dms that i cant help but shiver in embarassment when reading > candycrushflappybird
the ultimate fb mom ever wonder what it was like to talk to me in 2016? *yeah* thank god Google+ shut down
i spent a lot of years on there before moving to Discord  G+ was like Google's attempt at Reddit/Facebook go get it!! Ahmea904 september baby! 
doe 13 years earlier than me  you'll pull through, good luck! uhh happy birthday invalid user!! oh HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAX!! i uh recognise 1. bisexual 2. pansexual 3. lesbian 6. straight?? 9. transgender fell sick and im bored out of my mind that i memorised a song's dance choreography https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/935286453313892362.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless i dont have pizza but i have come bearing cattos y'mean the Shipwrecked logo? That one minute turned into 4 hours fellas becareful of this new scam going around someone will dm you and accuse you of being a creep and then telling you to join a server to see the "proof" Mara won the RNG gene game  Charles youre gonna be late for the business meeting me i got an email to subscribe but thats it RC? Romance Club reference??? :O /s 12 tomato soup goodest fish is a no-no for me with exception of crabs and tuna squid maybe i never tried shrooms but im willing to try one they look edible atleast who tf eats escargot here eugh when i say here i meant my town how do i get access to the storyloom chan? danke! oooga
Happy Birthday Mara! same, ive accidentally stumbled upon some works that included images A/C was essential when i was in the mideast  nowadays we dont use A/C ~~because of the power bill~~ we just use electric fans Lord Shadow Rice of Sari-Sari honestly sounds tasty https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/792779806617894913.gif?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless whos that curly haired black woman in the suit? oh god dayum Happy birthday to the Asian Sensation! on god
i just found out my previous class advisor has 9 children. nine fucking children. 
and the baffling part is that she has amazing body and im like https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/908460177597022230.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless -10000 Social Credit emote https://tenor.com/view/social-credit-gif-23976170 where booba probably mobile, i keep seeing more and more people talk about how crap the new update is disabled auto-update gange happy birthday uhh invalid user! happy birthday fallen!! surely Cali will fix their power before banning gas combustion cars in 2035?  "everyone go buy ev cars!"
"oh also pls dont charge them constantly" cash for clunkers scrappage v2.0 time? defo wont backfire america did cash for clunkers back in 2009 ish? i dont remember, to boost local brand sales and reduce emission

it only backfired because people used the money to buy foreign brands and emissions remained almost the same  until America sorts out their shitty public transportation dont expect lower emissions i still cant believe uber is cheaper than ambulances like if you told a foreigner about that they will call bs i also watched a vid of where someone got charged thousands for crying infront of a doctor  never heard of chicken heart pieces on biryani eugh chicken livers maybe but not hearts hey the chest is bussin too i stopped eating fish after that one time i got fish bone stuck in my throat like the meat is really good but the entire biting on the bone just turns off my appetite but canned tuna is the shit frfr i sound like a cat ngl oof my mom loves chicken feet chicken livers are good for people with low blood pressure nothing like having your teacher dump an assignment on a Sunday telling you its due for tommorow even though she had 5 free days to inform us OMG you told *him*? ***him???*** go get em  EEEEE @Metta HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! may Yvette and Carter bless your birthday wtf happy birthday Kio!! birthday date twins virgo babies are getting out of hand welcome to the server Twiggy! hey im a virgo baby too D: aww thank you so much everyone!!! thank you!!  sighh im now 18 years old thank you!!! sure   what gave the idea that i was older?  thank you Milque!! thats fair, i only hangout with older car guys the younger ones can be...
a lot did you change dates? discord hiccup then ig, never had that happen to me something similiar to that happened to me except it was "50+ messages from (MM/DD/1970)" on the prompt pompom cute thank you!! its a kawaii Sage with rainbow hair i thought i was the only one LMAO theyre constantly reusing Witness's soundtrack in Surrender and tbh

*i hate it* i loved that soundtrack and wished it was used more often
*which kinda backfired on me, huh?* damn Sam has a flat ass whoever this is Flynn's forehead  LMAO hes the shortest there i havent updated my app since its not a forced update i lost track of what even is going on after the 1st choice shiii that Drake swimsuit  that evil smile Liam is so cursed altho i do like MC's dilemma/lip bite expression me omw to wreck a family goodnight BB
uh yeah i hope someone would erase my memory and i return to my normal life fixed it for ya i renamed the file and added .mp4 at the end of it https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/652299445861613569.png?v=1&size=40 what book is this MC sprite from? oh no wonder i never saw her damn you werent kidding about the thicc necc after playing games with a lot more expression sprites, Choices does feel a lot more... neutral about their expressions yeah RC has a lot of expressions RC has unique expression sprites succh as drunk, distressed, screaming etc. hold on ive got an asset for one of their characters i do wish Choices had flustered emotes :( https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/697382122838556803/925617078063472651/Romance_Club_2021-12-29-13-11-06.png sorry that pinged oh yeah the color lighting is unique to every book it does? 
nah-
*remembers how many times flustered emotes distracted me*
....yeahhh what are bimbos? hooh i love that thats his full name?? i always thought it was just Beau aight then Beauracracy McGraw mfw she gave birth but still has the bump those damn movies lied to me! :ianwhyyyyyy: Reagan the asian male one wait when did Veronica said that why she no say that to me D': ohh oh 2 id defo ditch Sam for Robin or Sofia ~~maybe both, hey lets poly-~~ is there a way to reject Sam in TNA2? naurrr let my MC be single damn youuu the angst wouldve been fun "but we've been through so much together! D:"
"bye felicia" then theres other games with single LI books that paywall the choice to be wirh your LI at the end else you just ditch them awww poly route with Robin and Sofiaaaaa >MC walks in on them making out during the engagement party
>"ooooh may i join in" eEEEK how does Angel maintain her dyed hair in an apocalypse ah that explains the teal color choices chapters title was the last place i expect to get rickrolled i dont mind genderlocked books because most of the times i dislike how the male sprites look and resort to female sprites :KEKWhands: the only GOC books i used the male sprites were VoS and AME i absolutely loved the hispanic male mc sprite in VoS what have you done he gives me himbo vibes idk bb i simp for a himbo catman, i think we all love himbos ill never get over how dummy thicc Reagan's thighs are finally something discreet it was so embarassing opening my game launcher app in public with Choice's literal smut CG as the icon what book are those characters from? i like it https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/914259285654007928.png?v=1&size=40 NOOOOO tHATS EVEN WORSE oh fUCK ME NOOOO nonononono i dont like this AT ALL oh nice, timezone besties it doesnt custom launchers maybe as in? wHAT oh crap it is wait no thats because it was a sequel its also the reason why TNA3 is in the wide release section oh i wasnt around when the original QB was airing oop sounds intriguing duolingo duck mfw they reused TNA twice in Drama and Steamy im surprised it isnt Surrender in Steamy what book is the Adventure cover from? Nightbound? yep wait tfw that resent wtf shit it did in 2 other servers oof im defo not going to go well with Pops SAME we stan Alana idk much about Carter he does look like a 3 course meal i do know he finds hog wrestling hot sooo https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/914259285654007928.png?v=1&size=40 wow Mara doesnt like scooter boys? :c it be normal Logan's scene at the end was so cheesy slayy what book is that dude even from i dont think ive ever seen that sprite *oh thats why* im so hungry i thought i was looking at Malteser's whomst i played BP but completely forgot everyones name except Aisha crusty twink isnt it canon that Ian is a versatile i refuse to believe Ian isnt packing that double cheeks, MC was just tripping when she was teaching him to twerk MC : "hurr durr you need to make up for your lack of volumes" gimme dat kirby void surprised face pls ngl Mal is tempting me to play BOLAS booba window :takemymoney: SHE queen  mhmmm now im really wanting to play BOLAS whats Mal's personality like? *i have not played ES yet* you pretty much described the catman in my pfp, im in will reinstall Choices just to play BOLAS take your time, the single writer confirmed shes not working on anymore chapters for now :( shes fine, its just 2 of the 3 writers packed their bags and left so shes tasked with like 3 different routes so theyre looking for replacements at the meantime
really hate how the single character whos got me head over heels has to be in fictif im going to be doing it well apparently to google, 1996 up to 2012 is a Gen Z so im a Z? *happy 2004 noises* factory reset time i got my first android in 2012 which was a Galaxy S Duos, replaced it in 2015 with a Galaxy Grand Neo Plus did anyone here got a Nokie 3310 as their first phone? Blackberries as in the fruit or phone werk it damn i feel left out as i dropped the book at Ch.1 because Reagan came off as a creep to me would read it yall want no smut? then no LIs for yall. crap i cant access that channel, gimme access pls?  do i have to be 18? damn have to wait until September then pros and cons of becoming 18
pros 
- funny adult things
cons
- youre an adult this dont look like an angry emote more like "ooh shit im liking what im seeing" i may shit on TNA but damn hispanic Sam https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/914259285654007928.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless Sam summoning ritual which covers specifically tho i liked TNA1's cover TNA2 was deadass horrible for me LMAO to think they also made it the game's icon  oh yeah BB3 is bad too whos even the dude in the cover uh but but but i thought vampires cant feed off each other?? the lore is out the window for that cover ig thats Gaius??? thats one description what did they do to my husband Ian i only recognised the outfit and chin the others were completely butchered ah yes, Beauregard. https://youtu.be/sJh5Iy9IVcE isnt Byrnn's hair the same as RoE's MC's Brother's LI just messier what do i do about 4 if i play modded? yeah righty 3 for me https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/935286453313892362.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless dont murder me pls but i dumped plenty of LIs including 
Chris for Zig (TFS), Bryce for *Ethan* (OH), Ben for Mark (#LH) and Simon for *Justin* (STD) >:((( it would be a *shame* to waste such a good looking sprite  damn anyone else got 3 or less?? dont judge me for crying when i finished the PM series  oh and Rod ending i wouldve got the 2nd one if i had the motivation to finish books i replayed "today im going to replay a book!"
*3 chapters later*
"wow im bored" lmaoo tell me about it out of the 3 first LIs, her slice of drama was too much Chris was just hung up on his ex and dated Becca to cope or smth and then his election stuffs
James making you his fake fiancee and flipping his shit because you kept Prof. Velazquez's secret and "leading him on"
Kaitlyn... hoo boy and then that part where she went to the hospital because of your MC  "come to the show!! its going to be fun"
*group goes there*
"OMG MC ITS LIKE YOU WANNA BE IN MY LIIFE CONSTANTLY!!" wait what book was this i didnt get past the 3rd one ah, havent reached that part because Kaitlyn and her group of girl band eughh "yes we know we made a joke despite them being uncomfortable with it but they have to grow thicker skin" holy shit thats straight-A grade asshole damn MC in Bk.3 has to endure a lot of shit ngl WHAT okay yeah hes now on par or worse than Kaitlyn MC in Bk.3 afaik had to
- finish the novel in 1 semester to keep her scholarship
- help Zack whos missing his boyfriend
- deal with Kaitlyn's new group of friend
- deal with Tyler and Abbie's DISASTROUS relationship
- deal with James's bullshit
and even more  "but thats what friends are for!" imagine if MC lost her scholarship, what would happen to the entire dormmate group? i expect full on war between each of them because theres no one to knock some sense into them oh now thats pain why  shes not even holding the phone right whos the red dress lady at the top left, Aurora? i dont recognise the dudes on the left except Carter ooga, dunno whos Julien but i love they included Courtney CA? or the original oh damb i have a goldfish memory and its showing mf brought Kaneko from the wreckage aw man was hoping to see Trystan tackling MC for a sec i thought this was a foreshadowing for MaH hol up
Sloan in Blaine's outfit?? wasnt this going around a while ago along with the other logo which i think was CoP eugh i wanted the CoP one since it was cute i can barely tell thats Manu if im correct what happened to the mans eyebrow damn android still got the TNA logo someone put him out of his misery this mf is surrounded by beasts that can annihilate her but she just walks away to play CoP extremely based if i say so myself and to think i was gonna read TE for that cover dude https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/927013099209359470.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless this is just cruel >literally admits her love
>flat out tells him that she slept with his brother
>sees him broken hearted and jumps off the plane
>smirk.jpeg
>"mmm now imma hit on this rando instructor who witnessed me confessing that i cheated on someone who loved me" how dare they butcher my boy Troy like this mfs decided if he doesnt get a hard choice in the book theyre butchering him in the ads i-
wh-
whAT? oh man highschooler MC again? god those children's surprised face are a nightmare PB where do you see children that 100% understand whats going on and have expressive faces like that i doubt toddlers would understand DNA tests and then having those faces  NO https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/905208732252766288.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless 38/63 https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/905212961122046012.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless i entered some books and was weirded out how it doesnt count till i remember PB added the word "The" to the beginning of the name WTD and CoP too  whats QB MC gonna do take pics of me and upload them into The T? oh wait QB MC could hog wrestle me ig me at the kitchen store tryna test the spatula's flexibility MC's belly button uncensored?? heresy! lmfao Live Laugh Leave  WOOOO YEAH BABY https://tenor.com/view/cr1tikal-penguinz0-meme-woo-yeah-baby-gif-19316511 PM
VoS
CoP
RoD
MW in that order Thomas gang Jen gang i love her were there any series in game that introduced new LIs in the sequel books? i can only think of #LH where they add Ben as an LI later on ny dumbass forgot about Thomas when he was my LI  half assed tho  yeah other than that, most of them are older books right with the exception QB i wonder if we will get sequels in the future with new LIs introduced ~~kind of been spoiled hard by Romance Club and them adding various new LIs in later seasons~~ whos that celeb hookup option guy in LoA again Marcus! Marcus LI when  oh fuck youre right https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/866494217521332234.png?v=1&size=48&quality=lossless honestly if they reuse Cecile's sprite as a hookup option id be down pleeaaase she would fit nicely in LoA and TPA PB seriously led us on in PM with us flirting with her nonstop we love a hippy himbo