Woa Hey Im not Wait @MaralinaSakura need sum help?

Im trying to distract my thoughts rn Yes I did most ES emotes :rajuwu: :rajthink: :rajowo: :rajcry: :rajangry: Sure Ill send all if you like Here it is! Yw :Rajhapp: Corn I wish i am oof And i wanna do mod stuff > yukki 
@montecito royal 

Hewwo Goals Enjoy my wallpaper Yo mama so ugly

All of the LIs in choices

Become Non LIs I love aster Highkey wanna show my commission sheet here cuz im broke but nah > not channel names, just the server feels so different. For better or worse
@Rayvenrock 

I felt that, its always different
https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/creu-animated-stickers.appspot.com/o/tear_creu.gif?alt=media&token=6fb48d1e-2db1-46fd-a8d8-a1bfb322f4ef Its not that Its something else It feels hollow Idk anymore I just wanna drink again And again Eh I dont care much if it wont end long Im just goin to drink > I agree with Reese, this place does feel like a hollow shell of it's former self
@Rayvenrock 

Lets just say its like eating a burger everyday in your fav restaurant, and then the restaurant closes so you have to eat on a nother one I need money so badly We have alot of shit to pay And theres more Ughhhhh Imma sing in the vc yall who wanna hear No one? Aight Your mom Played volleyball in animation school once Broke my wrist Never play agaib Yes i am professionalsm and chaotic My teacher mispelled my name.... Bruh Idc bout sharing my irl name *cough*deadname*cough* but enjoy this terrible spelling of my name

(My facebook friends will know the real spelling lol) I wanna legally change my name to Yukki reeee My first name is always mispelled all the time I love my custom statud Watch me DM the studio that draws Endless Summer characters if they take commissions Jk But i do want to commission someone who can do the artstyle perfectly My bed is on the ground and i have more wall space I can finally put a ES poster there In this specific spot here.... Uhhhh Guys Did i post an animation here or anywhere? I swore i posted it in a choices server but idr which Its not in the art channels so i must probably post it in the wrong one... And i was sleepy that time... Its a video Where did i put it.... Am i lost It didnt lead me somewhere Its just the artwork of Quinn hugging furball Glad that i posted it in the right channel* Because my brain made tme think that i might posted that animation in a very random choices server, in either meme channels, es channels or general chats It g l o w WOAH The faces?