<3 He/Him, am 18 extra gay chick fil a sus not all enbies have they/them pronouns you see that rt with the billion hashtags on an OH mug? needs more imo
i propose:
#Dolores #Remy #Swan #EthanJonahRamsay #EthanRamsay #Ethan #Ramsay #ER #EJR #Jonah https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/ixcndh/she_looks_so_different_in_a_good_way_ofc/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf why does her name look like that :wut: :wut: :wut: :wut: damn i'm hungry 4 am chicken nugs, anyone want in? air friers are the best *be careful what you wish for cuz you just might get it* seriously tho, ACoR MCs are *gorgeous* we already know that but it's still important information and then there's ILB faces... poor thing's been back since BOLAS and they've been reused 3 times since :hildasad: anyways, the post was made on Dec 03, 2019 before the three this year, that's for sure dang the BSC mcs aren't the prettiest ok is it just me or does (TRR) Middle Eastern MC's eyes look... wrong? idk, i feel like eyes get skinnier(?) happy compared to neutral, at least in my experience speaking of, i just swapped their eyes to see what they'd look like ACOR ME MC is *gorgeous* and *perfection* and you *can't* change my mind oh i just realized i never clarified that oops her file name *is* model god it just feels weird opening your eyes and smiling thanks!!!! :OOF: :gorguetea: :animeglasses: got me inspired to do this tom would love the anime glasses thing maaan, it's so much harder to do an Imogen version :/ :animeglasses: one sec, finishing up on Immy :animeglasses: ok i didn't try on her thumb but shhhhh i google lens flare for the shiny effect and a some brush stuff Imogen after saying your wallpaper sucks didn't she call Richard's wallpaper ||crappy in the party chapter?|| shhhhh :dogeheart: (in a basic run down of how i do this, i assemble the sprite, make a layer under the glasses and paint the white in, motion blur it for coolness (and also because idk how to make it blur radially each), turn the index finger into the three other fingers (minus thumb), turn the thumb/other fingers into a "back layer" since that's not how hands work, it's a long thing) tom's an exception because his hand was perfect for the situation another detail is pasting the angry eyebrows/eyes onto the normal/smiley face for extra smugness ok, now i know how to blur it "properly" so it's in a circle around the frames box blur it sloane after ||having sexual relations with your mother, after her project beat your project so hard it made the latter fat|| ok so: a step by step guide on how i made these:
1) assemble the sprites, feel free to add the angry eyebrows on top of the default or happy lips for maximum smugness
2) make a layer under the glasses, then paint white under the rims. fill as best as you can! erase shadows from the glasses, but only the ones near the actual glass parts.
3) use a blur filter to make the white pop out of the glasses. i like doing box blur, but radial, gaussian and motion blur should work too.
4) (hardest part, very rarely the easiest) take the hand and make it look like it's pushing the frames. Tom was super easy, but hands that are sideways/partly closed are difficult. what i did for sloane and imogen was take the index finger and copy/paste and warp it to become the middle, ring and pinky. i do this so it's anatomically accurate. i darken the thumb so the nail is hard to see and so it looks like it's in the back.
5) crop it. it's a lot easier if you do that and you won't have to worry about the elbows i mean, i have procreate on my phone so yeah https://tenor.com/view/edgeworth-ace-attorney-miles-bow-gif-5742782 stan sloane i just thought of the worst LI custom names: "brother" or something unless someone did me on Tom or vice versa :zoeywink: :garbryce: well i have difficulty getting the post-chapter diamonds wait didn't they have an update saying it won't be compatible with a version of android? F :OOF: bold of you to assume they even wrote those :animeglasses: i kid lol tbh they don't have to have a style similar to the original i'd go with the standard artstyle and change to the original when the time is right unless that's not possible reminder triple parentheses are ||an anti-Semitic|| symbol used to highlight that someone is Jewish. it used to mean cyber hugging, sadly :( https://twitter.com/LRG_Lyndon/status/1316161247482576899 this is like, original PB times, same with Cause of Death i guess it's their first game when they exited EA i wish i could try out MW0 or COD or they could remake it and put it on Choices maybe Damn now i want a book where the MCs aren't humans or aliens dangit I JUST FOUND A CAT HAIR IN MY TEETH :niapanic: PB to Elijah and Phoebe:   



                                                  dammit i ruined the size :( 



                                                  that's better tbh ye even in the ads, they use Hispanic MC i'm seeing someone rn and i'm really really happy :cursed_flushed: he gifted me nitro pb pls make a dark mode and also use your white on dark text boxes more you can also save your progress to Google and Apple ID/Google Play iirc want to know another (kinda) lazily done sprite? the redhead waitress/Tina from ROE. she doesn't even have ears. (ngl, it's *kinda* annoying at how inconsistent the character file names are. sometimes it's nationality, sometimes it's race, there's inconsistencies, ie: eastasian and asian like Cassandra Leigh and Poppy Min-Sinclair, white and caucasian, etc.) :birthdaysheep: :hamBirthday: :birthdaysheep: :hamBirthday: :birthdaysheep: :hamBirthday: :birthdaysheep: :hamBirthday: :birthdaysheep: :hamBirthday: uh yeah i'm 19 now :kaleocHeart: :kaleocHeart: why is dyno like this should we do something about it? How many oct 30 babies are there? OoO :uwuhappy: Is this a witch ritual https://tenor.com/view/dancing-witch-woods-witchcraft-ritual-gif-5474582 what do you call a wizard that specializes in condiments? i give really horrible names ie: my HSS:CA MC and twin are WEEEEEEEEEEEE and WOOOOOOOOOO we have TRH 14 and MM 6 i think so yeah, nothing i think ngl, OH and *maybe* ILB hair are more annoying than the faces old faces can feel new with new hair, but old hair almost never goes well with many MCs imo like, the OH hair with ILB/RT MC ok random question: would it be ok if PB reused hairs for MCs? wait i meant LI hairs :Facepalm: tbh they lowkey did that with TSen hair, BP hair and MM hair they're all the same style with an uneven bob, pastel colors and a braid for reference, EAsian MC yeah, i don't see the bot in the right side thing i forgot what it's called member list? yep, it's offline thx! :cri: :LucaCry: ok anyways so why is ordering at a drive through hard i suck at ordering at drive thrus i cant pronounce stufd it's literally cheeseburger, animal style, fries, shake and arnold palmer fixed his name i couldnt stop laughing at his ||coffee|| jokes i dont wanna spoil the joke later is this a sims store? it's *too* wide imo. the old font never crossed the triangle, the new one *can*, with in-game names. like... why not just adjust the original font maybe it depends on attunement? JEN AND VINCE AND SO ARE IN IL these hands... https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?active_status=all&ad_type=all&country=US&view_all_page_id=857073994397555 (here's the link to view the facebook ads) at least Cevin's a bisexual legend? BSC MC if you want a laugh, check out the stark difference between the songs "music_romance_action_modern" and "music_romance_action_fun" Same :ohgodohduck: not anymore hehe :dogekek: thats fair theres carson declan oops no spoiler zone btq ...true kick balls and throw ass instead es and cant find a sweater My dad does Foooooood... Tell me!!!!!! I'm not a fan of burgers :C I wish I had more false meat. Veganism is something I'm interested in friesss........ I make good fires lol Fries* QB and ILB out of sheer ridiculousness imo what kinda mon am i?  ngl i'm honored to be a legendary's name :uwuu: :uwu: :sadienna: i got MTFL MC look i know i'm a disaster but you don't have to do me like that ok i retook it :fyea: i forgot ash was a character  i got the disaster bi i'm not bi, i'm gay but close enough why did it change also i miss the gigantic **2** is it just me or is the ILITW logo slightly more glowy now? ok i'm just gonna list differences i can see with book covers: ATV: The bottom part around MC and Sol is now blue it disappears when you click it there're no umbrellas with AME1's cover they appear when you click on it Jen disappears on the thumbnail of AME2, but reappears when you tap it BB3 has a red fade on the bottom and BBDS has a different head structure for MC BB1 Adrian's head is reverted to the first, as well as having some kinda flashlight effect where outside of MC and Adrian's chin, and the city, the rest is black TC&TF: the "Book X" logo appears in the bottom right of the thumbnails nope i just did ok this one is specific but the home screen banner (if you last played the book) for D&D2 shows II instead of 2 i just checked the wiki and i just... :sadienna: TE logos are a big bigger and TEWP cuts off The from TE well tbf, you just played it sorry ohhhhh ES is more zoomed in, as well as having Book X in the bottom right corner TJ is also fixed with having Book One removed THM is again, zoomed in HSS OG has Book X in the corner again as well as having Book 2 focus on Emma and Caleb her peace sign is a lot more visible thank god Book 3 has Bokeh lights in the bottom i always thought they meant like "releasing" i'm glad they fixed it HFTH's logo/gift wrap is lower you can now see the sky above MC and Nick also fix Dave's eyes in the cover already, they're blue err, they're meant to be blue ask PB ig still wondering why brooke's shirt is not purple and midriffy in the cover in game, they're blue but on the cover, they're brown OH ~~LH2's yellow background is now a gradient? with a more dark/orangey yellow on the bottom~~ it's always been like that OH is also zoomed in seriously, it's so zoomed in, it looks like the MM cover lowkey PTR is panned downwards. the eiffel tower is cut off, the logo is at the bottom and the gang is a bit higher platinum is zoomed out TRR's logo is a lot... sparklier? ROE's Book X are in the bottom right and are in a different font. it went from print to cursive ROE:N moves the logo to the bottom, and Newlyweds is in yellow/orange with a brown outline ROE1's Leo is now blurred and lower ROE2 is also zoomed out :AAAAAAA: StD's cover is new ish VOS's logo is now in white and is moved to the bottom while the characters are moved a little upward the manor is cropped WT is zoomed in WEH's sky is a lot purpler Witness removes "A BODYGUARD ROMANCE" and zooms it in. you can't see the beach or lighthouse ...chapters? i kid, but i hear that's a chapters thing ok that's enough of differences i can see but don't feel like screenshotting alongside putting another thumbnail cover anyways, np! it was fun comparing also MW is basically confirmed to be a standalone now. all instances of book 1 has been removed from what i can see maybe they thought it was ok because it was similar to WT's ending? maybe they edited the chapter so that it's basically a standalone now? brb gonna do book club stuff after i shower yeah, i also discussed changes that i saw and then there's BP the most major ones are STD and BP but there're other differences that i saw. some big, some small and others sad why'd they take Blades out? :weirdChamp: if you're reading smut, chances are that choices isn't the place since they still don't use *explicit* words i used to stream but my pc is ass :( sims really i just remembered how chat found this sim really hot :MelodySuffer: ILITW I AM SO SORRY isn't THOBM MC a college student? :weirdChamp: that's pretty weird of her, picking up ILITW MC and Noah granted they're of age, but still... :FeelsWeirdMan: i wanted him to be reused, but not like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Inlh7nLC9Ac there is no meme, this is song is just adorable i wouldnt know poki chu sometimes gets these wrong, like Game of Love (AME) being a ROD song tbh i'd wear that the trilogy will stop being released on march 31/21 or some shit :/ i have some beef with nintendo rn so i'll just head out they shut down a ***legal*** smash bros. melee tournament just because they could (they were using official roms and a mod called Slippi that's basically better than Nintendo's online mode), they stopped another Splatoon tournaments's live stream from being... streamed because they had support for the Melee scene, etc. it's been going on for *awhile* and they're different characters entirely BRUH THEY MISSPELLED IT ON THE WEBSITE ok i just learned that alyssa from MW is white ig she's italian Ariana Grande's like: https://tenor.com/view/write-that-down-taking-notes-school-universities-university-gif-17937210 imo, not really everyone knew these were releasing to the public sooner or later for the first time in forever, i changed my pfp uh oh i kinda miss Choices hexagon motif its still there, just not as present the old layout's covers were hexagons it's a little dog eared but it's hexagons covers were shaped like hexagona diamond earned pop ups are hexagonal iirc BOTW really good its a long adventure game i got like, 17/22 i'm 19 so yeah bye sweet potato! ikr, they're dry and sandy also Peyton was both an MC and an important background character name (granted it's Payton) maybe... Blaire? :Facepalm: duh does blake count as obscure? ik two blakes that's a main character in AME he has eyeliner and is a rocker and he made a cameo in PT oh right i keep forgetting about ROE characters lmfao Amari it's gender neutral and idk a choices character with this naem MC name ok i just learned that Elliot is a gender neutral name yeah, according to nameberry at least Finn is one of the antags of Witness Reese? nm, Kenna's entire lineage's last name is Rys/Rhys you cant go wrong imo it was personally my last it's a bit too emotional for me rn while HC sounded fun and low stakes af https://voicechanger.io/ i found the best website on earth i'm listening to a nightcore fight or flight now some of the icons are a bit scary, so uh, be warned if it's on newgrounds, you can download their flash player calling it car insurance would be like calling it human insurance irl also like, what would Cars use as cars? sorry imogen but i'm just not a fan of horses it's an "eh" thing, i don't hate them nor love them ...markus? or what's his face from RCD? i'm just gonna assume you're behind that horse ad that'd be super cool ngl also i'd like a way to disable timed choices some people take more time reading timed choices so ye i personally don't need it but i saw someone on the subreddit dislike them because they're dyslexic eh? i don't understand  they like reading, anyways? they just take more time to read i like punishming myself so ye just play Witness just play the nanny affair... ish just play queen b... ish TNA did have that ||car crash|| THM <3 they're trying to just make the most out of their car crash cg wanna know what'd be cool? if they swapped MC from coming from the left to the right if they're not driving (unless the car's wheel is on the right) and then there's hero mood https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=197532267762563 here's a SUPER old ad and Olivia oLIvia why would anyone over the age of 14 want a mug that says Queen Bee ik this sounds mean but like, i feel like it'd be kinda embarrassing to label myself as like "sassy" and stuff that too at least the mug one is kinda cute? i like merch that's more lowkey, at least if it's not a *big* franchise or just cool looking merch that's more than a logo wait what does the logo look like :O also i wonder why they went with the ingame logo for QB rather than the store cover one i have a feeling people would be like "what's dalton enterprises" and then someone would have to explain that it's a company in a NSFW book imagine they made Poppy a choice for the necklace O_O i hope ||(just padding this out so this looks less sus) X|| goes after her I FORGOT THIS WAS NO SPOILER ZONE T-T can a therapist kidnap MC next? if the world was filled up with a spoilerland member, who'd it be? ||a bunch of Adams|| intense keyboard typing?  metta made it drake should cover Reflection from Mulan this but it's just Drake's dopplegangers and when he wipes off the make up WHOOOOO IS THAT GUY WE SEE, STARING STRAIGHT TO OUR SOULS uh oh is this like one of the few moments where getting the free option is better? exactly like, that one ||bug monster|| in bolas maybe... educational? MY CAT HELPED ME DIAMOND MINE she tapped the top of my ipad screen she was just stretching lmao but still i sent one in #show-yourself :Dopeysurprised: i'm surprised it's here ohhhhh i once leveled because i was like "mal x mc good" and then i remembered ILB deaths suddenly it'd be mildly funny old hampshire too STARBOARD IS BACK happy birthday!!! what is this thing i mean, i found in the kitchen so a little rude sorry it's a curry comb! it's for your horse i had the exact opposite problem with felix from fe it made him darker :niapanic: tank top? i think? THEY WHITEWASHED AGAIN ARE YOU KIDDING ME no CHAOS don't make it worse  ngl i'd consider it they *kinda* did with ES and BOLAS maybe make a bidaily book that lasts about 15 chapters? bad idea but like imagine if it's a mtfl pseudo sequel where ||mc and ava go to a pride parade|| zeph is just crying being the only acearo character myra hss arguably being aro they *kinda* did that in ||the senior|| but it was near the end give me a t shirt any day i got ring fit adventure so yeah anyways, i wish zoey won but like we know the deal with that sub zoey land  to anyone who wants to see a cat go to the voice chat rip my cat is sleeping on my chest/belly :kaleocRNG: some things just never change  note to self: don't work out sore else i look like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48Nc3iwmRXo i never wore heels for more than a minute so uh, probably me too she's Middle Eastern, right? err, Jacqueline 1 https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/17SOFPejcnLuVKwyKjXBtGc4DygfCcl5j it says ME here, but i can't access the files for sure that's confusing D: so ambiguous, not even PB knows for sure but it's ameriCAN, not americannot god, lily's garden ads range from problematic to horribly hilarious lmao ugh, they haven't uploaded a new one on their channel in ages :/ what? welp... is it bad that i smell peanut butter cookies? not the topic but like i smell pb cookies i'm not yeah! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hMfOmqD720 i'm mildly completionist C H O I C E S

S E C I O H C

S E X i wonder how many people actually saw that one gorey, mainly not as bad as Johnathan from THOBM but pretty bad i wonder why they haven't done the "why would you call me that" line yet they'll create an entirely new asset featuring something that's kinda hard(?) to do but they won't add a little easter egg for naming Threep Threep as much as ES deserves its flak, at least it knew about its time stuff also i wanna give Threep belly rubs i know he's not a fan of belly rubs, he's a cat, but like look at him! **no spoiler zone** but no not afaik so my school misspelled "gibberish" also how do you handle reading syllabuses... syllabi? syllabussies? i'm gonna say the last one because i'm a disaster chaotic gay Hello Professor!

There is a free version of Give Me Liberty! available through Google Books, but I am unsure if it is a valid version because I do not know its volume, but I do know it's edition six. I want to save as much money as I can for the sake of my parents, but I'm not sure if it's allowed. If not, I'll check other websites to see the cheapest available option.

Sincerely, (my irl name)

(is this a good enough email for my professor?) thanks for letting me know :) also should i like, make playlists of chill choices tracks, steamy ones, etc.? because now i'm considering it ok ngl, listening to TF is super fitting rn instead of lofi, you're now in the choices universe there really isn't much to talk about we used to talk a lot but neither one of us have spoke to the other in almost a complete month now both, before drifted D: not the cake i was expecting D: it's a butt joke lol PRI yeah! what's the religion called? Cat-holicism? are you gonna ||stake someone at the bottom of a lake||? (ILB spoilers) you can't spell chaotic without cat my name's on my twitch so yeah follow me on twitch for sims 3 streams some day because my computer is junk and all i can really do is like, stream my cat on my phone also if you donate to me, you'll see my full name on the paypal receipt you what it should be in my about tab! ok we got my original username on deviantart, inspired by this dude on deviantart and now twitter: amazingartistyellow or animator they're a cool dude, go check them out, their animations are cool!!!! anyways so we have blazinBlues and then i go to twitter, but the user name is taken so i go from blazinblues to blazinbluecolor and then i get banned off of twitter for having NSFW as a PFP but tbh i deserved it for much more let's just say, i was a shitty person and i'm actively changing that that and BBC was just a mouthful but that's where the initials come from british broadcasting station! oops anyways so i put Ike at the end because he's my husband and for more reasons the "el" and the "er" don't have any origin so that's how we're here with Belbercike it's basically gibberish with a hint of husbando LOVE he's my uhhhh awakening and one of my first smash bros mains Ike from fire emblem heroes origin: Fire Emblem Path of Radiance/Radiant Dawn ICLE? i'm trying to pronounce that lmao bel BEAR ikl? Meta Knight i signed up because of a  barnacle was it chapters? https://vimm.net/?p=vault i'm not sure what you're looking for in general, so i'll just be linking the rom site i use https://www.reddit.com/r/Roms/comments/gar3bc/roms_megathread_30_ybin_edition/ there's also this yall lucky  D: well, i can't be surprised but :Dopeysad: it hurt to read ngl ALSO YEAH THEY ARE NOW WE CAN REALLY CALL IT LIVED i'd take this over endless "it's on hiatus" tbh they didn't mention it as unsuccessful i think it's just that IL's writing crew moved on because ILITW was a massive success i think it had 5 mil views but i think ILB was where either A: It failed because it was too diamond hungry or B: The writing crew was like "Whoa, we can't follow up on this! there's too many variables!" Hollywood U?  sealed foods are fine to eat past the expiration, usually though it might require a shake or stir random question: do you pronounce it as Ehva, Ayva or Eeva? ik a girl who had it pronounced as Ehva the old books will **never** leave us which is why i couldn't delete the app uwu hey maraaaa agreed there's literally only 2 books out right now *and* it could work as a VIP selling point like "wanna know what happens next already? pay to find out!" it depends on the person but going off of vocal opinions, probably they've done "all at once" releases before, like HSS1 but in this case, i think doing it weekly would be excellent mainly because there's only two books hol up, searching it was with LH2, ROE3, ES2, Hero, TSo, and TRR2 It Lives started a month after HSS' release hey, can someone describe me in three words? it's for homework err adjectives good to know :animeglasses: anyways uh, back to HW Hates light maybe if only to cosplay sebastian from stardew this smoker maybe i should give myself a half shave lmao knows what? D: ohhhhhh WHOA it's not relevant to anything, i just saw a very charring roast i'll delete it if it's like, breaking any rules it's someone's self-insert fanfic basically kwote was just a savage like, damn D: neeeeeever mind lmao tHIS IS WHY I WANT DARK TEXTBOXES I CAN ACTUALLY READ  <-- blind :wut: i just realized a keyless way to earn diamonds forever: Binge read MTFL chapter 1 you get 2 diamonds for every 3 chapters and i'm pretty sure it counts or at the very least, read a super short Chapter 1 over and over again i'm testing it out rn lmao THE CHAPTER COUNTS the fastest possible method to creating your MC is choosing the Asian face and then either: Paying for the pink hair or selecting the red bob it's slow AF but it's a keyless way to get diamonds forever soooo ok i'm gonna go a little bit further to see the choices that gets the least amount of taps which saves milliseconds nvm, it doesn't really save much time to choose certain choices maybe then, we'll be able to afford one chapter of Witness i hope we'd see Imogen or just not playing i hope theyre okay i like how it just says "Sex" and it doesn't mention cussing, violent content, etc. it's still 12+ on the app store tho :/ :ohgodohduck: No Absolutely not Ok I'm done lol what. omg nah lmao i just remembered when i mined a ton of diamonds just to buy like, one diamond scene in TC&TF before i learned to save is pirating allowed to share? WHY WOULD YOU WANNA BURN IT i'm just glad they didn't go with like Steamy Meats https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=267821674703434 finally, a none romance ad ALSO HER RUNNING i want spy book now!!!! yes i used to, just clips tho also i prefer the UK versions Episode has writers that tend to adapt real stories, kinda like Desperate Housewives (the PC game i mean) or celebrities. That or original stories created by the fans.
Chapters adapts real books (sometimes wattpad books) and puts them in a Choices-style format https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/lgfix8/findings_regarding_choices_and_nexon_for_2020_q3q4/ i have no idea where to put this but like it's kinda weird :/ STFU i think it's because the bots count as one user elon musk :/ doge just doesn't want to pinged rn so idk lmao i really wish i can stream or watch something on twitch on my switch. off topic yeah, that's why DND exists lmao you *can* ping them, they just don't hear it yall already know what i look like lmao can you keep it? SWEAR THIS ONE YOU'LL SAVE BETTER LOCK IT IN YOUR POCKET TAKING THIS ONE TO THE GRAVE IF I SHOW YOU THEN I KNOW YOU WON'T TELL WHAT I SAID cuz two can keep a secret if one of them is dead i only ever learned lowercase cursive :/ hi face reveal pri's face lmao this is clearly who i look like yall already know what i look like lmao yup, i was asian fishing lmao ~~is that a thing?~~ ok i was on "thispersondoesnotexist" AND WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT? omg ur not a cat? https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=SONsxNu94rE i don't have blue hair lmao https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91nQLYH0cy4 
















I FOUND METTA i always said pri as pree **IS THIS CRIMES OF PASSION https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=718193012417017** from MW to THM wait wtf, where did Volmi's choices art go Sienna's crying there's Ava's parents errrr MTFL Ava she has super supportive parents ,...fair memes what is it? :) THAT LOOKS SO THREATENING no why's everyone here pretty wtf S
Pretty People
O
I
L ... VOS. bolas is a close second but like, VOS bruh espaiol :partay: yep, it's now recolored BSC2 LLL? oh nvm aLuen my catj ust like ran, bounced off of a big cushion/pillow and dashed to my door in the span of two seconds my cat almost blinded me in one eye so uh that's cool ig :( i had a very specific dream like, new smash bros alongside a new mode featuring realistic fighting. i got my eyebrows done very intricately, i pumped a mysterious unmarked hair gel, i played minecraft there was something about fire emblem heroes ocs being the main characters in the smash bros roster, alongside the master and crazy hands being replaced with some god horror hand and a pokemon there was a new nintendo console mood **at least say you headcanon her as bi** **don't erase her queerness** if someone ships Ayna and Blaine, can we call that ship Blayna Pionne = pee on and that's no no also it's Blaitum, i made it up https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/lu4qkn/discovered_a_new_one/ **LMAO WHAT** hi i love oshawott and oshawott only ok goodbye *bel has left the server* so i'm getting the first dose of the covid vaccine uhhhhh https://www.reddit.com/r/FondantHate/comments/lx4osc/this_might_be_the_worst_cake_ive_ever_seen/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf A PIXELBERRY CAKE i've never actually had fondant before djflkajfld https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=229059148924132 **IT'S ALWAYS H!ILB MC AND H!SAM** https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=2856190734655577 **HER HAND GOT FUCKING DISLOCATED** **WHAT** https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=262285332135874 fucking babu ok lmao choices ads always get me in a yelling mood HAPPBEE BIRTHDAY!!!! :immashootyou: and :oliviastab: walk into a bar HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRI GET YOURSELF A PRIZZA errr chaotic birthday https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VqRdpltPB8 and in honor of the gif for entrances https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0s7p1D1CmRM and now for something almost completely unrelated idk lmfasjfkla i thought *you* changed it i blame voltra because i made a prizza joke in vc in PCF on your birthday and she's admin wait *what*? ok i just read everything and i have no idea what's going on lmfao why even interview someone of a spoiler account in a mobile game community. yall already know my name, at least you have a method of knowing so i'm not that scared *and* i trust yall not to leak my name i can't believe i'm saying this but i'm actually buying diamond outfits semi regularly now i have *way* too many diamonds and since keys are infinite, basically infinite diamonds so like, no need to be conservative about diamonds on outfits if i look good i'm trying my best but i dont get it djjskdkskso legit, i had to go to photopea to actually see it never gonna give you up i'd have to say, rotate the image and use a larger one at that, pri. it might help tilt it so olivia isnt slanted it MIGHT have something to do with her, since the og face is upright so i tried something ok i'm gonna try it *without* a knife background. i'm loading here because i don't wanna connect my ipad and pc rn ask PB women must stand with their feet right next to each other hiiiii also theres a writer who tweeted that this was their first project https://twitter.com/michelle_clough/status/1364388229869305856?s=21 it can be flavored baby food wait i just remembered this horrifying dating sim you play as gordon ramsay and romance paula deen and paula deen is obsessed with butter like **obsessed** mETTA I SAW THAT ...a little but still terrifying nope it is not better it is *really really* not i've watched playthroughs, i have memories uhhhh to cursed chat i made fries the other day fries with the skin or fries without? i say skin! i'll try uploading again also you know that face on the stapler? you can rotate that and effectively make them redundant if you only need to staple something temporarily trying out cereal with water it's really bad we have no milk trust me, you're better off doing that its bad enough im eating special k we can all agree that dry cereal is food good this is not food this is struggle meal not that much less than a mugful it was already mostly empty cheerios and froot loops are yawn tier im sorry i dont lie froot loops taste like fondant, i feel just crunchy tbh oreo cereal should just be mini oreos o not oreo flavored cheerios yep, it's called Oreo O's i like milky oreos because of their texture too, post they're fine but they're kinda disappointing god milkshakes are so bad for you, but they taste so good mainly because it's just ice cream you drink don't think i have BSC diamond hair :Dopeysad: if i leaked spoilers, the absolute last thing i would do is try to work for the company i leak imagine living that double life. that is just not for me mine were crappy lmfao delicious looks like so at least there was a dude without a mask so my sister farted a lot to get him away read announcements pls Spoilers are now banned if you post spoilers, you will be yeeted into the sun https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/choices-stories-you-play/images/5/5d/Cracked_Totem.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/575?cb=20171107162227 shouldve been this rock smh pb what is this ad and general spoiler zone it lives april fools lkajflaskdjf ok PB swapped their icon on FB and... im actually happy for once its probably outdated but its a change ill take also Dave looks like tevan ...what im refreshing the page i shouldve known, the logo is different lmao WAIT WHAT IS THIS PAGE prolly a fit well see in the future theyve featured stuff thatll happen later in ads before, like that disturbing grandma ad having an OH outfit and that Sofia CG ok i think the fb ad library is broken on mobile ldkjfalkfj also what is ||life spt||? it's the first i heard of it and google's not helping ohhhhh it looks like a messed up version of the bangs in BB oh hey it was a weird mobile bug, pay it no mind lmao look it's our favorite part of the car hopefully they don't have mirrors :Dopeysurprised: ok this is random, but the last ~~two~~ (edit: WAIT NO THREE) people who joined are also choices characters plot twist: spoilerland is becoming choices land and we're all just choices characters role playing as real life people the closest are Hana and Ava M., which is sad because southeast Asians are many shades :( my dad's brown skinned, for example i missed her, shaksjssksp ...yeahhh for non LIs, Hana's mom and Koh (i think?) are all i can think of mixed race, her sprite says ambiguous i really wanna get back into HSS but waiting hurts me  New computer:  :FroggyStab: I DIDN'T GET A NEW COMPUTER LKDSJFALKDSJF https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=782108412680653 look at how they butchered Jess (and Nicole) in this ad akjflsadjfkl dang, that's weird i tried downloading it but that's also not working https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?active_status=all&ad_type=all&country=US&view_all_page_id=857073994397555&search_type=page it's the first vid cold water is awesome  i have no idea how my parents live with drinking straight up hot water NOT WITNESS D: can't believe my identity is a commodity and marketing point! :D the only books i like out of the ones she listed was HSSCA3(?) and... that's about it? it's maryland ~~i dont know maras name actually~~ it's Mandolin grocery shopping you got some steaks and now you're bring them home HAPPY BIRTHDAY VOLTRA i tried to paint a nail black and see my aesthetic that is not normal lmao guess who got rickrolled at a restaurant they were playing a radio station and ngyu was playing ....yes the choices button in the top left has a purpose now (it had a notification earlier, like you sent a message to PBs staff) i just had this dream where like, mordecai, rigby and some character with Norne FE's voice had to go somewhere because Pops raged and destroyed things, and then the rest of the regular show characters destroyed things. it all culminated into them taking drugs and then in some magical school, they're basically fazing through realities, or at least they think some magical hoo ha later, the random character meets up with her bestie and is warned to go back before the joseph clock(?) struck and then it does (i think someone sped it up), she gets warped into some block in a desk and she has to escape by constantly shifting into the nearest block meanwhile, the headmistress has to get her out by striking her with wii sports playing like, she struck something at the block, STRIKE! plays hey it's creative and involves drugs me not reading babu kept it full for so long  :kek: some of those arent sophie lmao those are her kids she's a mom!! :sadienna: :sadienna: :HAMDANCE: except for that black and brown cat, i used to have. she's sophie's (adopted) sister you know how Joey is short for Joseph? does that mean Zoey is short for Zosephine? ohhhh i never knew about the name, Zoanna names how do they work remember when ROD, OH and TE were all on Friday https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=335188184995957 happy news: we saw Imogen and therefore, IL. bad news, it's a choices ad this features women on a beach soo yeah https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=338427251244356 This is how PM MC got to where they are now non binary peeps get free mac and cheese today it's official i use soundcloud because people uploaded game soundtracks there and stuff the ads are annoying tho hi Aaron! it's saturday tomorrow for west coasters or technically today i was washing and cutting strawberries and omg gweenbewwy MARA DAY command delete im pretty sure i caused that chick fil a sauce shortage homophobia if im going to homophobic chicken, i might as well get as much free stuff im allowed to get! the IL MCs they have cool stories the... how what stay safe and keep away get a VPN and go to r/piracy for better and more reliable piracy sites i had this dream of waking up from a delicious breakfast dream (fruity croissants and donuts) with a key club, playing an avatar game on the wii with my sis and then playing a wii sports resort hack with her idk i just felt like sharing I hope you're ok!! Stay safe, and we wish for your safety! why does pb still use molot for their fonts kjdklsjflkdsaj random question but it's just wack lakdsfldsjaflk also the new font is just it looks like a straight version of comic sans it was a whole shebang awhile ago, when discord went from a nice blurple to a very saturated and ugly blurple it did??? i disagree, the original blurple is more pastel tbh i get it. very low brightness is sexy aw, that sounds painful texas heat is no joke, i get it :samwtf: i misread that for a moment ooooooops FAE im just pissed rn, thanks for the slight happiness where do you think the blue and white came from? Betty White Vibes ONLY sweaty fox i thought it was the sticker i made Pri, ur name rhymes with ugly. i think that means enough :garbryce: i can help in meanness lessons Pri and di ur still whay you cant really spell stupid with out the letters in priyudi Im trying to be mean, is it working dammit for QB2, yes im the mom in mg WHAT i just replaced him! :garbryce: HAPPY BIRTHDAY THIS TIME im calling you Achu now would you get more money for working then go home oh NOOOOOOO stay at school, please ohhhhh enjoy the adventures of Bella Bia this randomized sim looked like me, so we named her Bella hair coloring sounds fun but i gotta bleach it first D: *huh* i never heard of them omg thx!! BARK! his name is Himbeau McGraab mara come get ur manz mystery meat (likely the same material mcdonalds chicken nuggets are made of) you just want burgers, period and that's very ok burgers arent for me mmmmm garlic more like dogeGarlick fair, chicken is amazing beef is not for me, personally understandable, have a good day ,img they're the same picture @ lu sometimes buns don't have sesame seeds hell the bottom bun doesn't have sesame seeds pb and j sandwiches all over the universe: :bartiemad: if you put two pieces of bread together, is it a sandwich the cookies aren't bread but since ice cream sandwiches exist, it's a sammy not always, sometimes cake is only one layer not all sandwiches involve meat lol. sometimes it's a spread, and frostings are spreads not always do you top your shit with pb? or nutella? or raw butter? ...then wtf kinda spreads do you eat lmao butter sandwiches exist lol i misread that and got this Lu eats wars lu starts wars by twerking, then the opposing sides compete for her assection affection* ,img sprinkles speaking of toppings, these are the worst ones (imo) sprinkles are flavorless demons a WASTE of calories cherries kinda suck as a topping, mainly cuz of the pit and marasino or whatever the heck aren't tasty cookies and cream :DogeLick: i dont like them because they don't serve much of a purpose, if that makes sense i never had coffee ice cream, as strawberry is my comfort flavor hershey's chocolate sauce? nay chocolate sauce made from actual chocolate? hell yeah i dont make my own meat sammiches anyways Hershey's Chocolate Syrup is disgusting like, hershey's chocolate isn't the best but it's good for what it is the syrup is BOTTOM tier Kisses are ok they just look like little poops nah hug me brotha mint is a really hard flavor to come around to, so understandable wait look at this Karen from SpongeBob mii i made yesterday she's BEAUTIFUL that's just bad (imo) chocolate milk i hate cow milk lol vegetarian milks are a lot better imo less cow hurting, etc plant based milk is highly dependent on what you get it's basically just water and nut juice but like, it tastes nice aw now i want an appa https://tenor.com/view/appa-air-bender-avatar-the-last-airbender-cute-friends-gif-16235141 why cant appas exist irl or at least, bison that look like appa this universe has cats https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/pdehdj/ok_so_this_is_my_first_post_here_and_im_pretty/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf this was really fun! i ran out of space but my results lol welcome, Atlas! would you like any pronoun roles lol ah, thanks (hol up, i should add that) (i didn't feel like adding all three pronoun roles sooooo is this laziness or cleverness) inch wristing i just ate a crappy (as in how it's sliced) pizza and i'm still high off it lmao supreme so like, two meats, olives, peppers, and something else iirc? food is awesome ngl off topic, i hate wii sports resort for making me look for a single white balloon on a huge island with zero guidance i want a stamp dammit anyways, maybe get a snacc? moooooood another question, are you 18+? we have some channels restricted, like TNA, because it's not suitable for minors f2f? nvm face to face lmao ok, good to know lol wait what what is this gif i couldn't tell you were a fan of him /j anyways, deleting that gif because it was a lot of flashing lights ykkkk i'm in playchoices fans lmao we *may* have VC'd once while playing mc but i don't recall yes lmao i just like r/196 memes inclusive and stupid lmao :O not a sentence i thought i'd read today lmao fair lmao i *did* have a cat named Taco https://discord.com/channels/751463038602969229/774322096327229470/855240762631651348 yeah it's Takoyaki chocolate is chocolate except hershey's syrup that's *not* chocolate help i've been listening to anamanaguchi's miku for like, 20 minutes now DON'T interested ngl :youwot: that is sus pri why @Priyudi you got a new role ngl i forgot gabriel ricci was a person gabe exists ig? idk he does nothing for me .img 1001 gabriel but this man silver fox abyss is trapped in the abyss that is Mara's basement tuuuuuusssssss have her fight bella goth battle of the bellas mmmmm godiva i always thought godiva was a fashion thing h glasses and graphics do that to a man make it canon, capcom sophie is pleased help theres a hot buff guy right in front of me there were two of them actually wtf i just want caffeine and a snack, not two snaccs it's a fucking starbucks in a target and so is an sti im not taking pics of them but damn i cant stop looking thats an invasion of privacy my choices mcs may have no morals but i do sadly you ARE named thee stallion also this poor starbucks worker, she's doing everything by herself  at least you're not a current barb ahhhhh you and drew are an inch taller than me lmao the dudes aren't much taller than yall they're like 5'10ish im just listing attributes so yall can visualize them better they have medium-light skin bullying the talls is fun ok yall get hugs? its all good lmao i just dont have an irl social life since college started after the pandemmy we're lactose intolerant im not lactose intolerant i just dont like raw milk, it tastes like sadness also oat milk i never had it but oat milk good i parrot opinions i dont make opinions thinking bad himboism good thats not how bidets work, drew you... dont wipe? sometimes use both americans are fucking gross and use only toilet paper in public bathrooms poop* yes sleep backwards is peels and if you remove the l, you get pees FUCK YOU code ment ref btw americans are gross, we established this already flashbacks to the time i made thrall drew yall listen to music? i just listen to my tinnitus rid of your tinnitus???? how????? dude, thats literally my life i've had tinnitus for like... ever you can wiggle your ear?? i pop my ears whenever i swallow spit and i'm very acutely aware that im swallowing spit you're talking to drew dumb is what the d stands for that'd imply you have an ass the b in bui stands for butt oh god i think my parents gave me tinnitus we have these ear cleaning tools and im pretty sure they hit my ear drum multiple times Q TIPS ARE COTTON SWABS https://tenor.com/view/parrot-bud-gif-5463671 the gif i posted is a q tip i call em whatever lmao make sure you go to jiffy lu-be to oil up your robo lu in case she gets rusty the only people who arent sad about america are... no one defense or defence chaotic debare debate zed or zee two actually arse has a silent e arse is fun because it's reverse rhyme with arson idk what to call reverse rhyme alliteration? why no s sibilance is a hard word to remember  example he's a virjin he wishes dream cream cream dream team beam ur name is ppl omg ohhhh reverse rhymes are assonances latrina i mean, latina don't be hispanic, be hispeace the world needs peace NO! 15 YEARS AGO YOUR MOM GAVE BIRTB TO THE WRONG THING also robbie is creepy who tf jusr... robbie is a creep since he just forces his creepy side onto the puppet also he kissed trina without her permission there's.... tons of SA in victorious i just think of it as like, Robbie's way of showcasing his inner thoughts about himself also tori was wrong for reviving rex rex was unfunny i mean, dan schneider shows are generally unfunny to me the huge amounts of SA played for laughs is just... why?? there's also how her character directly correlates with her irl issues, ||her abusive mom and her eating disorder|| not to mention white, cis, and hetero ~~off topic but fuck conservatives will go "fuck your political opinions, celebrity" and then idolize right wing celebs like nicki and trump~~ he's still being insensitive she posted anti vax shit she also platformed tucker carlson like, she didn't care that he was racist fox news racist anti vaxxer who's btw, vaccinated aluen i attended some they're fun lmao helll yeahhhh oh no just take it off the air every time mc is thorny name mc rose every time she and sam are kissing, she's thorny i'm in her group chat lmao the worst thing she does is follow ezekiel t(?) and i assume she doesnt know i doubt she knows what he did yeesssss he's.... disturbing go to the belvoire twitter page https://twitter.com/belvoireuni?s=21 it's a fan page, adam you can almost spell study with the letters in priyudi NOOOOO I AM NOT READY basically you make everyone have 0 nerve Tom might be the one who kicks the bucket since not importing will make him lose a lot of nerve but tom is babey bottom babey argh same twice actually both are limited diamond playthroughs i think it's because Imogen dies if you import, since Tom will have a nerve boost and since ILITW is very easy, this will usually be the case yes not Immy ;-; did you choose every single option with parker? anyways tom is key ok yep, tom is key the most low key forced li ever (well not forced but idk how to describe it) perhaps since the game punishes you for not choosing tom yes unless he's the dead one i would know, i did a lesbian free play through and parker died (i imported so tom lives) fuq u apple mac stands for mega asshole computer if i took it, would i be called Dellbercike how so a sus amogus preganant pregnart pregante if a women has starch masks on her body does that mean she has been pargnet before.? bri ish bakery chain you're going across the border for fuckin bread? you what are you able to change to an account that's available to the country? yes presumably did you get like, textnow here, take my fake number ayyyy FUCK YOU GOOGLE fair lmao (go to r/unwrittenofficial for more but uh, this isn't suitable for minors) it may be a 50, but like (mara sleeps in a gross situation)
remember, no employee wants to be a squidward ding dong https://reddit-user-analyser.netlify.app/#blazinbluecolor omg im a kind redditor https://youtu.be/jKtTtfGbYuI D: hey hey hey cmg is lit fam D: shes a she, lol i kinda wanna change it to green because yall got money fair lmao thanks milque! wait there https://tenor.com/view/patrick-sponge-bob-look-at-it-sponge-bob-square-pants-gif-14840416 fixed it lmao her name is milque and milque is white thats why shes in light mode, to match milk IT GOT STARRED we must TORTURE ABYSS just to defuse the tension MILDLY :megadrian: you cant spell yuck without UK WHAT IS GOING ON IN EPIC MOMENTS but spl is another level :cooldown: :pomg: well we need one wait, replace doge tongue with corgi lick suggestion eh? ehhhhhhhhh? borgi no that is cat i still have no idea how to pronounce bourgeoise idk its french i have no idea what those symbols mean tbh it reads more like elon musk naming a child tweety is just our favorite femboy "beloved" also help, i cant find the fucking jack o lantern emoji anywhere so i settled with a tooth and a coffin on my twitter handle i dont get it but vampire  hello yall use snapchat? id eat those but not for 12 dollars its DOMINOS not like idk, red lobster? if i wanted brownies and cookies, id make em myself and i never made brownies or cookies from scratch also theres the brownie called a slutty brownie, which is an oreo, brownie and cookie together so like, whats the point of this (dont ask why its called that) yes, America moment if its not full of oil, its full of calories dont give america ideas i mean, there's deep fried oreos and deep fried butter you know what, i have fuel to keep living if nikocado avocado can get a partner, so can i i will not my throat, tongue, teeth, and belly would deserve better art prompt: make a hot version of this mii or any of these cpu miis no, this guys italian ,img theo mii this is basically black Adrian tho if he had a good hairline, i most likely wouldve chosen him if you dont study in the next 20 minutes, i will spam your dms? thats the most annoying but not cursed thing i can think of fair, i get anxiety at times with dms unless its family or something turns out, i may have add good to know . get out i nothing will beat the nerve system you cant change my mind priyudi pri dangit maybe theyll call it Octopus Game lena would be second place hana would be third her parents trained her in the very art of running and stopping what options are there?  i'm vietnamese so go top right vietnamese coffee is rather popular lol (from the wikipedia article) it's not for me but it has many fans, probably ...oh dear fitting it's a biohazard then ooh, gamer laptop anyways, viet coffee tends to be super bitter and stronk so counteract that with sweetened condensed milk or sugar if you prefer your coffee not so dark it's because youre black black people, black coffee = black enjoyment idk im not a math major yuuuuussss that shits darker than night sigh, i miss when i had 1k im below 500 but thats ok since i barely play new books arent you modded? ohhhhhh faaiiirr ew facebook context? i didnt ping her lol ohhhhh i do it by habit usually unless the pinged doesnt mind Adrian- hispanic
Avery- female
Noah- black
Mackenzie- hispanic
Ava Lawrence and Montjoy- black
Blaine- hispanic male
Manu - hispanic male 
Cassidy- black female
Mason- hispanic
Kayden- black female
Dakota- asian female
Edward- asian (would choose black today)
Everett- south asian male
Gabe- Asian
Adam- hispanic
Hayden- black male
Ian- Asian fe/male 
John- indian
Liam- Asian
Hunter- asian female
Logan- black
Cassian- black female
Myles or Myra- female
Clint- Asian
Nik- asian
Raleigh- female
Robin- Asian female
Rory- white male
Sam- black female
Morgan- middle eastern
Bastien- middle eastern some of these are also (would choose x today, but idr) the goc LIs are all women if the MC is female and male if the MC is male. gay no matter what, woohoo thx mara for already listing hehehe im impressed i remember these my tastes lean to LIs of color, tho depending on whether its affirmative action or actual taste, not sure tho it should be the latter thatd take forever D: lets do it still, finding the faces can be difficult my marco was Black but they were all ugly tbh https://tiermaker.com/create/choices---love-interests-updated-2020-390022 like who you like aaron this is a no shame zone people who werent on the tier list go into no opinion for the sake of space and memory oh right, bastiens and morgans, who go in ok jacks go into dont like because theyre front facing and jacquelines go into very good @FraternalGemini omg i got a bug on my end when i clicked your name shoot the shot and teach em that your milkshake brings all the boys to the yard WAIT THERE WERE LYRICS IN WHO LET THE DOGS OUT OTHER THAN THE ACTUAL TITLE? they just sounded like bg noise until the actual thing came in i agree tho, men are dogs we need a masc version of bitch that isnt dog da vinky did i like how julian is sad finally saved mine i saved mine as guy first and girl second, generally as im gay so im gonna be biased towards males (also looks are only considered) and also theyre hot for different reasons so its difficult to rank both at the same time can mara pls make her username Nightmara for spooky season Gaius Nightmara A Nightmara on Gaius s-Tree-t im watching the theme song and.. voltra, is this true? maam. MLF, i respect your drive but why i am literally neurodivergent and a minor idk why but i feel like shed say something like that im neurodivergent and a minor mentally DREW GET YOUR ASS HERE here i made a mistake and added matcha to my tea i drank it as fast as possible it tastes sourish? yes will she do? if you want south asian, the most ik off the top of my head are Pavarti (dd) look alikes np! cassandra leigh and ryan summers are secret PILFs after all well, mainly Ryan i dont think its available on ipad yet, mara i give up, guess ill wait a few more weeks for spoil tagging  post these in #deleted-channel 1 or 2? also gaaannnngggg fair i'm almost 20, who wants to exchange friend codes on switch so we can play mario party togetherrrrr specifically superstars my birthday is tomorrow @Arzaylea and yes specifically superstars birch* random lifehack find: (drawing) if youre trying to find out how to foreshorten an arm (or leg, but arms are more flexible) make a right angle and place the arm guidelines in such a way when you extend the right angle, you get the perspective as well then youll know what to make your reference pose thanks! does that mean im a dad if you had to hear only one thing for the rest of eternity, whatd it be? for me, cat purrs @kaitoo metta describing his favorite lis wait i need to find your tier list there it is yep, even Nia's in there lol just brush regularly and brush softly hair hates friction, so when shampooing or something, be gentle off topic but meow i swiped right on this dude on bumble because like, holy fuck he has hot villain vibes he looks like a hot villain kio and drew can confirm, you can too if you want i only dm it because i respect his privacy a little i dont respect it enough to dm them to internet people but enough to not post it on a more public mass dm itty bitty tornados and hurricanes ios yes you could've gotten a canadian ios account or something to get it i got this and the fictional one mara got for my red flag also this is my sister's reaction to weird bio guy with 100 red flags yeah she's totally Sophie fruity man knows its a fruity drink MEAN GIRLS 2 IS UP BUT NOT 1? BABAHHAA grammarly is like, a giant in ad space :/ . evil aaron: i dont get called white mans whore (by myself) evil vanessa: i am a good and supportive mom evil guy: i'm not a deadbeat dad tbf, she already doesnt in book 1 evil jake: i can fly a plane because it's cheesy .img gabriel 1001 the one thing i like 1001 for THE ONE  (1) THING everything else?  well tctf artwork is gorgeous but still whitewashy its because theres a huge colorism problem of course, its in the Americas too but colorism is pretty prominent in Asian countries afaik very few and far in between, therere characters that are still somewhat brown like, yep :/ like, light brown as long as they look somewhat white, theyre fine i guess?? heres nishan like, the most theyre given is somewhat desaturated brown they also made Frank look not-plus size but also not-thin so like the art style is ok, but the whitewashing just kinda kills it imo they whitewashed coach Burke too  .img burke he now just looks like a tea bag after dunking it in water i saw this below and. whaaaat? i get theyre aged up to be college students but i dont even think theyre that ripped yep thats White Caleb also caleb is the most popular in china meanwhile, hes the least popular in the states so like TFTC is still releasing it's in book 2 currently so no diavolos also you have better luck with 1001 iirc or remove the eyebrow slash .img diavolos 1001 NOT RELATED BUT YESSSS make him more palatable or some bs .img 1001 dad here's what they did to my dilf, scott  idk what it is, but there's something off prolly the hands ok, ask away! off topic but this is how many people i blocked on twitter  idk if this is completely accurate but idk too much on the topic so yeah tbf i never studied electricity extremely closely either this is all news to me too how do you remember this iirc i learned this in environmental science in 12th and i dont remember anything from the class alsjakska maybe youre lucas ilitw maybe you can give some to me also yeah tru and by give some to me, i mean "i missed an appointment with my psychiatrist who i need to approve my focus pills so i can focus lmao" oh dear, someone in the livestream wanted a WB sequel that's Evil Bel evil bel be like "I like wolf bride" What WHO SAID THIS :oliviastab: she'd be broken, les be real Carter in sunkissed Sadge ...how do they pronounce it? i always said it as "Nev Rocky's" ????? like rack? or Rawck? does it look like we're watching the livestream PB being consistent? crypto bismal "do u take nft?" lul, the whole finale is screwy in time best thing about the finale is that olivia gets a ||milf gf|| got the neighbors yellin "earthquake" 4.5 when i make the bed shake i was making an ariana reference  women are only allowed to be LIs when they're not mc's tbh i really wanted Penny X Kiara whats ur question? fuckin finally liam mailman liam .img black liam i just wish they gave b!liam hair he looks good, i just want hair sometimes .img derek tbf that's what u need to do to enjoy pb these days im kidding mostly but i like dragging pb through the mud TF: https://tenor.com/view/the-simpsons-pathetic-principal-skinner-gif-19732520 watch them bring back TF's diamond story thing no ur watching it on ur computer!?!??! pixelbarrie pixelbartie :pixelbartie: :niapanic: if a pregnant mcs has starch masks on her body does that mean she has been pargenent before.? its pargnet look, spelling misspellings is hard can u get pregante? HISSSS texas  context: i fucking live here daddy ,img kabu pokemon also daddy aw no, the MW mentor lost his dilfiness  Keos old design just has this stare metta's face reveal in 50 years @Metta this u? both sure :zoeywink: :garbryce: :niapanic: its the banana guy in BP .img banana bp shoppers are out and about shit happens really painful shit who changed the server banner to matt wii sports VOLTRA can u change ur nickname to Vatt should we give u a special role? you also drew a bunch of server icons ok omg WAIT IS THIS THE MESSED UP TATUM FROM THE PREVIEWS .img tatum preview his smile's like, wider or something that's like Beta Tatum, Betum if you will yes pls 20 steps ahead :animeglasses: something both or is it drew pierce? prolly Pri MILG sounds like Goat Milk go to sleep!?! ~~jeff the killer~~ i dont have nitro but :gotosleep: its white nouse India did yassified drew change entire races!?! male one scares me a little, he looks like a chapters character screams in enboy you cant self insert if you're not white/Black/East Asian/ambiguously brown i feel i feel like 2nd Person is what caused this lmao wait can we make one an emote left is boring toxic masculinity oh god, no ma'am, teenagers irl and teenagers in choices are completely different unless it's Big Server OH MY GODDDDD ARIANA GRANDEEEEEE SHEESEEEEEEEEE  unlike me but these dudes are celebs they're not celebate hey, self roasts are fun blacc friday a carter body pillow can you yassify her tattoo ALSO LOOK AT HER NECK THE FOUNDATION IS A TERRIBLE MATCH i want her to submit one of these as a college assignment by accident dont act like you didnt eant to romance garrus .img yass we also need to add Hit the SLAY button WAIT I GOT AN IDEA I CAN FUCKING MAKE A FAKE CHOICES SCREENSHOT HOLD UP .img ethan glitch .img pov my mc YES .img long nose .img britney spears .img miley WHAT yall, i found a leaked screenshot of QB @FraternalGemini yassify her, please ,img hit the slay button if anyone wanted context WHY ARE YOU WATERMARKING A 2 MINUTE MADE MEME .wait why is your pfp Bartie THE BANGS theres a full stop! jake is the only white man i will simp for. ~~simps for more~~ *cough cough no spoiler zone* well, at least the last part lol .fair enouh BB, MM, WEH ig just make Veronica's last name Match Originals had an MC system where your MC is on every cover they'd rather make CGs of characters we'll never see again  shoutouts to me wearing a surrender style outfit everywhere  it's more or less one character being changed. maybe two depending on the book like single LIs/sexy covers also Ogs had episode levels of customization with MCs i quite love OGs style yeah it's a little weird but i grew to love it .img originals choices still an iconic style, even if the heads are a bit big they wanted to test it out to see how it'd do first presumably, it'd be more expensive? because OGs was already really expensive, hella gorgeous CGs were everywhere the game also had a very, very limited music budget like, only 3(?) books actually had an OST from the time i played wait is that indian john in the top right .img indian john it exists in the files too .img surprised haley :hello911: WAIT YALL WHO WANTS THIS AS A STICKER can't forget QB YEAAAASSSS I played the og trilogy WRIGHTWORTH IS FUCKING CANON, FUCK THE CAPCOM CANON like edgeworth has 2 hands mara no dude he's literally everyone's first thought when it comes to himbo no kronk wait no idfk also edgeworth t||ools|| gumshoe it's the only way he gets the salary mildest spoilers, gumshoe gets his salary cut a lot and with the way gumshoe sucks up to miles...  they got something going on i already played the entire trilogy lol puns the whole game is puns "dick gumshoe" = detective detective for example Cindy Stone... you act like i never saw the joke before puh leez there's two himbo flags lol which one frat why the ugly one  make mcgraw a mcdonalds worker you when you see a man the one with gumshoe i think but the mcdonalds one is funnier the white one should be easy to guess SEE i wanted to try this app called mechat but ehhh i forget easily thoughts   double   ik what tbat is i couldnt stop comparing them because similar art style ikkkk their intro vid had voice clips  ...ngl i'd want to get hired for this shit i mean va because it seems fun also like, i talk to myself a lot so and people call me ma'am on the phone occasionally so i think i'm pretty fit for androgynous voices I THINK WE ALL SING of course, the acting part is tricky i basically finished it ...day of tho some parts i did skip because they weren't vic related nah i got time to blow off and pretend i'm too busy @FraternalGemini evil idea, summon a victim instantly by summoning uber bot via matching phrases https://krikienoid.github.io/flagwaver/#?src=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.discordapp.net%2Fattachments%2F751469976359141417%2F914310623293227118%2FC3534D81-1805-4067-8421-04BBE0023EAD.jpg&background=blue-sky @FraternalGemini i promise this isnt a virus OH YES hehe @FraternalGemini im in ik this would be a lot to ask but rim lighting changing based on character moods BEGINNING? gurl, you havent simped from the start? @FraternalGemini yo i found a country we need to go to uniqua CHARGE YOUR PHONE come back when it's triple digits pri can u make ur username treeyudi or priyutree i dont have access to nickname changes lmao yassified trump it's not a high bar help theres hot man i'd love to shoot my shot but like there's a 90% chance he's straight and/or taken-- never mind he left he looks like he skipped leg day tho D: buff, one armed tattoo, white guy with brown hair, very short hair and a beard. pretty tall hell yeahhh what chu eating i'll hopefully be home by 7:30 but idk well 7:30 cst gorilla glue grip carters fit and crashes into other people for a hobby im sure his back will be fine off topic but yall know gorilla glue girl? basically, girl ran out of hair gel (got2b iirc) and used gorilla glue, had it stuck for a month, got viral on tiktok and eventually got it removed she wanted to sue GG but idk what happened a few days ago, her hairs now falling out :( she tried to dye her hair but because she still has the glue in it, it reacted badly :( on the fun side, she made a rap single hello ew dude, thats literally her girlfriend how fucking dare you i was kidding about the gf part so mias into her off brand self? yall know what her name backwards spells aim a yam well your first issue was going to dq for the fries your second is not liking over cooked fries ,img mcdonalds tenders yep also, your sentiment is agreed, mett met gala usually it's ice cream ,img jp licks you can tho it just depends starbucks afaik, no ice cream yall been to an applebees? pikachusetts there's this chain restaurant called Kura and they serve ice cream as a dessert lol never been to one sonic is ok me masc ame mcs are blaaaaand pb could do so much better  tbf tp is just butt tissues yes hissss dhick fil a she prolly thought you lived elsewhere like, midwest? ive only been to like the boujee areas at least you're not texan, aaron texas is just eternal sadness and greg abbot norcar hey i live in texas the best thing about this place is that viet food is the most common here since vietnamese is the third most spoken here i'd love to go anywhere but here  it's usually viet here, but japanese, thai and korean are also present i'm calling Michelle Nguyen or Jordan Le or.... uhhhh Elena Vo? (fun fact, vo's my mom's surname) i give up she's the random old lady who gives Lily her fit that's literally all she's there for she has a last name but not MC i only complain because MC's the only character whose full name isnt in the textbox ......yeaahhhh would've been better in hindsight  man, they actually gave Elena Vo wrinkles on her neck and stuff idk any other modern grandmas with that level of detail in pb aren't yall tired of white guys with light eyes i mean, yea i am men are fucking annoying it's an if you seek amy thing britney spears it's a song yeah britney's awesome fuck you i'm misandrist anyways the song's chorus is "love me, hate me, say what you want about me but all of the boys and all the girls are begging to If You Seek Amy" and If You Seek Amy basically says F U C K me i dont get it we're choices fans that should say enough good lol she's free iirc so like, yuhhhh i hope she sees her kids  ,img britney spears goku art lu, do u live under a rock she's so proud of her kids art i love her oh right look, shit goes over my fucking head piece of me legendary TNA isnt that just Ian happy early Adam!! um what is this prolly not later sure it's not on the big screen but it's free random realization: two of our most prominent trans masc members are gingers idk about abyss, but fae and adam are gingers oh ok, got it, Adam! sorry, Adam! @FraternalGemini that you? that's quite generous i give him a double 0 to represent ||MC's death and Gaius' tree wound|| FLUFF joke new years is in a few days should i add cheese it's an "idk just throw shit in" dish stirfry i'll write the recipe down in a thread so it doesnt clog up chat your words not mine americas read was as twat? tbf they're both nsfw words tbh we should have 13 months, since (if we make the current months we have each have 28 days) 29 left over days are found i just did the marh lmao also august should've been 30 days because july already had 31 days also it's kinda weird to me that winter/summer (depending on hemisphere) months are split up by the year can it just be rich people competing is it because she's bri'ish i have one more week til classes so yeah also i am just gonna do at home classes til the pandemic is over. this shits getting worse WHY WASNT THIS STARRED maras name isnt mara irl? no its lina sakura is tho rob anderson hot i spent almost 20 dollars on this hand for size comparison why yes, i do call an old friend "my dear friend" jesus christ, how many cities did she break???? ...i just realized kaneko is just asian snape .img teppei they have the smae hair the same thin nose only difference are the eyes i feel hunny, i'm in a server that simps for choices dilfs like him, scott and drew get with the program :snap: what would that even sound like like.... pFfFfFfFftTtTTt? yes https://youtu.be/AsM1KDn0qGA age is close sign isnt im a 20 scorp ey, were both apparently 22 year old cancers yeah, they got the numbers in reverse they meant to type 62 that or were looking at it upside down and its supposed to be 92 OH3 in the bg WTD and literally everything else except cop ya know what, if its goc, its prolly popular in the fandom or #scary-content-only tbh the second image looks more like clarissa's haircut .img clarissa i hate that i can tell that that's clarissa's haircut cant forget secrets and its OH clone with an ACOR hair and Victoria Fontaine classes in general are a violation of me sleeping rights place your bets i have my bets on chocolate guy, probably tbf you never watched spongebob runner up is Big Meaty Claws guy flats' stamina is something to behold but choco guy's is even better please tell me youre getting it on sale oh hunny 15 dollars of steam summer sale also you can get base game and another for idr, 7 bucks? oh right ~~steam supremacy~~ arent those the kwanzaa colors too? evil color hehe god i love having that exploit i got from 50? diamonds to 230 in a two days you type `_ _` just don't spam it * * wtf are yall doing no more spam of da ** ** underscore's faster imo get to discord darker, carter cursed idea: have discord speak mara's tree fic internalized racism https://youtu.be/QmyMRa0G8PE you irl getting drunk is overrated ~~never got drunk before~~ https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-bros-close-brothers-closer-gif-5348483 im not an alcohol person, my opinions on parties are just fun get togethers where we play a video game and eat 30000 calories its dunk hunt final smash fArt its smash ult, half the final smashes are the same like, alcohol or person? because if its white russian man, i have a gif to send i meant aaron duck hunts just press b oh https://tenor.com/view/white-mans-whore-cry-tears-sad-gif-15107776 this was the gif you shouldve seen this from a mile away, lu veil of secrets youve also seen his bald versions in BB and FA like Mr Klempf and murphy .img murphy NAUR because random ughhhhhh nintendo, fix your joy cons i tried drinking before and every drink just tastes like someone wrecked a decent drinks aftertaste ethan body pillow yvette body pillow .img tommy avsp its not cyrus  id pass gas .img cyrus like, completely different facial structure imo lu, theres a difference between you and me i have no life you *do* what do you mean? how do you share a life no travel, no existence persons a bit of a weirdo for posting the hss lis tho on their tumblr just scroll a bit like, ilitw is pushing it since the mc is 18 exactly why this tumblr is sus ~~hss~~ grandpa from es .img uqzhaal ig so the one character who can die in LH cowboy  just watch kellys playthrough of LH .img paolo blaire hall is cool is it just me or does he look more like a MW character than a ROE character like, his shadings smooth as hell .img nikhil mw legit, he looks more like a MW character than Nikhil he wasnt he just looks like Nikhil and the shading is like Sams .img samantha random opinion: mw artwork aged the best out of the og 3 books .img kenna premium kennas neck WHOS THE ARTIST I LOVE anyways, whenever shes in something that shows off her neck yeah like, her posture aged poorly also doms smile aged horribly .img dom smile too wide? it doesnt reach his eyes? YOU WHAT shes Tevans sister yes .img tevan his art aged pretty well, tho a bit too realistic? i wish he appeared more often smh like, i appreciate the attempt to give her different posture but it kinda, doesnt work here theres that COP dog who has rim lighting on the left, which is an MC thing since MC almost always faces right theres that one technocrat who had her hands on her hips and i love her but she was 30 diamonds soooooo i love her shes too expensive tho but anyways, old sprites had much more unique silhouettes meanwhile, modern ones barely have any outside of hair I FORGOT HOW TERRIFYING UER SMILE WAS shes a hot mom but my god, dont make her smile but like, shes so gorgeous otherwise  i just realized helenes hair is used on that one npc god, i freaking hate it when pb reuses her sprite like, she sticks out like a sore thumb ..i feel hurt oh no i mena like his body for mc sprite, pb BAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH THIS FUCKING NAME IS HILARIOUS WHY trystan .img trystan .img noa IS THIS A BLOND TO YOU literally the only difference is the genre .img otis hell, he even has Logans shirt hes kind of a foxy grandpa who says she cant have two girlfriends? mara, youre average heightish why do that when i can have a forever gym at home with ring fit adventure https://youtu.be/GIWiElRymd4 put your hand on your heart and face the flag reverse jett .img jett this is lus inverse DIDNT SOMEONE REPOST ALL OF TRR??? ok so.... i found a different TRR knockoff and... wowww apparently so to get TWO knock offs prolly just book 1 before it got deleted the one i played was still releasing oh god, the one i'm playing is just a heterosexual version and barely changes shit besides dialogue i thought the cover was just male hana but no, that's bertrand probably not, considering another knock off is no longer up i wont shit on them for the crappy english, theyre presumably amateur writers and they may not speak english as a first language but i will crap on them for plagiarism omg i didnt know lmao she doesnt even go here! oh never mind i didnt see the roles and thought it was someone who left  happy birthday Amethyst! i demand more characters with resting bitch face, pb make it happen https://tenor.com/view/yassified-yassification-yass-yass-queen-yass-pills-gif-23900607 nooooo because they probably fucking are, Kenny i will unviolently enforce people to not wear shoes because idk where their shoes have been feet >>>>> shoes that stepped on shit yall dont leave towels all around the house? burger king foot lettuce the last thing you want on your burger king floor is mara's foot fungeous, but as it turns out, that might be what you geaaat top tier in the foot department drew? he looks like aleister i just wish they added Ina's signature red lips .img professor ina kingsley i get why they wouldnt include the outfit since it's spring but sigh she really needs the cosmo and wanda couture because mixed zoning bad for some reason aoc i skipped over it because i dont think itd be my jam std was... a book like, everything outside of justin was dandy but everything involving him felt horrible the sims should make a piracy expansion pack and make a "uncomfortably close to irl capitalism" with endless in game subscription services but it's 2sday two dollar marg day https://tenor.com/view/happybirthday-tylerthrcreator-bitch-what-is-gif-5277265 not sure there's like Kano's assistant in BB i meant the dude lol is this specifically east asian or is south asian also cool because there's Ajay's mom oh i need to read more lmfao there's Hamid in DD because he's middle eastern well bolas didnt bomb ~~joke about cancelled sequels lol~~ WHY ARE THERE ALWAYS HOT GUYS IN STARBUCKS it's like a rite of passage or some shit i think so this ainr the first time it happened twilf https://tenor.com/view/the-simpsons-bart-simpson-grampa-simpson-old-man-going-in-gif-17818438 fae coming and leaving they just lesve and come back a lot sorry happy holi!  why did my dad say that purple is a feminine color? i feel like pink may have become a fem thing due to male flight like, receptionists, cheerleading, names like Lindsay, etc  i lost all my wordle data because i deleted internet history  i cant wait for the switch strikers odjddksks i just want pauline why did i think the middle was liz gillies tag yourself, im cautious depressed is a close second personally hermione hermione hermionie! 8pm i love 24 hour clock i love not messing up with am and pm we want her to run away, no pass away off topic but i just finished an edit it's how i feel whenever i make good art lol sims players irl off topic again; yay or nay for this gender neutral name: Mich or Michy? idk why i thought that but i did anyways, here is a call out to Rucha theres a reason why the bi flag has purple it's squirtle anyways, mine's prolly oshawott or a kitty pokemon i'm a sucker for cats sarcasm for you genuine for me squirtle is adorable and i will protect them OMG THE LEGEND HERSELF  my sister's roomie found this dog she's perfect idk i think she's a stray and idk her gender i might've named her tooto because she has different colored eyes they removed that last panel on the website, it seems https://www.reddit.com/r/StoryloomPB/comments/twonbm/i_was_chosen/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf someone's also sharing their playthrough experiences everett can be a poc, checkmate wait, ill do you one better lay gordon ramsay happy ace! my face app sub is running out soon  yassidy ann update, my yass pass dies on the 25th for 15 days but like, apple gave me an email tbh i'm not sure if it's great criteria since poki chu's sex songs tend to do very very well like, the QB sex song has 116k while the theme has 91k so there may be a bias towards steamy songs on youtube hell, 2/5 of the most viewed tracks are horny songs while the others are a battle, a horror, and a sad song it's obviously a small sample size, so grain of salr and such yes battle and horror are from ILB they're good songs, but they're a bit busy for me during sexy times i like atmospheric songs, personally well, specifically during reading not arguably, it is lol it was used in WTD, for example and also FA for "intimate but not steamy" i guess Astrid and Craig are happy in that one ILB meme if you want more examples, THM's most viewed track is the sex song. PM's 2nd most viewed the sex, but that's a bit forgivable since PB also uploaded parts of PM's soundtrack the 2nd most popular ROD track is a steamy song (that's actually AME's)
LOA's most popular track is its sex song however, these are all pre-VIP-everything books, so i'm 99% certain this isn't accurate to modern song views oh god imagine the world if specifically James/Kaitlyn/Chris side stories gave diamonds core entrance https://tenor.com/view/sleep-patrick-spongebob-cry-gif-10759658 i got the site for u lol https://m.wcostream.com/anime/spongebob-squarepants very well https://youtu.be/sNL9sibgA0k would this make for a good ringtone cant believe Rucha lied about her irl name, its actually Linda mmmmmmm sweet ,mmmmmmm cinnamin yall, look at #server-door literally just an empty message from carl oh hi kaito ohhhh it's funnier out of context mara, how dare you spoil the mystery yep unless its in #and-now-for-something-different i just thought of a pretty good pun name, for twins: Gemma and Nye @ frat i want AA7 or TGAA3 to name twins Gemma and Nye tbh same but i played on the ipad so i cant complain wait, is there an option to yell objection and such on pc? its there on ds that's an issue, not an issme congrats mara, you got the whole squad cringing yes time out  who's the most unhinged mod in spl? i vote mara me after not seeing it but imagining what happened involving donald mara actually rn she secretly enjoyed posting that cursed image ethan when he's not in a dark mood i have way too many of these  they just have this one emotion choices faces just don't have cottage core book when pb wheres the wii remote oh there it is white on white  however, i wish i was 15 omg same! i also briefly had a PS2 with like, scooby doo? but it lasted for like, before i was 4 i also had a lot of fun on GCN, even if its only Sims 2 with my sister i played a ton on emulator, even if the controls werent official never forget! what would you make it say ik this is a joke but those look fucking delicioud fanfic called ILW, it looks super official i think the oil is whats hurting if they were air fried, itd look yummier prolly dont be shy, drpp the link or stream it the other link will we get to see voltra yes pb'll prolly take a big paycut if you make a lot of revenue but thats all i can think of bruh there's a subreddit someone's been leaking screenshots fjsjdkskelw so i think we're fine oh i wasn't meaning bruh tto you specifically, sorry 

like, in an emphasis sense? i was about to eat oatmeal today but it turns out bugs got inside the packet skill issue on my end the colors will stay tho 9, possibly 10 the elephant's trunk, eye and ear make two fishes and turtle and i think i see a stickbug discuss my innocence my potential my will to live i wish i was drunk so i can dull the ||constant pain i feel from existence|| cw: depressing text and i dont even like drinking HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANSH MotY how the fuck do people gas themselves up in resumes my self loathing is so bad, i cant even list skills gassing someone up is like sucking up like lots of compliments, making them feel nice i remember this hot youtuber saying that so like i adopted it are you into fire emblem by any chance two games have hot cat/wolf/animal boys like your PFP it's not a dating sim 99% of the time but the character writing is usually pretty good also i love this person and they barely even have a character. they're just really hot djekdjjsksks i havent even played PoR or RD to completion mara ma'am, i was on chapter 9(?) of PoR and i watched playthroughs of both RD and PoR you act like he's not in smash bros you have a +10 Bricaiah? whale whale i had a +10 Brave Ike before i quit mara wait you spent your forma soul on rinea? i dont even remember most of my +10s all these merges and she doesnt even break 50 atk i think i forma'd claude and shannan and i totally would've done fike too if i hadnt quit but anyways ma'am that is Bridal Catria's doing my +10 list is Astram, Aversa, Geese, Seteth, Felix, BIke, Aversa, Flame Emp, Kaze, you act like i know what's going on i just know Chrobin is just a powercrept version of L!Chrom wait you dont use Safety Fence? thats kinda crinj i joke i dont know anything about AR i used to just park Lancina!BIke or Lancina!Bector since i didnt have Special Fighter or whatever other Fighter Skills are out occasionally i'll Leif!force but like too much brain usage i figured because Save Skills and bolt trap is bad i think you can kinda use it if you have safety fence but idk i remember quitting after pulling L!Claude because i didnt even feel happy when i got him and like i think i realized how sick of the game i was because powercreep however i haven't played in like, years so idk the specifics. i think it was around F!Edel's release i know they made an actual PVP mode now i remember trying to quit once and then they released Dieck and i legit just got back in due to thirst and got him for pretty cheap iirc WAIT I FORGOT HIMMMM saber is hot  YEA it's how damaged art works in FEH clothes usually just burst i will not link anything since you're 17 but like FEH can get super fan servicey with their artworks. particularly of the women it's not like, 18+ but i don't feel comfortable sending it anyways hell i used to play the game since i was like 16? it's literally food wars it's so fucking evil that you can't choose both in the origin game desert clothes according to IS it's like pantyhose idk what the torso version would be, but it's like pantyhose he IS tan tho so yea i love purple haired sexy characters gotta be one of my favorite genders this is from hades but like, another example of hot purple hair idk it's a thigh ring or something it's ancient greece man he has grapes in his damn hair because he's the god of wine nah he just ferments them probably that and again, godly powers i think a grape staff? he's the god of partying so maybe he does cool shit with it yes he's blushing for a reason yeah pretty much you're exposing yourself @summer byleth i used to love cuboon's art like Tana but now the extreme fan service is just sad i also dont like how much they emulated 3H's art style idk it kinda looks like they stopped shading with how low contrast the legs are ~~kakage's among my least favorite moderns~~ it's just mainly how they draw faces azu taro's nice but claude's skin tone i get it's pastel but  i feel like Suzuki Rika's the best artist but her R!Ishtar's posing is pretty awkward sigurd and eldigan your opinion is invalid it might've been if people here designed flowy clothes instead because fun fact: if you're not from New England, your clothes are probably not designed for warmer weather in the states https://youtu.be/Y6ppuzAlYOs this is literally you learn how to bend and snap, drew sir, anyone can bend and snap no matter the age, size, or gender if he doesn't practice we all have backs, drew you just gotta learn how to work it! drew IRL i'm both at the same time red gay = firey personality. you're energetic
blue gay = icey. you're calm tbh i only recognize three of the couples Klance, Wrightworth and Korrasami you'd recognize Wrightworth if you ever get into AA once again, it's available on mobile! so like yuh or you can pirate it with a DS copy or watch a playthrough it's a Visual Novel anyways so like, gameplay not necessary unless uou like solving puzzles yay! TGAA's just not piratable on mobile tho so you're gonna miss out on hot racist ~~dont worry he gets better~~ you're in SPL we can tell replace him with Snape or maybe like photoshop Kaneko onto Snape .img kaneko smile his smile is TERRIFYING he's a dilf but not with that face i cant tell what's off but like kaneko looks terrifying when he smiles but otherwise, he's really hot .img kaneko tattoo he should've wearing a tank top  yes well PB already sorta did that with VIP i like the new system but like it kinda sucked for say, WTD or COP specifically but the new system is honestly better than just waiting 4 years for MM and SB

update: it was actually just a full year for mm hes just an eboy or goth goth on the weekends gaydar i love thunderstorms because it means i dont have to listen to my thoughts or tinnitus i listen to kenjiro tsuda asmr if i'm feeling fun, maybe daisuke ono oooo what are your squirrel moments? mine happen when there's a cat near the road or a hot guy while im driving usually he's jogging texas guys tend to be on the eh side but toned shirtless guys are a treat every time i see one or when i'm at starbucks and i see a muscular man the kids on their phone while youre watching ~~not that i'd call you a b. i use that as a compliment~~ wait pri make your color blue in honor of Olivia nah, id say red fits Olivias persona better olivias chaotic and stabby hmmm tbh itd probably taste pretty good if youre into sweet and salty because ritz are just bland and salty so the pb combo with oreos prolly works in its favor birthfae rare selfie of me oh god anyone wanna see the german burger king for burger day https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/749918369620164682/980957304235118682/IMG_7758.jpg CUTEST SHARK ATTACK EVERY  this is why i want a blahaj i'd name him Shork Mr Blahaj will not because i am not bleeding maybe it's part of the story? what book is this in aww, im sorry thats happening maybe its connecting to a bluetooth headphone? it's just a gif .img maggie cannibal im accusing aku of suggesting maggie as food HES 14!? this is the cat lady version of @DaHomieDrew same last name and they both adore pets idk about if she's you know tho idk if she listens to lady in red or drew since it's gender neutral i was mainly talking about surname lmao she should also be plus size but eh idk what the fem version of Kevin Nguyen would be Kristy? Crystal? because i knew at least two Crys-- viet girls wait Jenny i have never heard of any viet girl named such, and i live in tx texas has the highest viet population state-wise for context huh i think i mistook Viet being the 3rd most spoken in tx for being most populous tho i cant say im surprised cali has more cuz it's cali @Akuna Matata off topic but like idk why i felt like posting this nanami kento and thats me zooming it requires a two finger drag had a weird nightmare lmao if anyone cares, i'll share ok so i went next door during work because a super cheap discount store was there and after waiting and telling them that my name was phoenix wright, i binged some ice cream and stuff and some kid made his way in, and he didnt speak english iirc, but he's been living inside the place, unbeknownst to the owners his sister tries to hide him, the owners find out, i get a magnet and start picking up metal shavings then the kid burns the place down, i run next door needing to call the firemen, i wake up i do not know tbh nah, i woke up before they showed up iirc, the shaving got on fire so i got spooked since they were everywhere turn up the volume btw i'm not using my irl name so mine would be Belka1001 five letter names that end in A don't get to have fun sadly @ rucha four lol tho my english nickname is like 7 i got blessed with *two* gender neutral names lol at least it wasn't a brooch or something on her chest sparkly.... so im dressed up in trans pride colors so thats fun i posted the wrong image lmao if red bull gives you wings, then i work at kfc what does that even mean @Belbercike because F A S H I O N please tell me you took photos WAIT IT WAS YOUR BDAY?!!!! HAPPY 19 BIIIIIIITCH make me hungry because your diva has arIiiiIiiiiIiiiiIIIIIIved @ mara theres a reason why i kin Percy Jackson and it's because i have adhd and i cannot read https://twitter.com/fittingaa_music/status/1341791190384041984?s=21&t=BAcXQVsAUGgHjbKIazaj7w tag yourself it's official companies in about 17 minutes in my area the limit was increased iirc, it has to be 6 in a row now now im emote no more emotes  ~~are they edibles~~ i mean, are they yummy??? eggstract the information outta him eye reveal @Brohepsi dont ask free him  you can get them, it just involved crime dont ask about the ping ig YEAS @ THE GANG AARON DONT BE SHY well not mara because she's bri'ish oh wait i didnt mean @ here  i meant like, drew and co awww what movie! okiiiieeew omg us well at least me ms keisha thats me at the end i got 9 do you hate any of them got damn ag fries can be vegan it just depends on the oil cuz if the fries are fried in the same oil as say, chicken nugs, theyre not vegan exactly lol fried potatoes are like wait, fish and chips arent even british wait they are i remember reading a webcomic and just confused it for reality its like, spanish/portuguese jewish that emigrated upwards i doubt the cashier would care current mood: simping over edgeworth oops  official they were featured on magazines https://www.court-records.net/arts/080730gemaga_gssnap01.jpg it's on court records *sips coffee* thread idea: just straight up spam what is the opposite of the un yang uhhhh last MC name? so im watching some tiktoks and omg her earrings hope it works out for you, mate! a very grande sensation happy 22 it's just an emoji version of the booba emote https://tenor.com/view/booba-gif-18809577 i meant this emote https://tenor.com/view/sunday-issa-funday-gif-18009634 rucha calculating that i dont think i can eat those, that looks adorable  woo hoo! happy bday! damn, 6 chapters me every geo class cuz i think i have a crush on the dude right across me logy mmmm chicken hearts and livers welcome back!! im a big boy well i just told him he's cute baby steps!!! yes him he's like half my thoughts, he's hella fucking cute HAPPY 31 AND 20 SOMETHING YALLL scorpioooooo i said it elsewhere but people born on october are the hottest don't @ me omg idk oh right thats a thing it's not showing up on my screen lmao it showed up for me on another server on my phone or ipad cuz *i* was the newbie lol why not i kinda wanna rank the SPL members as ages now tbh why is this pinned  permission to add that to drew since hes 22 i add 1 to my age because ur a year older than me wait tag yourself: Server Parent, Cousin, Uncle/Aunt, Server Kid im the crazy uncle what da cat doin? HAPPY BDAYYYY aw poor thing take a waffle to go oh god imagine if they added even more in it cuz the diamond scenes were already horribly monetized, imagine if like "grab the whipped cream bottle" was paywalled just to have a sentence it'd be fine if it was increments of 5 but this ish costed more than a standard scene i named them Charley occasionally i <3 seasian pm mc but i get where you're coming from Cool random question: what's the most mc common body? student or professional? (for reference: student = ILB, OH, etc. and professional = BB, TE, etc) which mc body is used the most? it's usually those two i see it's just a random question that popped in my mind lol yeah probably especially with all the OH/ILB MC reuses and BSC's in PTR oops VOS male mcs are a lot hotter *especially* when they smile that's TINY i can *definitely* see the white mcs the similarities between the male mcs in THM and VOS ~~is he gay... or EUROPEAN!?~~ it's a reference lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-01cO73qRU i always thought the song was called Gay or European lol GAY OR EUROPEAN? :smart: i saw the edits UNCLEAN DIVERSITY? PFFFFFT look, pb, i love u but pls there were like, 3-4 queer women and like, one bi guy LH HEY WELCOME!! :Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy:  have you been doing okay? i think i'm alright patr-priyarchy i'm a total centrist who supports both ok, not to be AKSHUALLY or anything, but i totally voted both just so everyone else had buttons anyways CG stands for Computer Graphic underwhelming but it's alright lmao because it is, i googled it lol :zoeywink: :niapanic: :garbryce: :yeetedtothemax: :zoeywink: queen Bee :animeglasses: because qb is about obsession yes i did the it all because i wanted the reputation and thought "you know what? i banged poppy for the reputation before, let's do it again" LH is a sitcom, turned choices book tbh you're forced to like guys as MC tho also, Leah paywalled can you delete pings? like, delete the ping you sent someone and their notif goes away this is what i got so far i called it passport to fame and not path on lighter news at least *He* i just realized that Eva from Hero doesn't even have a last name Kenji and Grayson do tho i got 116/118, i googled the last two lmao khaan lmao i missed Hamid and Raydan tbf he's also MC's bro's LI which is... something i just remembered that i named my WLW MC Aloe because of those intentions does Hamid have a last name? i typed in Prince but they rejected it :/ ahhhh i kinda wanna make an updated one and also include hook ups https://www.sporcle.com/games/wimpykid2/choices-love-interests-the-freshman---nanny-affair-5 never mind I GOT IT PERFECT WOO i thought i made a discovery but the wiki found it already. dang it it was that Greygarden from TE and Mr Kohnevi are the same sprite but colored differently i guess they didn't choose this one because they're both "choose magic" and also mainly misleading but also redundancy yep, it's the "anime" textbox sooo.... never :parsonspog: we need to do a witch offering https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDEONWezB68 Hear the words of the witches, the secrets we hide in the night. The oldest of the Gods is invoked, the great work of Most Wanted 2, Hero 2 and It Lives 3 is sought. Tonight and at this time I call upon the ancient power, bring your powers to us, Spoiler Land. We want the power, give us the power. the original video is in spanish, so enjoy the same thing above but in google translated spanish. Escucha las palabras de las brujas, los secretos que escondemos en la noche. Se invoca al ms antiguo de los dioses, se busca la gran obra de Most Wanted 2, Hero 2 y It Lives 3. Esta noche y en este momento invoco al antiguo poder, trenos tus poderes, Tierra de Revelacin. Queremos el poder, danos el poder. next time ~~on dragon ball z~~ Same. Appreciation post for the text effects Time for teletubbies! we won't even notice lmao important messages will probably @ you and that zombie and thomas and mama waverly https://brantsteele.net/hungergames/r.php?c=HurNQbIe i made a choices hunger games thing, but the images have a bit of distortion and also Jen is in lingerie because i couldn't find a good image with just jen i tried to do mainly books with 4 main LIs along with equal gender WHA unsurprisingly here are the top 4 also, Danni and Nia had the most kills lmao brb, adding new arena events and making this super choices referency someone please shoot me some suggestions! :) i added Mr. Red playing Are You Scared? and Josephine's monsters i change the link periodically to update the events i'm so proud ok now i'm laughing at how cecile has two "portrait_romance"s in her formal attire file im up for that it's an instant classic ok i am now seething they reused Victor (THOBM)'s sprite for TC&TF and they labelled him as white him^ ohhh idk i think he's a background character in Azura's place it's been awhile so i can't say for certain but they labelled his portrait as fantasy, so that's how i know there's also the south asian receptionist that got whitewashed for a cordonian background character the app isn't stale when you have VIP thankfully but that just sucks that carpet looks like a kraft single any questions? she rats MC and friends out, regrets it. i originally had her in Distinguished and also she just doesn't really have time for relationships due to her job OH FUCK I FORGOT ZIG WAS PERFECT ok that's better he's more of a disaster outside of his sexuality he has anger issues and stuff, that's beyond saving (ok that's a bit... much actually) tbh he's really scary in TF3 i thought he did :< idk i still haven't finished TF i think i'm gonna do a Becca playthrough i spent diamonds to get rid of *the bangs* ...that gives me an idea Aarig? Aarigon Aragon :hmm: i was thinking of eragon :Facepalm: :EleanorPalm: i had her in disaster Aragon because it's from Aar-ig-on and then i thought "zoey is the queen of bis" i interpreted the football star as attraction but i get it https://tenor.com/view/theworldmayneverknow-idk-goodquestion-gif-5415227 i interpet her as aro iirc, she's not a fan of getting into relationships and prefers matchmaking its always been like that, at least before the first font change imo, it fills up the text box better imo they shouldve just modified the old font to include accents somehow thicker and thinner Katherine  Eva

hispanic female LIs in GOC books that got shafted so hard, they don't even have a last name unlike their counterparts likely Hispanic her skin tone is similar to OH and ILB MC happy birthday!! theres MotY too (specifically: the diamond scene with Vanessa. you call her out for ||being classist, sexist, racist, and homophobic depending on your relationship with Eiko and race|| cassidy? wait, PB forgot about them huh? _ _ `_ _` use with caution you don't and MC's SOs why does Daniel have like, a period in it? wait no that's a comma https://twitter.com/PlayChoices/status/1334984487294431247 also that's new they browse the reddit but i need to know i'd buy it as a souvenir but not to wear, sadly maybe that's why OH scripts released so late :RosaThink: pretty weird that they removed the 17+ tag on them hmmmmmmm maybe... QB? MW is mildly gay. Alyssa and Sam are bi while Cassandra is presumably bi idk, she seems like a candidate for Sam's alternate LI they wouldnt tbh ok specific question but, what kinda animated titlescreens do you see for books that have basic ones? (animated title screens include IL, BOLAS, TC AND TF 3, VOS, etc.) at least ONE of those ad kisses are canon I JUST REALIZED THIS https://youtu.be/SZ4sUCujLeA https://youtu.be/dGaYde_KJLs these tracks have VERY similar melodies or whatever its called like, PM is slow TF i'd play a sort of sequel called "BODYGUARD: a witness romance" ILB no longer has a panel in the app store. :sadienna: also MC and Zoey look weird on the panels like, look at her armpit It Lived :Dopeysad: THE COLUMNS ARE CURSED :dogeheart: thanks emi!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xswc08CvXgE this is just an appreciation post for intense historical songs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jPUa2zK7iM (in choices books) i couldn't tell :Michyyhehe: :garbryce: :hanasheart: :garbryce: i kinda wanna make like, a tagline for each book ROE: grandma, NO!
D&D: grandma, NO! 2
ILB: grandma, NOOOO! 3 PM: go to Two's Co. MTFL: You're not gonna Ava good time maybe I mainly took it from ILITW if Ava lives QB: Why Are You So Obssessed with Us? TNA: *seriously, how* IL: Your choices actually matter!! WT: thought this was about emus some of these, more than others but IL is the most obvious to me also i hate AME because it's 50 diamonds to win so yeah loved the journey, most sour ending ever well, that's exactly it lmao also getting Allyship is kinda hard ngl but it's been awhile i thought Friendship was enough :MelodySuffer: though AME3's bad ending is better than the default ending i thought you meant Lily and not ILY for a hot minute lmaoooo my MC was a disaster bi who left Mack for Jen, then left her for Bianca Platinum: The Music Industry but good! she was horrible and i love her lmao depends on the book imo RCD: Woo Hollywood! RCD2-3: UGHHHH HOLLYWOOD Hero: Eva? who? L5? oh nvm level 5 MOTY: think of ILB, but replace the threats with Karens at least he doesn't have abs? god i love those ultra fast timed choices Renza? ew TRM: *This is a comedy btw* OH: *How to Lose Your Medical License in less than two weeks* he has a two pac WEH: *The Fault in our Choices* :OOF: ROE: *disclaimer: you're going to dislike at least one of the plotlines* HSSCA: Who you really are HSS: the origin of the Hot Dad MM: Hot Dad continues! and Ryan Summers is hot so :animeglasses: also tbf, more people know actors than directors i'm a gay dumbass so yeah i'm ok with it sometimes people make mistakes so yeah also it's more interesting but one thing i would've liked is if Grandma went thank you when MC's like "the bond is ended, go to the afterlife. your suffering is over" but that's a bit cheesy ROD:  it's not as cheesy as it looks, seriously! PTR: the writers aren't european btw i wouldn't know, just read some complaints on the sub NB: this was supposed to be bigger than BB... RT: disclaimer: the MC is Charlie she literally has main character hair VOS is a book series first published by the MC iirc and iirc, BP and VOS are tied tbh i'd love a new BP, though i wouldn't name the series like that Party series? https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/kig86q/nominate_the_winners_for_the_rchoices_best_of/ i was nominated for the witness MC award eiusfhlihdflai it's SOO FITTING for me since i rp'd as her i'm surprised your QB one wasn't nominated take care of yourself <3 i wouldn't but i'd get to eat popcorn all day yep again there're just as many LIs as hiatuses random thing that bugs me: when MC's name is only the first name while everyone else's is their full name except for D&D and TUH because that's how MC's world is like you dont wanna know trust me when i say this, you dont emotes are great lmao how to tell your book is not coming back, a background character reuses a main character's hair god, imagine a reality where they reuse Becca's *bangs* qb very minor character, shes in the scene before the kiss CG her hair doesn't even have a shadow Penny's mom stole Sam's weave and BB MC's outfit for literally 5 seconds of screentime Thank you! i like the sister relationship i just wish MC was Charlie or something because it just felt like MC was a side character which is ironic yep https://youtu.be/0sdLp7maHaE reminder this track is liked, bugged in game my version has like, a constant whistle and some weird bug noise tbh i've gotten used to it. i always thought it was part of the song also, literally how do you mess that up? it's just playing an audio file -_- let's start a cult pri is the leader the s in spoilerland does not stand for study that should be a channel  ... should it? homework channel sounds fun in concept at least oh no we have look at how many peeps have chaos in their name aka a handful just like TJ? the worst we'll do is cause in-server chaos like this your uni grp?? monkaS ...what's a uni grp ohhh also i just found a facebook page about a muscular dude who wears a baby mask what, it's not group role play? i wonder what PB's thought process was behind making Liam customizable were they like "wait, Drake is white already, we shouldn't have only one LI be a POC, right?" also welcome back Spirits!!! yep! is Fabien like, the only LI who has their arms crossed? PB giving LIs makeovers with glasses like:
  


 colors i hope they at least go "Yeah, its cancelled" at this point provide just a little closure at least imagine an IL3 ad for once er, just an IL ad in general https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=218426929891548 speaking of ads... whyyyyy what does it mean? https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=219674373088490 also why did they reverse nightcore the AME song? so positive "what comes around, goes back around"? or like, Karma? wait no, i misunderstood god i can't read :Dopeysad: "if you're right about this, i owe you a cookie" what i want: *surprise* Hero coming in two days! what i think we'll get:
artist left. will continue to delay i don't think we'll get MW2 any time soon tbh, unless the MCs are not cops i paid to revive her, last playthrough it was only 17 diamonds, i love THOBM and i think MC x Eleanor are great *and* it's the only edit: other book that prioritizes a female locked LI, the other being BP i like how mc's like "I'm gonna not use my phone at all!" and then she never uses the phone we stan a woman with consistency that's entirely ok but tbh, i have so many diamonds that i don't care *too* much on what i spend them on i care a little, but not too much ||you and eleanor visit a coffee shop together, Kaitlyn invites you to a party and Eleanor comes with you|| do it  there's a reason why it's cheap and honestly, it's adorable hea? ohhhhh anyways, stan ghost lesbian i just wish Eleanor's siblings came with you OOO IMAGINE THIS WITH HER AND MC *kicks pri*  no  https://www.open.edu/openlearn/science-maths-technology/james-clerk-maxwell/content-section-4#:~:text=In%20the%20order%20presented%2C%20the,real%20advantage%20to%20remember%20them. https://tenor.com/view/scribblenauts-maxwell-gif-19845289 there's also this maxwell he's from Scribblenauts it's a cute and funny game i just ate wheat thins you know how i'm 19? well, scratch that i wrote it backwards, it's 91 ok not the topic but is there any LI named Skylar? i feel like it'd make a great gender neutral name better than blaine at least :dab: ...that'd make a horrible choices edit ngl i only knew a dude i got that too but with a thirst post :marafrogemoji: like it was fun slapping the shit outta her but no now i wanna photoshop braces onto bryce damn i wish i could play a papa's food game rn  WAIT IN THE LEATHER JACKET tbf the sofia post made a very widespread meme if only flash didn't have security issues  is it just me or does the kamilah flair look a little off? wait what ik it's darker but like i haven't read BB at all because i was super disinterested at the start idk i'm considering starting it again because like i don't have much to spend my keys on i diamond mined the entire series and i'm waiting to end book 3 for when/if i get challenges i diamond mined it and by that i mean "tapped through" i wanted the diamonds first, read later anyways ...i'm actually curious to see what she'd look like with bangs ik jax has a weird smile ...yeah i see what you mean it does make her hairline a little closer to her brows hey i'll reread it :niapanic: and by that i mean actually read lmao no, no i have nothing to do with my keys so yeah oh right w- why you know, i'm surprsised they have the sexy tag in BB1 but don't have the 17+ tag too ...uh oh so uh my account cant connect to the server does queen count? nope i am an ios player yes afaik ok that's better my check in rewards wasn't loading and some glitchy idk what happened but i'm fine i was **worried** for a sec if my diamond count reaches sub 50, i'm blaming all of yall oh wait FA is here i forgot so ig i'll reach chapter 2 today for BB ok so now i'm gonna name MC and if i name her as another character like Priya, please warn me i have to say i really like the BB op song is Scarlet good? because red is the color of blood and Scarlet sounds cool i just typed it lmao Scarlet ok good thank you!!! ok this is what she looks like for now her appearance may change but i saved this mc for BB ok i'll be back just reading BB1 i heard MC can be a funny idiot so were starting with that idk why but it feels so weird spelling Scarlet with one t i should move my convo over to #hoebound-and-rushedbound lmao yeah, i named her that because blood ks red is and Scarlet is a shade of red i hate how inconsistent they are with videogames or video games i got most of them right i only got like, BB/DnD ones wrong also i'm making a dad alignment chart but only with relevant dads just posting this here for the time being BB characters and a gamer chair something tells me i'm safe as hell if push comes to shove, i'd give up my humanity lmao i think hes a WB character that or a Witcher character hol up, 8emi95 collects all the assets, minus text, into a google drive. theyre also on abookishcreatives tumblr https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d4LsN44WULNf3dtmFLjFQziX84rNRJtb i like Emis the most. i mean like, the chapter text like, story and stuff you don't have to if you don't want to <3 i never use them lmao ohhhhh ohh got it, thanks! didn't the Dad go to Hartfeld? according to the wikia, yeah speaking of, it's the only way you can get this screen to pop up "whoa this is supposed to be a comedy!" depends on the book if it's IL, fuck no. if it's a comedy, hell yeah (unless you're rewarded in the long run, then no) flirting is the best skill. nah, its canon lmao every single story is connected in some way except maybe ACoR yeah, its a TV show! HSS and TF have shows, (HSS MC has a poster in their room, even) and TRR is its future! i mean it's connected to the choices universe the only thing it really has is Cleopatra being Kamilah's cousin, but since Cleo's a historical figure, this could be a coincidence BaBu has the ILITW book fuq u BOLAS is to be determined, if the next book doesn't connect it, then RIP UNLESS: in the finale: it's all a DND game by the nerds in TF it does mention some creepy things in there lol *fight or flight plays* please don't do that to your cat :< cats dont handle fear like humans do at least afaik https://www.reddit.com/r/TikTokCringe/comments/kl7aqj/this_cat_beyonce/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3 https://64.media.tumblr.com/b0beab21d1b71732e752953bb16ea583/0f1c74a0e8afb6b1-99/s640x960/f4e8911b116c8aeeb6ab7d957b2ca594cfd72942.gif we have found the new sidelined LI body They also did this for Cecile she never had a full body sprite... well she did, but not for her main outfit AVSP gave her that it makes sense why just adding on to this. Britney's half sprite is now reused as the generic muscular woman body type like Charlie, Eiko, Aisha, etc. i have challenges now and now im getting those free diamonds, babyyyyyy i just finished BB3, DS, TSe, THOBM, etc. i dont even care about not getting ads anymore! :D i'll see if i reach 700 diamonds today yep i thought it was THOBM but it's actually ROE:N i didn't actually read it i was reading it for the diamonds, i didnt have my glasses on and im still on 2 i didnt wanna restart so yeah. diamonds! i have just above 700 saving is nice and all but if you dont spend your diamonds, it's just a nice number different case IRL, but in choices i just replay books and spend my diamonds that way, these days they said that TF side stories dont count in the Help button... thingy same with the holiday books oh i shouldve read the conversation sorry ;;;; what about Leo's :Dopeyangry: i think shes cursed with cancer she was also in HSS and she had cancer there :(((((( that's MC's mom so yeah err both SK and AME specifically it's a good read but i do have some issues with it, (also it has the most typo'd word ever with You're/Your) https://tiermaker.com/create/choices-mcs-as-of-june-2020-191414 i made an MC tier list: *disclaimer* this is before QB and so's existence also this is before i had access to VIP books' assets badass mc's are the best tbh, or at least imperfect MCs that still get shit done this but unironically tbh she's the worst but also the best like, she united the fanbase against her, she's **the** most unique MC we ever had, etc. other than Justin https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-long-tan-handsome-long-tan-and-handsome-gro%C3%9F-gut-aussehend-gif-18777621 he has a serial killer smirk but too bad im into that... but not like ||abusive assholes. i'm ok with a little degradation, but tone that shit down Justin|| ,img Avery Wilshere oh wait neeeever mind CA i think it's cuter Happy birthday, Lu!!! https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d4LsN44WULNf3dtmFLjFQziX84rNRJtb
most of the book titles are under either Loading Screens, Logos, or ccbi spritesheets. if you need fonts, then https://www.fontsquirrel.com/matcherator can help! there *are* some exceptions tho like ILB (reminder the drive is by 8emi95 <3, none of this would be possible without her) kinda? it's in UI files in emi's drive but the (oldest) font name is Molot idk the second or third fonts Kio means name tags, not necessarily the dialogue, lmao some fonts are handmade though, like IL: at least, i think so because the S's in Woods and Lives are unique same with i in Lives and In it's a Sofia Pro but the Molot font is outdated as they updated it 1-2 times :marafrogemoji: thing is, TF didn't even have entire books, TF4 is only 10 chapters and it was rushed by the end, they thought TJ would have two books lmao if anyone wants to share, what do you headcanon a characters' voice as? Ivy, Olivia, there's Skye's mom, Bridgette in HC, the mob in Wetness, etc. it's already a reused haircut from Brooke :( not just Maeve(?), Ainsley also has a reused haircut the only one who goes off the top of my head is Travis he's not tortured by anything and he's an LI so yeah BRUH CID IS OLIVIA'S COUSIN they both have a party down there or whatever his name is in LH https://zigsnose.tumblr.com/ hi i really like this user lmao also TIL that choices is a category on twitch yep ohhh so *that's* why ILITW has such a high view count anyways  it's amazing how stories like VOS and TNA exist in the same app isn't that just BB  i kid lmao or WB this is kinda crossing over to #cursed-chat territory #media-not-related-to-choices lmao could steamy at least be queen b? it's like, funny as shit i mean, does QB MC wearing something that shows off her legs count? no actually yes but mostly no drama you can play OH without romancing someone also you're still not considered your LI's partner fair but sometimes no again, fair enough lmao wait am i being mean or TF where your non-LI is Zack wait, they're the same series  they both have hartfeld and they both have the main non-LI be gay ginger MC just became Quinn they still do sometimes, but i just wish it was more often i still don't know if OH actually exists in-universe or if WEH is just a spin off of OH also, Edward is from D&D MC's town iirc i mean like WEH's a movie in MTFL but they both don't reference anything outside of OH/WEH i agree with that but i still want OH to connect outside of WEH ES definitely happened it's just considered Sci-Fi because Diego wrote it based on true events but no one would ever know that outside of the catalysts of course wait hol up she's not old enough to go to hartfeld afaik she's 15 wikia lmao god i hope https://twitter.com/PlayChoices/status/1359615742304428036?s=20 PB IT'S STILL TODAY i really wanna rag on them right now but like it happens lmao #discord-suggestions-and-requests ...this doesnt even look like it's from PB WHAT'S WRONG WITH EVERYONE rafael's finally on a cover at least why couldn't the background characters be Sienna, Aurora, Elijah, etc.? :PBSeeIToldYouSo: <who?) also fuckin' finally, they're using computers like, MC's holding an ipad he moved his neck muscles elsewhere or donated it YEAH Ethan looks like a white version of Hispanic Sam neeever mind, just Sam wait i just realized it they look like a de-anime-fied version of an anime poster that's why they're making such weird expressions ALSO BRYCE IS MISSING HIS INDEX FINGER there's like, a thing with index fingers when making a fist i cant get the exact angle, but basically your thumb juts out a bit upwards/outwards when making a fist ... oh my god mr magic hands noooooooo the devil works fast, but i work faster they might bianca/slater that :/ yeah pretty much maybe kyra too, since they already made a lingerie sprite for her i forgot lmao they're gonna change her name to Friend or Amiga Aurora "Amiga" Emery random choices thing that bugs me: They begin to ___ why not just do: They ___ i mean like, i get it if it's the beginning of something but idk i feel like action happens faster or something idk, it feels like padding sometimes also a random (though more relevant) complaint: PB's careless usage of reused sprites. like in WEH where the principal and Dakota's mom are the same BB is off the hook though, I imagine Iola/MC's mom like a Zenobia/Olivia thing and hispanic THOBM MC became BaBu MC's sister speaking of THOBM MC, something interesting about her portrait names is that it goes "portrait_custom_horror_main_hannah" and also that the brown MC is Latina but like, this is the only MC i know of that's customizable but also has the default name in their file nah, the Anna sprites are mostly reused Black Anna = Leah from LH there's also Kassidy from TS (white MC i think) and Asian = her from RCD i don't blame you, Cyndii exists for less than a chapter that only leaves Hispanic Sister, I think she's an adjusted version of THOBM MC with Elena's hair ok i just learned that OG black TF MC was **a lot** lighter skinned i wonder what made them go from labelling them for names to adjectives did they like, start reusing mc bodies and realized that it'd get confusing in the portrait calling process? THEY CALLED CASSEIOPEIA'S SPRITE LIBERAL I DON'T KNOW WHY BUT THAT'S HILARIOUS awww, loola's sprite adjective is "adorable" ,img cassiopeia choices aka: Hispanic Gemma TNA MC is BB MC, but the outfit is a premium outfit from BB anyone else notice that both times you're allowed to swap something about your mc beyond gender/race, those being pronouns and sexual orientation, it's always with TE male MCs and the female professional body? ...that's all i got lmao sexuality and pronouns/non binary option i didn't realize how ambiguous that sentence was, hol up Teen is just for High School MCs, except for MTFL Fresh also became a general LI sort of body Professional is even *more* overused, somehow also the hand is overdetailed imo the finger segments just aren't THAT detailed irl at least far away model is weird, but i always liked it because it makes the character look more bubbly and has personality this girl from DBD's standing like a choices character alfasfjladskfjalskfja ok i love this background and its animation is super impressive but that one ice block on the left has its path mapped out it hurts me and the one right below its animation loops kinda choppily yeah, i think this was originally from ES also this sprite's white?!?!? i thought they were asian!? whoever makes the fucking sprite files at PB needs to have their eyes checked kajfdklasjflda never forget that maxwell was never intended to be an LI so he's just a white version of Otis from MW her mom's Blasian/Ambiguous, so i think that's why she's ambiguous ...even though she doesn't *not* look asian like, at all? same with Simon lmao like, they're the only two male LIs, other than high school LIs, to not be super buff WAIT HE'S WHITE TOO? he has a monolid i think? he just looks asian to me lkdfkaljfaldsjfl i'm just looking through the BB portraits rn and i'm just screaming "what?" like The Evolved's body says Asian which would mean that her past form would also be Asian, but she's white like pB pero why?? also shoutouts to PB for making not only full body sprites for characters whose legs you probably never see, but also making faces with make up... which you probably never see ~~thanks emi btw!!!! you're not here anymore but you're a godsend!!!!~~ maybe Leon's the father Daddy Leon *does* roll off the tongue very well ALSO THEY CAN'T AGREE ON IOLA'S RACE (or in this case Cassiopeia) she's white here, but Monica's Hispanic why's the rim lighting blue on Becca? :O idk, i'd say Becca has more of a mean color pallete while Madison's pink pulls off more of a sweet look? also the rim lighting is **BLUE** while Madi's sprite barely has any rim lighting remember, if she has this body, she's either your (probably sidelined) female LI or a mean girl like, TF looks pretty smudgy by today's standards and MW reused artwork whenever it could SHE GOT A TAN so i guess that means Hayley was wearing a skirt the whole time i always saw her in pants for some reason claire pierce is probably the cheapest sprite ever, since it's just Alyssa's hair, Theresa's face, and Hayley's Body literally Ms. Most Wanted i *honestly* can't name a cheaper sprite ....wait i just realized did they name Lester that because of... ||molester?|| cw: crappy and kinda offensive joke :/ oh wait, i just remembered another contender for "cheapest sprite" this girl from QB also has a cheaply made sprite she's Aliana Granda there's also scott with Dave's outfit well, jacket they just textured it ....i never realized that WHY DOES HISPANIC WENDY HAVE BB MC'S OUTFIT?? is it because Hispanic MCs only existed in 2 onward? WAIIT, they also all have different bodies/arms black mom has sloane's body, asian has student, white has this one and hispanic has professional small critique of the wikia real quick, they can be *super* wordy instead of going "they" for GOC characters, they go "She/He/They", and instead of categorizing versions of characters by race, they'll either go model X or "character model has blue eyes and pale skin" what kind of trivia? i say this as someone who loves and sometimes relies on the wikia, but jeeeeez :/ a fun kind of trivia would be "If the default name is entered, Your Character from Open Heart is the only main character to not have an R in their name" AFAIK, yeah! like ethan Ramsey, bRyce, jackie vaRma, elijah gReene, sienna tRinh, danny caRdinal, naveen baneRji, the emeRys (alongside them having 2 r's in the first name) which Bailey? Jenkins? esme oRtega kyRa miRani caRoline bloom the only main character other than MC that doesn't have an R in their name is Declan and also Sothy and Leland but other than those four characters, every major character has an R in their name and gamepedias like minecraft i was like "there's a freshman wiki?" and then realized you mean team fortress OH one thing i will give choices wikia, they don't show TNA/BP's cover as the entry's photo qwkehawehfliserhgrse; starring that if you are *not* an unfortunate POC, raise your hand i wonder why no one raised their hands :JoJoThink: i don't love it, but i don't mind using it. yeahhhhh ~~thank god i'm not the only one~~ ~~but tbh bipoc works kind of the best?~~ it's *always* kiana's body kdjflakfjlasjd https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=176169187608210 why're all the baby bump ads like this happy women's day!!!  ok random trivia question: other than "other", "elf" and "orc", what word is used as a race/ethnicity label in portrait file names, but is not one? they appear in THOBM, BOLAS, and TE (what non race/ethnicity is in the race label, basically: portrait_genre_gender_race_adjectives) ...i forgot all about that but like, ATV also labels some races actually yeah, some characters such as her are labelled as Asian i'm personally not that surprised they have race in their portrait names, as Kepler is Asian @robbie_sutcliffe i mean, i know he's eurasian, but he's very obviously asian AND THEN THIS FILE IS LABELLED AS NATIVE KSDAFJLAKSDFJKLASDFL wait, they're different characters i *guess* they're based on the facial features they based their faces off of? like, orcs don't even *have* a race, like green, red, or black, they're just labelled Orc YO CAN HIS HAIR BE AN MC'S it's like hispanic MC in BOLAS's hair, but without the pony tail which is already one of my favorite hairstyles EVER **their haaaaiiiiirrrrr** they also gotta stop making attractive women your rivals unless it's queen b but otherwise https://docs.google.com/forms/d/19KeUwrpXCMdql_5L2r0yCWYjuasi5qDLIPli4bZqxKY/viewanalytics ok continuing on about this, i'm **shocked** that Simon and Justin have similar vote counts like, REALLY shocked hazel was done so dirty  she's our first Viet LI and she's not an LI  speaking of ranking i didnt rank within the tiers btw like, legit she's one of my favorite MCs also the color of MC's shirt clashes with the text well not clashes, more like blends interesting... since no one replied, it's Ghost! THOBM prominently has this ~~Eleanor and her siblings don't count since they don't look like ghosts, while Jonathan and Rose do~~ tbf it got buried because this is general spoiler zone dklajfdlksj i *was* making a kahoot with random choices trivia also i *just* learned that the bachelorette/professional body are actually slightly different ~~what's the point of even making an entire new set if they're just the same~~ Bachelorette's body is slimmer, her arms are shorter, and she's taller: you can see her knees also her hands are smaller yep ...i guess i just told yall one of the answers but it's not like i was actively making it for months it's all good i think? random sad fact, *every* single logo afaik is labelled as romance like Hero ...which is just not a romance ruin what song? I WASN'T READING CHAT THAT SHIT PLAYED ON THE RADIO 24/7 AND SOME 8TH GRADERS PERFORMED IT i **know** this dang song adjkfadlsjflskdja they're different. it's like a journalist -> bachelorette thing. they look basically the same, and they are, but they have subtle differences i would know, i made a bunch of Bryce edits and he has the adventurer's body i know bryce inside and out ;) you should probably update the "lady" sprites, they're now reused in TUH ohhh never mind i use 8emi95's drive all the time or you can use 8emi95's drive she used to be in spoilerland, but she left for whatever reasons. she's active on reddit, afaik ooo i wonder if we have the MCs yet what? ohh i said *i wonder* lmao here's the sb mc ... uh oh wait i thought this was a race joke for a moment O_O i didn't read "you goober" for a moment i'm asian and spongebob is yellow so yeeeahhhh i wonder why they flip flop on "white" and "Caucasian" a lot hol up i gotchu oh hey the chefs finally reuse the "southasian" label instead of the indian label they are but their subtle differences are why they're labelled differently it's to save money **every** single male LI ever has abs and tiddies of steel, so they might as well reuse MC bodies plus, they're all recolored already so save more time haosc is the other teacher in case my teaching class isn't good i wonder if Elves are recolors of the student body i mean male because those bodies are pretty much never used except for Simon afaik and Shane i think i just realized that we never saw an angry otter sprite i don't remember that :(, and i played ILB a *lot* this guy but he's angry aka the cutest thing ever she looks like she's sneezing she has the s c r u n g ! i repressed all memories of that show :O what image search? they'll reuse their child sprites to hell and back at least you use a full stop/period .img choices bryce .img penguins of madagascar otter i have no idea what that means :( i don't know how but i used to love this hair. now i just don't like it :( idk i like dyed hair, i just don't love it i think i told myself it looks like ketchup? idk i bought the blue hair in MM i just don't love the brown/red combo? idk i used to have that hair on every mc available and BSC even though the WT/BSC hair look almost the same i'm still shocked the WT hair was free that hairstyle looks like 30 diamonds i'd say that WT looks more curly while BSC looks more wavy ngl if i ever bleached my hair, i want it to look like WT MCs those BSC faces are never gonna be reused again i feel ok off topic what *is* it with PB and having clothes and hair that aren't in the actual book MM's the worst case because she has the damn hairstyle in the trailer i'm updating the tier list and goooood there's so much no i'm updating the MC tier list i mean i'm updating it with new MCs lmfao https://tiermaker.com/create/choices-mcs-as-of-june-2020-191414 if you wanna make one with the old list i also made a smart-dumb and flirt-smart alignment chart then they're all in S tier S tier means the best they're all at the top idk why S tier goes above A, it just does what's some top shit? ohhhh got it got it she can be i just use the east asian face https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1clJk1dm1LDSWlapFjK9-y0kJl1u9EBndhMWPiFYDxAA/viewanalytics tbh i'm not surprised at the results TL;DR: White MCs tend to be the most chosen and Black MCs the least, with a lot of exceptions. This usually happens because there's a new MC like FA/RT, the MC is white passing like female VOS MC, an MC was introduced late like in HSS:CA, or the white MC is considered ugly by the fandom like ILITW MC in other news, water is necessary i blame Hispanic MC in HSSCA being last on being introduced in 2, but not 1 https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Mj3PxF5VxNsEib3rNZPY5dbIu68PU79O i wonder what this is if you don't wanna click the link, the faces look like... more faces for characters with Liam's body, and a new white face for the student body i doubt so because emi says it's unknown for all we know, this could be for COP and the faces don't line up with the Everett faces, they're already listed under SB if anyone wants to see anything cursed, the actress body (like Hayden, RCD MC, etc.) has almost equal length fingers heres another random trivia question: What do ILITW, BP, QB, and RCD have in common?... at least as far as i know bp has a stalker? their titles show up in game in special cutscenes, but not with the official logo BPs checklist, and the rests intros i can't believe they made a lesbian and straight version of the same ad i thought LOA was gonna be Wrightworth Sim, not this :O they have differently built traps nick's traps are more perky than carter's there's also necks for obvious reasons imo is it just me or did the sliding animation speed up? at least it's all POC this time? defo ATV, no other book has THAT much purple seriously, idk many backgrounds in choices with a lot of purple https://tiermaker.com/create/choices-mcs-as-of-april-2021-191414 i updated the choices MC tier list oops, i made TE and FA mcs look too similar D: I FORGOT WITNESS MC this but unironically dfjdaskldfjkl wtf i thought i got them dlfkjaklsdfj ok i updated it BOLAS and Witness are now in there ~~though i bet 99% of them will have BOLAS in The Best and Witness in Trash~~ tbh i love her i hate her but i also love her TRR mc's hilarious how dare you i kid lmao also join me for homework stream, i can't do it with just kyo yeah she's not the best queen/duchess, but she's funny and has personality i just want personalities https://tenor.com/view/ariana-grande-i-think-we-all-sing-victoria-justice-victorious-pretty-gif-13510644 i think we ALL miss oh1 i'm pretty sure that's most of the discord, but i could be wrong ldsfjaljfkdlas maybe we all love nanny affair PB employee: are you sure you're not talking about Organ? let's make book 4 of Ethan Heart! OH is rather simple you can boil it down to Medical Drama with friends and a patient of the week DS and NB were already standalones and failures at that sadly :( super fucking weird the scope of NB is a lot larger than BB, but the world building, iirc, wasn't amazing i feel like ROD was supposed to be standalone, but the music contradicts that a cult they could've just polled the fans "hey is it ok if we have characters all be reused?" if you add new music, sprites, etc., i doubt you'd want it for only one book like say DS. it has a shit ton of new music, backgrounds, art, etc. ATV:  according to PB, it did maybe both idk i'm still sure that COP will just be MW but changed a ton tbh it was unnecessary to add time traveling not every MC needs to be a fish out of water "most desired" like, crimes of passion are real things, they're violent crimes, but this is 2021 PB we're talking about ~~also Ximena has the "main" treatment for her portrait, and then she became a reused sprite  ~~ maybe TUH first THAT'S HILARIOUS AND ADORABLE same energy ok i just saw in 8emi95's database that there's white ILB mc's version 2 and in MTFL, she's version 3 anyone know what v1 of white ILB MC looks like? off topic but here's some more shitty choices trivia: besides skin tone, which mc body (asian, black, hispanic, white) is the odd one out in the *female student* set and why? asian mc because her thumb nail on the right doesn't have a highlight. THEY FORGOT TO REMOVE THE WHITE IN THE PEN CUP i played ILITW so often and saw the background so often, i check around to admire or criticize it there's also a white fuzz on the chairs, but that one's more understandable since chairs like those suck to draw fun news: I can read plists on discord
bad news: somethings like this happen oh those are coordinates? ~~can you tell that the most game file i read are from 8emi95's drive~~ and music and backgrounds and UI most of the time basically anything that isn't ugly anyone else have any grandmas i should add? oh right ljaflaksf definitely a lawful good does Azura count as a grannie? wait did the Azura's kingdom ever fall? it's been a hot minute since i read TC&TF so yeah or is there any descendent in TRM? actually nvm just check the wiki aksldfjalksjf @Belbercike yeeeeahhh i should listen more akldjfalkjf wait can IRIS count since she's based off of Aleister's mom, Imogen? and then Aleister gets a kid with Grace? that's fair lol maybe i could add her? tyril's ancestor. tbh i forgot about her too wait crap i forgot mrs. martinez i didn't marry Liam or Leo, so her being a grannie isn't true for everyone? idk ldfjakljf idk, i might add azura because she's grandma aged keyword: *might* we already added Mitzi, so eh VAMPIRE JAKDFALSFJ where does YA send you? TF? at least it's not TNA/TRR? why do they keep changing it lksdjfakljfd like, i get updating it to have the current books and stuff but then there's just changing everything in the span of months of course it's TRR, it's their most popular series by a mile or used to? tupperbox? ohhhh i never learned the name til now lkdfjalskjf My Two Flopped Loves, noooo My Two FLops My Two Failed Loves wait should i add Margaret Sterling? she became a granny by the end i tiered these characters based on something, guess errr i should've specified that they're MCs jdsklafjsadlk they're sorted by amount of parents and who's alive 1 is both parents, 2 is Mom is active, 3 is Dad is active, 4 is no parents for X reason, 5 is parent status is unknown, 6 is adopted lmao premium scenes in witness nice easter egg ob pb PB why help i dont get it  probably no, it's someone streaming! she streams ILITW alongside other games on twitch, so they're promoting her TE is shorter and less diamonds, so pick ur poison i think the original poster did poor girl, i would not want my mentions to be like that yeah, she deleted the tweet. i'm salty still that IL was cancelled, but pooping on a fellow fan's post isn't the way to go https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=232576921987092 poor flynn :( https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=782108412680653 look at how they butchered Jess's face.  good for her? ig? she's cringy, let's just not drag her too much pls controlled dragging idk jlfdjaljfd they still air that??! ame music deserves better :AnnieSob: that's ok! may cause motion sickness should i delete the small emote too? || :PaNiac: || ok there's animated nia panic^ may cause motion sickness reminder not to use water on grease fires what bald ethan random thing i dont get, whats the point of loading in the hair and face separately for LIs and such? I get specific cases like Cassian derek and dakota carrying the bald LI list om their own: i mainly wonder because Samira THM has all her faces in her hijab instead of loading in her head and hijab separately like hair, its all combined petty is one letter away from pretty the d in drew stands for dry derek some acronyms have a double meaning. id list one of them but thats for complaining about OH thats also why drew was named with something that starts with DR not because hed become a doctor, but because hes drier than the sahara why is Cassian the only man bun li and tom toM you definitely are bitter i used to be a mini mod on that choices server, and they were called little bs, sooooo GAVIN NOT U .img asian gavin good if anyone got a weird result from doing a .img, just delete your message and the image will be deleted anyways prolly not noah i assume its a Noah Good, Mason Bad post they actually spent time having the 17 displayed correctly IM THINKING wait Khaan also has a man bun .img khaan me too tbh .img levi maybe him i feel like Levi can rock a manbun not really tbh Levi yes, Thomas no maybe Jake? tbh Jax Jaxs 2018(?) hair is NOT it it looks very... me in 2018 i get it for long haired sprites, but short haired sprites dont need it i feel ...yeahhh lmao i think i have a decent idea on how it works? this is just coming from someone who took CS2 AP in high school tho kjfaklfja luxury and opulence cartiers and tesla x's it's... part of some song lyrics lmao https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TO2c06p6m5w ...its just a typo ohhh usually they actually respond wtf i think i may have done that when i reported a BB typo https://childish-behavior.tumblr.com/post/184170742627/what-is-going-on-in-these-ads the music makes it even better oops, this is incorrect with MOTY MC. Her mom ||was the only family she had left, but she's dead (revealed during the unicorn hot cocoa scene)|| ewww spending money on choices i kid only a little no thanks satan 5? remember when keys were 2 hours  yep they change a lot, but its 3 hours rn  2 genders isn't multi. it technically is but if you're not gonna allow they/them pronouns (let alone 3 body types), then what's the point at least they know their origins i wonder if they'll ever be able to release them i doubt EA would care about the patents or some shit to SHS and COD :setethsays: prime example or one of them where did her bellybutton go https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?id=818624412391830 ...why is there voiceover???? tbf to the CA Kids, they're freshmen. i learned the difference between old english and early modern english in senior year meh i hate america lmao TC&TF1 they changed it again WHEW YA - HSS
Romance - TRR
Vampire is obvious (according to reddit, idk for certain :uwuhappy: this is making me much madder than i should be I'm ok with it existing, i'm not ok with it being google translated because shit like +Raza exists (ethnic race, and not horse race) https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ri-ZwPVGsmn4fYkCM3ouf_SQfOCJWf3O ok this is off topic but like there's this unused horror song called tense tone?? and it was used in LH????? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pyhii4_QTsM I'd say it's this one Threep!!!! THEY ADVERTISED THE BAR BAHAHAHA alraf, we don't like Book 3 and we already thought Book 2 was bad Book 4 isn't gonna solve everything, and I think it's time we just cut it here there's also the fact that another ad has Ethan!Zeus weh's soundtrack was AMAZING what did they do to rcd mc? is she like, a love child between BB and RCD MC? https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/choices-stories-you-play/images/1/1d/RCD_Alternate_MC_in_Lacy_and_Trendy.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20210116140239 they at least changed her eyebrows pb... pls im begging for more nb options and shiz and nb characters too like... its not hard at all, just change someones pronouns. they dont even need to be androgynous since not all nb people present androgynously like myself OH MC WILL NEVER LEAVE https://www.pixelberrystudios.com/blog/2021/6/15/representation-update-at-pixelberry there's just something poetic about how PB's like "we'll do better at black rep" and sometimes they do well with hair, but... she's really eurocentric. mainly the nose tbh me too and i accidentally bought two diamond scenes :disappointeddrew: happy father's day to him and Scott! Dom and Kenna would be genderlocked MCs? it helps that Kenna's mom is a little racially ambiguous i chose She Ra because that show is gay affffff there are gay men, women and enbies sooo yeah and it's magical that's fucking gross :( i tiered the books based on their osts. thoughts? i already heard the ost it's just that there's only two new songs so i'm not ranking them it feels unfair, but i love love LOVE the two new songs!!!! tbh i always forget those are RCD tracks except High Stakes ...and i forget about RCD a lot from what i hear, it's cute also MLF spams emojis... ok that's not the biggest grievance anyone has, they just use a lot i keep misreading it as MILF just had a random realization that HSS MC and the new nanny in TNA2 have nearly the same name one thing missing: HSS doesn't have an Asian MC option https://tenor.com/view/fries-french-french-fries-gif-3571627 these are chips to mara PB spending their art budget on unnecessary CGs i appreciate these but i feel like the money used on these could be used on much better projects 1st because of his royal-author status, but sometimes dropping due to dumb tweets this poor VA also that ad is hilarious with its like "why's he still with herrrr?  " and then the stock WOWWW ik shes originally Emmas mom, but i know see the resemblence very strongly well, this is WB but shes also in Edenbrook of course the OH-Maxwell post is just Ethan i just realized that the third customer is James with black PM MC's eyes sorry for the ping!!!! wait why did they dye his sweater also whats with so many choices ads and this song?!?! they played that on those TNA and QB ads too i just realized that the chip bags are just cheetos, doritos, takis, etc. but they just blurred the flamin hot out of its existence ugh i just noticed that little dark spot near her shoulder old PB art thingz. this happened before with Alex in ROE AAAGH I JUST REALIZED THE SHORTS ARENT ANIMATED also hair slider? there isnt even a skin tone slider theres only really one plus sized dad. the rest are all built the same :/. the most you can say is that Damien is trans still better than choices tho i saw this on the subreddit and thought the middle was Imogen for half a second what i ordered: .img imogen what i received: *image* i wouldn't trust them to write anything based off of Europe. uh, please take this to TNA chat :) are you 18+? ok uh, shush :^3 wr already have them anyways lmao i'm not sharing the sprites, as they're undies sprites and it's TNA lmao but anyways lmao it still feels weird that HSS MC and Jordan TNA have almost the exact same name like, Jordan Lee and Jordan Le and HSS MC can't be Asian i mean, yeah but the spellings are super similar dksjajekal oh PB, similar names curse there's Witness, QB, WB, i might be forgetting some fair, you're ace lmao wolf bride i hate that book  mostly the fight scenes are good but... thinking about that book? *shudder* i get why it has fans but i feel like the characters just fall apart? thank you for the... ideas, pb? it felt kinda like, cultural appropriation at the same time? because the characters are native coded, at least Isobel is too idk how to explain it it just leaves an awful taste in my mouth disjjska ok, one last comment: NB wolves are cool bye buuut this IS wb chat i would like to forget the pose Isobel was in like, those characters are cool i still find people calling each other Alpha cringy tho since Alphas don't exist in actual wolf packs that's literally just all of wb also the book is kinda misogynistic as Isobel hates MC over a man which is laaaaaaaaame, at least she also hates her because she's... idk leave the greek letters alone  idk, go with Leader gender neutral, English, etc because Wolf = Alpha god, imagine if the BB clans called the leader like, Sigma yes it's very tied to the plot lmao in WB, werewolves go feral at full moons also in WB, they're like, nature protectors idk, it's WB because popular media it's SO cliche tho like, SOOOO cliche .img layla her design is so pretty at least thats the one thing i forgive WB with, also give MCs those locs those locs are gorgeous, i want my Black mcs to have them, etc bot tingz Good bot i would've liked to explore Cal's pack tho Cal's pack seems so much more interesting, as they seem more like a business? while at the same time, being a family granted, Lady Smoke is basically a mafia leader .img smoke also she has such a cool design she terrifies me, i like her aw man ,img shiro voltron people with black hair with a white streak are my favorite gender like, i'd do that too wait i just realized .img veil of secrets male mc hot I GIVE UP THE OTHER DIAMOND HAIRCUT, BEST HAIR EVER also reuse these mcs for zombies @pixelberry ok this is a VERY random complaint: when the dialogue boxes feature everyone with their full name, but MC is only first name aka BB, aka VOS .img cal wolf form .img isobel primal agreed god, what happened was there a spongebob limp wrist emote or was i dreaming oh no, it just disappeared on my ipad for a min Poppay thats their ship name now can't blame you :/ go to emis drive, they have the new buttons cant blame you lol still accessible, Emis just moving them to a user named Adrian Raines (i think) https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1znKrQrRV8qqU7RZSXIkO6OUwSodcSa2C heres the SB drive np! https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d4LsN44WULNf3dtmFLjFQziX84rNRJtb yep! thats weird, i can access them just find :o i use the drive app, personally they're gonna make The Pregnancy Affair off topic but Drew, wanna play horrible roblox games with me lmao ok have fun lol what is it with bryce losing his memory and kissing a doctor can't wait to have no information i bet we're gonna see QB cover anddddddd that's it maybe it'll feature MC, Ina and Poppy? insiders is barely insiders at this stage, maybe it's a "uhhhh sorry for making this dumb VIP thing! uhhhh diamonds???" https://robintora.tumblr.com/post/661401176877727744/imagine-wearing-sweater-to-beach-im-screaming METTA, LOOK AT WHAT THEY DID TO OUR GIRLLLLLLLL life was hard for her after the cancellation of IL out of all the songs they could've chosen, they chose that? it's like they want the ad to fail :partay: noah and her are partying hard now turns out, sweater girl did the ILB chapter 1 ending :butwhy: i have no idea where to put 1001 chat but like... this is Annie from OH1, your first patient and here's the cg for her rash so many details off D: they were like i dont feel like sidelining my male players, just cut them out entirely probably 1001 its how the choices stuff is adapted they just give new character art and occasionally CGs like a Caleb vs Isa scene theres like, 3 nonwhitewashed characters Rowan and a few others Val is she looks like a scientist which is very white skinned :/ ngl, im impressed they gave them pants and stuff since the og portraits had no pants to go off of :/ also Kamilahs no longer an LI I THOUGHT THAT WAS DRAC what did they do to my boy theyll find a way once, someone whitewashed a dog by changing their name WeRateDogs renamed a dog, Kanan, to George from pink to purple also im ~~not at all~~ shocked that they just made their own white Hana nope, she isnt china has a homophobic government you cant have gay characters iirc they also genderlocked the HSS LIs ie: no dating Michael if youre male bad reputation basically i just remembered that Miitopia is 18+ in Russia due to homophobia at least TRR has the homophobia to an almost minimum? THEY NAMED MATT IN 1001 ROD RIGUEZ i only say this because Hanas the only queer character in Cordonia its a weird east asia thing male nipples arent drawn a whole ton its a similar story with Maybe (Korean app) each book is its own style, with its own textboxes and stuff gabriel is a GILK?? kiss it's the censored version of an adult word https://tenor.com/view/baddies-gay-stan-hello-kitty-pink-gif-12340930 me on the way to the nearest retirement home just deleting this because kids shouldn't know who she is i mean... i knew who she was when i was like 15 but thats besides the point BUT WHY babu is over whyyyyy  if you think that's cursed... i really really hate the haircuts in that ad this is missing TNA onwards and also before i read BB and stuff so yeah mildly updated tier @milquebun, i may have forgotten some book covers (TRF would be a high tier, TRH3 would be mid tier, OH3 is also midtier) i rank these based on dynamic posing, LI representation, accuracy to the series, and queerness iirc maybe some more but those are the main points if i docked it downwards, its likely for these reasons: bad representation of the book or LIs, poor silhouettes, the composition itself, or maybe something else im forgetting. things like colors are excluded since old books would be at a major disadvantage and i wanted to judge it more on how well itd stick out if all the colors washed away fair lol i never docked it for x doesnt look like x because artistic interpretations of what they look like are fun unless its OH3 oh3 proves that matches are real and they look like doctors (its good because its even clearer that technology advanced in the hospital, with ethan and mcs ipad and the bystanders, its bad that four LIs are just there. looking like that) also im buffing MWs cover to high tier. Sams pose clearly outlines her gun, the smirking Tull suggests that hes the big bad, and the paparazzi display that this is in LA its sorta like a better version of THM, as Sonias pose didnt outline her gun and its much clearer that the MCs are cops while THM is a little more ambiguous: is Sonia a cop or is she a criminal? hell, you even get a glimpse at their personalities, as Sams face is clearly bad cop with no nonsense glare, and Daves the good cop with a smirk, alluding to his suave and charm its my favorite too lmao it has the best LI representation, the most dynamic looking composition, etc. therere just many issues, like Bryces arm being VERY unfinished random opinion: book 3 cover ethan is hotter than actual ethan hell, the outfits are also incorrect for Bryce and Jackie Jackie should be in her dress and lab coat, while Bryce should have a lab coat grandpa ig lmao .img ilb cover they are i personally just say Arthur, since he drove a boat twice in book and also has a brown jacket damn, thats a different mood :judgeyfroge: that's... oddly terrifying she's always been mildly public, she posted this on reddit a lot who tbh i couldnt get *into* into ds the only character i wouldve romanced was jones and thats mainly because he's a scarred dilf jones was the opportunity for a scarred dilf li and they dropped it there were male lis in ame? wait there were LIs? bianca and slater were genuinely unique .img bibiana this still fucking pains me YES IN HC!!!! WHERE SHE IS ALREADY A MODEL i love that book it's ok but me rp'ing as a catty person is fun tbf she IS a girl LI especially a brown girl li i wish i were an xcal but no i'm conservativecal x is my default variable i know texas is conservative california can yall please make shiny pokemon i mean twxas ~~finally some actual commission uses~~   we could also cheat: || :SONIAWINK: || omg Mara name reveal also it's just putting a big target on yourself mlf discord     RAFAELS-BOOOOOOOOOOK have an emoji test if they use 2 emojis a sentence, be on the lookout uh oh, adam might be mlf needs more kpop boy emotes too tbh me too https://priyalacroix.tumblr.com/post/663049044553269248/selene-looks-almost-exactly-like-what-i-imagined brb crying in th club maybe MM? HER VOICE CLIPS i cant  also did they use Liams legs on that second ad? how did Olivia lose??? i thought this was gonna be like, The Apple Affair i love these people ivy is goegeous oshawott is just the cutest like, how can you not he can pretty rude at times, ngl i had some experience talking with him on the sub and shit and he's kinda... off putting he looks like a high school jock bully grown up https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/n3dl0w/if_lily_was_on_the_cover_as_she_should_have_been/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf oh wait, do you mind being pinged? i sent it too early and forget to disable it wtf is teachers pet? i can only think of QB maybe rod mc? i forgot about ingrid tbh wheres josephine whats the lock tho yes should i dm 8emi95 about access to the restricted files? i just wanna make an edit lol use a burner or something lmao anyways, i have to add her first wait whoaaaaa? send it to me milqueyyyyyy mine was tctf so im drawing in celebration of tctf ...i swear i didnt send this same Zadie when i hear "throw it back" i think of twerking and.. lahela Queen B mc also counts, right? maybeeee herrrr i like Kenna but omg TCTF was paywalled with max enjoyment also i hate her necklace, i cant tell if the other jewel is on the necklace or the armor my trr mc isn't a queen soo sadly no but it's okay, we have Kenna :lu's face:
(   \\/  )
 \   .  /
(        ) i love u zo (platonically) ~~god im glad she's getting screen time~~ a wild ride where jesus takes the wheel and satan makes speed bumps on the spot wheres that second song from? the first song is from DD only one of those had a, though miniscule, redemption arc :judgeyfroge: arent guy and vanessa already rich? also doesn't duke lose his riches? you better hope his treason plan works then let's hope you don't get marie antoinetted queen b 1 hair .img crown jewel qb THERE we go i hate this haircut wait i have another crime of fashion .img grandma tablecloth also i hate male ame smiles they just look like... they're smiling with a mask on those are his sleeves good god, the more i look at this bg, the worse it looks i get its old pb, but it still hurts like, there are a lot of layering issues, the chair legs and basket look super unpolished, the legs dont have shadows, etc. oh wait, it says tissues uhhhhhhh idk when PB cancelled the sequels i tried clicking on the video  NEW EMOTE?? mayyyyybbeeeeeee depends on the servers thoughts JenJudgesU me too lmao satanism is awesome thi i'll believe in myself, thank u my old episode was a moment its a mid gen the newest gen has more smooth shading and this one is like, 14 year old me old tna will have the chauffeur affair where sam cheats on mc with the new chauffeur after carter dies ~~says the ava montjoy pfp, i kid~~ god i hope they do amazingly maybe shes just his backup @Arzaylea me and @FraternalGemini made a white male LI tier list based on looks only we rated 1-5 (whole numbers only) averaged them and these are the results aka Ethan what do you mean two hours? ohhhh work  maybe i'll be able to stop by but no promises characters that are missing include: John, Hugh, Everett, Dakota, Marco, Cassidy, Jack, Bastien, F tier automaticallyor being Marco .img marco di vincenzo he's just an ugly LI HC LI, but he's automatically the worst since Luz and Hazel are there oh right, travis i forgot he existed too .img travis hc NOT THE RIGHT ONE GET THAT BENJI LOOK ALIKE OUTTA HERE the other Simon that's 2 months assuming there's no hiatus while it's better than the current system, it still sucks i just realized, we have three hot sister non LI characters, or SILFs for short (at least, so far) Scarlett Emerson, Katrina Harrington, and Lena Rys YES YOU CAN BITCH YOU TRY TO TELL ME THOSE WOMEN ARENT HOT .WHAT what about scarlett .img scarlett she may be mean, but damn shes so pretty and of course, the Lenas all of them. nsfw pls go away i deleted it for you aaron why is mm still vip the world still needs hot dad sigma behavior interesting Calves maybe Volmi? a little? volmi drew WEH, BSC2, BB3, etc Grant and Sam? laaaaaaammmmeeee  mechataur? ooooo snowball? i was gonna name Threep "Fluffball" in honor of Furball but alas america's not like that afaik lol, like we'll be able to afford that because haha, no universal healthcare america saddens me a lot of the time  no one did literally everyone bullies america about the healthcare system except capitalists man, if i werent american, the amount of happiness i'd have would skyrocket freedumb we "have" that you don't know what the caste system is? :( i learned about that in 6th grade it's a sucky system that's like, capitalism people who are poor are treated like crappy outsiders while people who are rich are treated better ~~communist/socialist screaming~~ i hated the new icon so much, i drew one myself didn't... did they use someone's gameplay for that OH ad??? because i recognize that mc! why cant he join me and bryce?  bear papi .img bryce zaid boss THE MODS REMOVED MY THIRST POST prolly MM? ronan from ame he's reused as a dad occasionally pretty sure in SK also he's in his 40s yep, he's MC's dad in SK dilfs tend to be in their 40s lol MC and Alexis but only if MC's Asian his name is Bill fair lol also it's Sunkissed poppy stans i'm october so yay? @FraternalGemini your thoughts? he's rich... I GOT AURORA I WON ghost lesbian! elliot killed eleanor omg Isabella? oddly fitting since we both have bel in our name i got the kid from ES he kinda looks like Aaron, wait just lighten his skin a lil, give him glasses Aaron (i mean @frat btw) i have found the one person who would buy the ame fit granted she has grandma energy W.WHAT? i would like to forget this happened https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/700807337493004378/735322727715569683/volmi-games-hospital-01.png tbh i cant tell if its marco or travis SOFIA STOLE MC'S OUTFIT OMG THERE IS 0 STRAIGHT EXPLANATION wait, Sienna got married!?!? and she's fatshaming her hubby!?!? omg that i laughed too hard at the LOA ad ok yall, youre getting adopted! whos your new mommy and how do you feel? theyre all evil except felicity and maybe yvette, idr her maybe youll get to go to Belvoire and romance Carter yourself sorry maybe i shouldve put tna mc in here uifdfius lawyer money at least unless she Turns you, no she might kill you in case she thinks you died and doesnt recognize you maybe you have a cat named Jill and youre actually Fae uh oh WHY DID THE MODS REMOVE MY POST I WANNA KNOW WHAT THEY THINK OF ANTAGONISTIC MILFS and Felicity she insulted her kids right in their faces i was gonna make that joke but wasnt sure if that was ok askskaklslslal main difference is how spoiled you as a child would become .shed probably be better than your irl mom since shes rich at least pm references are fucking out of control what is it with PB and Pop Tarts!? like, we have a ton in ILB already they taste like sweet depression and i love em especially if frozen for at least an hour you need to be 18+ to access it alongside other books that prominently feature sex like witness, tna, etc. dont lol would you like any other ones, like rep roles, pronoun roles, etc? ~~whyd i say dont again?~~ like, are you POC, gay, trans, etc. for example, i have POC, gay, non binary, he/him, and they/them for access to certain places and so you know how to refer to me lol also next time, if you want another role, pls go to #discord-suggestions-and-requests youre fine requesting here but just for neatness lol np! ~~are u related to Poki Chu on youtube by any chance hehe~~ its just pb drawing people the same imo like, their eyebrows and such are different, its just the mouth that are similar imo like PB has to stick by making every character conventionally attractive so they can't really play around proportions a whole lot imo random thing i miss: extremely unique postures like you try to find another character with posture like this nowadays, everyone's just BB MC's body like, i get why they swapped to just using the same bodies, but it'd be nice to see them reuse bodies with more "extreme" postures here's also very subtle changes i love like in Val's disguise outfit, she moves her hands to her front .img val fancy .img val dress tctf too bad you can't see it  yep also extras didn't have legs DAAAAMN will would become more of a hook up like dom being an LI with him is super last minute also dom would be able to be more MLM so like, not totally horrible shoutouts to the time they made a girl face away from the center did it work? not necessarily but it was unique and you could tell it's her from a silhouette god, 1001 tctf just makes so many GPILFs also Val in her dress laziness  is it just me or does she look like Maria drawn on a bumpy bus ride isn't that just anyone with the Tobias body like Nick .img Nick .img Carter see what do you mean? because like that's every male LI ever same with male MC actually .img male es mc full AAAGHGHHHH .img endless summer mc WAHT that's literally every male LI, aaron helene's always been pretty imo there isn't an LI with one hand/hip pose outside of chris iirc i mean like not necessarily resting weirdly on their pelvis like tatum idk i hate that body because the hand is super awkward god i want that energy again but pb's like "eh, whatever we do ~~for diamonds~~ is gonna piss them off anyways, idc anymore" they turned down her scariness to up the milfiness idk she gives me lady d vibes he always did .img whitlock god light is so weird GILF LOOK IT'S MY HAREM anime boys does lucas' professor count in IL also a cultist and stuff I HATE THIS I FUCKING HATE THIS @DaHomieDrew LOOK AT THIS BULLSHIT emote ideas the bottom one has indescribable energy its fart correction THE EYES ARE HORRIFIC https://tenor.com/view/white-mans-whore-cry-tears-sad-gif-15107776 hey i might as well add fuel to the fire you lit yourself metta got an alt .oof for TCTF chinese fans like, omega oof they DO have my grandpa husband  the entire budget is going into character art since bgs are already drawn so like it's called yassification anyways, Marge is cooler, she's yassified EVEN THE AD NAMED HER AVA he DOES have a kink fit that i made NOOOOO I GOT THE AD WAIT HER FACE yes apparently who tf designed this textboz like wow thats a lot of effort :samhelpme: it's completely unique, afaik heartwarming HISSSSSS MTFL Heartattacking .img best mc save the poor mc saaaaaaammmeee sloane and thomas i got a dilf and a nerd we have liam's other twin Lee half brother @FraternalGemini any way is ok @FraternalGemini i yassified her even further maybe she basically looks like that Miley meme but with more racial ambiguity i'll make it worse actually @Priyudi i yassified your girlfriend yassified winter vibes only idea wait who? wait idea; yassified theme i yassified the resident dilf @Akuna Matata in hindsight, i shouldve made it a thread i fucking wheezed kio u need to see this @Metta ok sandy cheeks @FraternalGemini i yassified him even further and... i... he's a race bender  this is giving ariana vibes i yassified drew pierce, i am immune go ahead, he lost a drag race in another server  caleb from hss https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/898650410401816646/916438252959977502/60.PNG the results D: the bodybuilder is white LoA MC with the OH curls OH GOD THE WIDOW IS LEONA FROM THE FRUIT AD eggplant if you remember the fruit ad, she makes suggestive eyes at eggplants, cucumbers and bananas https://v.redd.it/m6u1f8gle2h41/HLSPlaylist.m3u8?a=1641165543,MDg0NmY3MTdmZDQ5MGJlMGQyNmE3YmVhY2JjMmZjMjAzZTNkOTRmYTdlZGM5NTQ5YzNkYmQ0MjRhM2NhMmE3Ng%3D%3D&v=1&f=sd&utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf ill never forgive whoever made bryce floss i yassified @Bee Aggressive's wife queen of blood i also ruined @Metta's horror wife i mean yassified I YASSIFIED BARTIE YO I MADE 1001 GABRIEL .img 1001 gabriel :pixelbartie: it prolly cant detect a nose also she basically spoils whats in it anyways on image 1 and fucking WATERMARKS IT TOO ARE YOU KIDDING ME SJDKJSKSSKK yes both i mean, it's on the cover like what's the point of having a warning if they're right there, unsolicited, a single tap away mainly because it's skippable which i still appreciate are we even getting that or is it just an empty promise ~~bisexual warning in wb~~ they changed it so it's less obvious but now it reads like werewolves are a third gender ugh i give up wb players know what i meant rip Morgan as a gender neutral name lol because pb's running out they prolly scrapped it pretty early on since they look extremely similar to the ILB MCs it's quite honestly just the ILB MCs but like, tweaked by 10 pixels EXACTLY also the white man's hair is just the PM hair cut lu-sbian anyways, their scrapping was far earlier than like, Morgan they seem to be very good friends  prolly not he doesn't sing raleigh and avery do whats a platinum i never played a platinum ~~i did~~ luser goc and races it honestly really is, kik kio replace the im with lee in your nickname mara "simp" wrong everett omg kayden! wrong julian again bots are made to be broken my achy breaky bot GOD DAMN :dead: why did they plaster on a fake name onto the mc like, it's not even subtle it's a huge ass LINDA IM LINDANA AND I WANNA HAVE FUN ...yes .oh also my PB meeting was soooo much better roe4 i named the business  a cult space necessary apparently MLF deactivated good for her ngl i thought Locusta was dean Geoffe .img geoffe random pb roast: they cannot match foundations im looking at COP transparents and they havent learned from Blaine  sadge in all honesty idk here's how you hurt fans same energy as that steve harvey meme ,img steve harvey laugh meme i'm getting pretty tired of TNA music ngl like there's at least one use in every other chapter, i swear thats called most wanted SHES MAKING AN AHEGAO FACE STOOOOP me when pb sidelined black women characters .... sigh https://youtu.be/CWNbgg256GQ go to around 18 minutes or the one they advertised the most it looks like an ahegao face if you know what that is the jacket weird creepy guys wear in public, sometimes in high school i saw two or three people wearing them not even a weeb, worse if i ever change my pronouns to exclusively they/them, and i got that ho.... ugh milf poppy came crawling back to carter tbf you can seduce anyone with the seduction skill wait we should make that an emote.   outdated .img sibling hairstyle swap i should do another one of these im not a fan personally, my fingers at the bottom and like, home makes sense because i dont wanna accidentally tap home but the closet, not so much i screamed what like three times but why .img red carpet diaries never forget the og logo i will never get over how ugly the new ones are idk why they changed it, maybe the old fonts didnt support the languages? .img red carpet diaries 2 i miss that big 2 pb's prolly been planning to expand the languages for a long time since they changed the text fonts to support names with accents she talks in english now when does BP take place idr the month but like, near the end Court gets married imagine if witness was a vip early access book or mtfl literally who is in charge of organizing the top 10 because sr replaced wb afaik wtd is a pretty huge project since there's a billion new art sets, music and such probably sofia when she sees MC and Sam in the same room wish she colored the red parts purple  i thought the orange on the uniform was his bare back shakshaksiw anyways idk the morality of editing an edit a little but i recolored the jersey to be purple and yellow can you repost the first one in cursed chat? the text is nsfw .img garrus i thought this guy was garrus i will i miss the closet and settings icons rolling in ever since they changed the closet icon's area, the icons dont roll anymore she looks like a young brunette mona with that haircut .img mona tell me they have different hair, ya cant moana MC is Mara, we're the others and the person she's doing that to is Duke Richards whose weave did she steal? white dakotas or courtneys? maybe its dakotas because ||theyre dead, so they have no need for the weave|| did @FraternalGemini post this? i think i found an exploit for mining diamonds, BRB because i think my diamonds carried over but i can restart to an earlier chapter, but i may have misremembered my diamond count 1: get two devices that can play choices, like an emulator and your phone
2: go to a book where you're already on the finale. (Best would prolly be THOBM or MTFL, but since I'm testing this out, I'll update this later) Make sure both games are on the finale by going to Device 2 and swapping its save data with Device 1.
3: mine the finale on Device 1 and end the book, then swap to Device 2 and have it remember the save data from its profile. Then make Device 1 remember Device 2's save file since there is a discrepancy. disclaimer: i don't know if this is true yet, so i'll do some testing first! idk idk how to jailbreak or anything like that on ios ILITW easy, just don't befriend MC anyways, i just have to make sure i have a little bit of nerve at the end @DaHomieDrew @FraternalGemini YO THIS EXPLOIT WORKS IT FUCKING WORKS HOLY SHIT it takes a key but you don't HAVE TO FINISH THE WHOLE SERIES JUST THE LAST CHAPTER also this only completes the book twice however, 30 diamonds is better than 15 so ye just be sure to finish on your other device too it's because the 15 diamond reward carries over also i already did anyways, more testing to be done BUUUUT i found a huge exploit that i dont encourage spreading outside of friends 



 i got a snake did they white wash asian oh mc???? *cries in three moles on my face* we do not talk about TRR MC cg the guy trio is ok but MC.... .img trr mc cg scary ALSO BE SURE YOU DONT COLLECT THE DIAMONDS RIGHT AWAY, THEY MIGHT DISAPPEAR WHEN YOU TRABSFER SAVE FULES who did it better, Floppy or Perseflope update to this: make sure both games are on the finale chapter because once you complete the book on Device 1, make Device 2 remember its save data so it bumps you to the finale (with a key lock) basically, itll make you loop to the finale forever.
EDIT: IT FUCKING DOES I DID THE ROE FINALE A BUNCH OF TIMES did they yassify maxwell? aaron, is this a yassified maxwell look at your roles lu and aaron you get one too raj es and chaz roe god, take a shot every time they say Desire MC's name or the female LI's gonna be named Desiree yes tbh i feel like they should make insiders every other month we barely get any new information these days jesus christ, untamable has 10000000 horses the banner https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/751470036769833160/938880917928312913/IMG_7796.png?width=680&height=1040 i'm naming mc "Horse Girl" i'm already not into yeehaw land so like i mean like, yeah the covers are nearly identical one's just outside and the other's in a stinky barn but anyways, it's just BSC in the barn i swear if they use BSC mcs again, i'll cry those mcs are just so unappealing to me, i can't play because of it it's also (conveniently enough) why i cant play ptr if i can't be hot, i wont exist why the fuck isn't this saving as a vid anyways, that one qb ad used two songs from cop wayyyy before it released i honestly have no idea how to fix it because it just... transforms to a data file and idk what suffix i need to give it interesting why the fuck does my computer like, make a .data file or some shit first she's also the BaBu sister for brown mc .img neck so thicc is it just me or do characters emote less than before? me diamond mining thobm and such prolly distorted this but idr characters usually staying at :| for long periods of time idk, just a gut feeling ig because something like in WTD in chapter 1, you and Brynn make a mad dash out of the lab brynn is literally gasping as she talks but she's not surprised for some reason yes .img eat my ass poppy i have no idea why MC wasnt mad or happy here lol makes sense idk holy what 16????? no wonder they dont color code the emotions something i wanted in horror books is like, mortified surprised like, tears, extreme cringing, a bit of blood it's been 10000 years since i saw an effect speaking of bb, i hate that BB mc doesn't get a D:< expression just a ):< same with Rheya i personally cant get into rc's art style because the cyan rim lighting is really unappealing for me the red rim lighting is nicer for me still hate that he's only ever surprised ~~shouldve been able to keep the rope for other things, smh~~ i just had the most evil laugh idk why it also popped out when i read "yassified guillotine" holly? oh no this is chrissy chlapecka bimbo extraordinaire and i love her https://vm.tiktok.com/TTPdkBdbX7/ she's like, a pioneer on the bimbo rise we need more choices bimbos ...she has some videos where she impersonated ariana https://vm.tiktok.com/TTPdkBeMAg/ dumb and hot fem person there are thembos, bimbos, himbos, herbos, many sort of dialects oh god we summoned fray just say "-bo" and he comes a runnin ask his dead mom HIS NAME IS FRENCH? oh god, drew thirsts over him and he's viet ~~colonization joke~~ i thought it was Pierre he's like bryce not a himbo by necessity but himbo by honor .img bimbo proof is in the pudding himbo is a COMPLIMENT that's literally you we're calling you hot and you dont have to be generic dumb to be dumb you can be like, street smarts dumb himbo layhurs does not understand what makes a himbo, there fore he is a himbo because he does not understand reminder that chiropractors don't necessarily need a license or medical degree so be careful when considering one is there such thing as a smart himbo a nerdbo? himbrain what the dog doin i was never a fam guy person the humor just isnt for me ig list it lies understandable it's... a show thay exists it's super simplistic animation so things like that are done in a week same with jokes and such there is. so much to unpack here the erased belly button, dr myra sprite, etc. belly buttons are ugly or something idk tbf, you still have a big belly after giving birth for a bit most random complaint: i dislike when surprised characters have no teeth ~~if anything the fandom should complain more for more free diamonds~~ theyre all low key liminal spaces OK THE NOAH ONE HURTS sofia's a girlboss, why cant i get with herrrrrr like, i get Sam is supposed to get the MILF/DILF market but their character is just not appealing to me what were they thinking at that spot tho like it's one thing to be in a stall together, it's a whole different thing to be on the sink the germs  NAUR so i got metta's woman jeez i can count the pixels in her hair compression and for her dyed hair, maybe she dyed it blue but because of apocalypse, she can't regularly redye it to get the same color? this is untitled black led book btw update: you can have your progress get to a later stage in the book but its super inconsistent and im not entirely sure on how it works but what i theorize is to have device 2, the one with the save data youre remembering, be at the latest stage and have it be uploaded to the server then on Device 1, you can choose server data so it goes to the latest point i dont know for certain but i think this is how it works. for reference, this only happened to me twice. one starting near the cafe and another starting near the secret in THOBM ame not so much but vos yes when they smiled tho speaking of thm faces, did LOA have any diamond hairs or no he hot same with bolas mcs i dont even think pb cares anymore what is this .img coltrane ,img coltrane this is voltra now i think thats a sax yall dont impulse buy food? impulse purchases are just a norm of capitalism im gonna impulse cook pb after i found that diamond mining exploit oh hey, PS is free princess swap not vip PB YOU FUCKING LIAR i got drac and abbie abbie is on thin ice and drac is on even thinner ice god these ads are so boring  why are the LIs so pale in that fanart if yall are the LIs from WTD why are you white omg karen, you cant ju hasnt stopped them from that one extremely rewritten wb scene babe wake up, new choices ads dropped ughhhhh if only we had a higher quality version of this ad WHAT IS THIS FACE i thought she was an MC not me romancing every one of them i cant believe lu, our favorite ho, doesnt touch balls why have one hottie, when you can have them all? i cant get intimate with eli since he gets a pretty gory scar until it heals, i cant go all the way  yes they are but they need to heal first blood is just eeeeee i cant improvise with new holes isnt he the creeper in LOA? i forgot who he was in VOS hes like, the beanie flannel guy .img tony rez hes like, an adjusted version to me and? are you suggesting mc doesnt peg him? i mean like all choices LIs are made to be conventionally attractive and that includes muscular people so like he prolly has steely buns ians cheeks are so steely, they dont move tho tbh most modern choices characters have steely buns. i feel like theyre no longer very expressive outside of other faces being less used i wanna see both sets of teeth when people are surprised, pb i wanna see all the sclera around the eyes aka why i like mals mad expression gimme tears pb ~~aka me gushing about rcs screaming face for two minutes~~ .img mal full view i know his first view was his mad face do it i think bolas is overrated but i like it still there're two of them .img nia i made a brunette edit of her wait you ever romanced Jake from ES? thats him but like, fantasy'd pb is pretty consistent in making samey LIs so you prolly romanced a "sarcastic and hardened LI before with bits of trauma" there's like, two different versions of PB Brooding "i make jokes about my trauma" brooding and "i am cold and mean but have a lot of depth" brooding mal falls in the first one i need to get back into fictiffffff i recognize the catboy, i just didnt reach him yet because i'm not used to the text being at the bottom of the screen ~~i mainly complain since the faces aren't color coded~~ i hope she's ok soon enough lol tbh same why would she be mad, she knows its fake i wonder why they never reused ROE, TF or HSS/CA haircuts i get why they never reused DD since they're out of style like sorta out of style edit: mullet what do you call a halloween spin off of a canceled book? ||most haunted|| so that's where the anime artstyle comes from mood HER HANDS i'm pretty sure they copy pasted them from like, Drew MM and only removed the wrinkles ohhhh so that's the mistake mc ||chopped off a kid's finger|| gross warning surrender x wake the dead oh god, now i wanna see like unconventional weapons what if the team just ports over ILW like wait no never mind i thought theyd just release il3 on there but since theres no coding, i doubt itd work https://pixelberrystudios.helpshift.com/a/storyloom/?p=all still hasnt happened to me personally only once in fictif why do they keep using this yassified Jess sprite  also her hand terrifies me and she's belly buttonless again it's the eyebrows looking like an n jess prolly snorted coke once not how i imagined the disappearance of BB mcs but here we are this person RANTED like jesus yassified adrian looks like a grown cody from ilitw yassified animal doesnt help that the hexagons are nearly the same isnt this just bisexual surrender spouse is cheating on you, you get divorced and you have the hots for your lawyer how did i misread boss as lawyer tbh she would do that tbh i couldn't even tell that was originally white ian nice job ad, you misspelt the biggest word (this is a tna affair ad that was posted earlier. i just noticed the typo now) Eariler this is a lewk you know, i just realized we never got to see OH hairs in ILB hairs other than that shitty bob it also exposes the mc's neck, and like the student neck is so *big* it did  like charlie i'd be pretty ok with charlie being an MC option ngl at the very least like, mix the new MCs together like, FA MC, RT MC, LOA MC, SW or Surrender MC bam, new mc set with very minimal effort needed Asian ILB MC needs a breaaaaak  Edna Mode called, she wants her wig back ,img edna mode oh hey thats interesting idk if its just me but i'd like if pb would introduce a new set of mc's after four books or they can skimp out and do 3 new mc's and a returning mc what kinda name, pb i guess theyre experimenting with youtube ads? but it actually fills the screen fighting game book when day one of fucking with choices loading screens himbeau mcgraab random thing i noticed: all the non binary goc books have VOS faces FA has 3 VOS, COP has 7 VOS, and TCH has 3 tbh ill GLADLY take her back im tired of ILB faces PB literally just shifted the OH face issue to ILB mc poor girls need to breathe  wait random thing but i want these haircuts for mcs .img layla .img brynn li the only new brynn is black white is Eleanor Waverly with a TF NPC haircut, asian is Holly Chang from RCD with a haircut from OH i think, and we know brown the last time we got a full new set of faces was BOLAS but for just one/two brand new faces, it was TCH and the rest are AME technically BOLAS, but we havent seen the elves or orcs then those are bloodbound mcs nope, just two MCs wtd too, they reused ILB and OH faces except thr Hispanic MC was new OH was the last full female set and the thing is, they dont HAVE to reuse 3 year old faces at this stage, since we can just add up previous faces SB, FA, WB, SR, LOA, UT, SW, and RT can be mixed and matched for a new set i had 6 iirc, i dumped kaitlyn and i never dump an LI otherwise either i romance everyone then settle, or i only romance one li madison said bimbo rights wait is she a bimbo MC would have clear skin abbie and tyler would be kicked off campus for their fights zig and kaitlyn never meet random thing i dislike: choices women wearing labcoats theyre always vacuum sucked to the back it could just be naturally highlighted its harder to notice in a more quality screenshot i feel https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/751490530386509895/930632410335420416/IMG_6855.png tumblr's like many people are so cool and then you meet the anti sex thoughts, everyone? we are ios users, babe not everyone has the means to an emulator  could i? yes just mine THOBM instead do i want to? nah but... my exploit god imagine this were implemented and i just got 400 diamonds every time i replay MTFL itd take at least 16.5 days ya know, i wonder how many characters have butt chins idk why but seeing black hss mc having one made me wonder how many there are like beau nothing the neck doesnt even match  and mac hero IS coming actually let's tag some LIs here (tsundere: mean/sweet and flip flops quickly. deredere: just loving all around. yandere: pretends to be sweet, is actually a murderous psychopath) those are the same thing and its spelt Kuudere i googled it and they're just.... way too similar for me to care i legit thought someone was confused but no, there's actually a distinction @FraternalGemini rank the catfish i think jack is honestly better in game oh absolutely it's the cheekbones he has like none, while the cover sharpens them its always this girl when pb needs a cop one second, was jax's rim lighting always on the wrong side? usually the rim lighting's behind the character so yeah tag yourself, are you gamer girlboss, goth girlboss, or toxic girlboss fun fact: if you dont have vip but were in the middle of reading a chapter before it ran out, you can still read it it's to pull a Bloodbound 1 cover thing .img bloodbound 1 see why not i think he has cassius's hair no, that's Toby Yass completely different man oh wait is this the first time we saw someone get decapitated in an ad so i was diamond mining interesting glitch... yall, i found THE glitch but messed up the execution :KEK: i'm a scorpio/water but like i dont particularly care about star signs outside of "oh thats cute" if your dad was almost entirely absent in your life, then it probably isnt that weird. if he was, then it's weird and MTFL was originally gonna be ghe june book probably if it's the damn ILB mcs again, i will cry oh no wait did ID even reuse MTFL mcs or is it just straight up the OGs i forgot there was a baby doll asset oh hi Evelyn FA, FA MC with Aisha's wig and i think Black AME MC the babies are floating and the mid has an extra hand... when isnt she? wed the dead yall remember weird ava on the left? what happened to her  plot twist: she's a new LI and she was leaked way beforehand .img tony he just looks like the middle stage of Drew the dad and Tyler the firefighter omg Drew's a mom morgan her style is cool but i hate hypocrisy milf i felt like derailing the convo hehe wait, how many girlboss/malewife couples do we have in choices i know ILB MC/Tom's an example i... guess? trystan doesn't strike me as a malewife girlboss, yes but MC's not a malewife girlboss, maybe lowkey, bryce and mc bryce has malewife energy, idk why it's the same thing for his himbo energy cuz he's not a himbo, but he has the energy does Lina from LOA count  the robin/britney lookalike god, there are layers on her reuseness old face, old name, old last name who is adelaide .img adelaide annelyse ye .img annelyse neither are malewife, both are absolutely girlboss oh my god, definitely Girlboss Malewife corruption Girlemployee, boygirlfriend https://preview.redd.it/snfgeo1aar371.png?auto=webp&s=41a1747bc00ec78d1f1da15282b408a1b2ae0d66 great i just remembered this Sam and Dave Sam's absolutely a girlboss Dave's lowkey a malewife like, lowkey lowkey samdy cheeks Wait TEVAN IS A MALEWIFE we have our crown/flame girlboss malewife duo unless you don't save him Imtura and MC for girlboss malewife he's like killable so PB constantly forgets about him ya know, did Annelyse/Val ever get reused? because ik Tevan, Diavolos, and Raydan did Sei too ~~honestly surprised Rose never got reused~~ rose is one of the characters ever from tctf you remember roe? all i remember is the gist of ROE4 and thats because i played it 90000 times .img rose lmao, not even the bot remembers Rose is it just me or do like half of all old ladies in choices have the name Eleanor yall spent diamonds to save her? there's Waverly, St. Claire, Rys, etc yea but like not THAT stereotypical use like, Gretchen just play the walkthrough ngl, walkthroughs prolly are why we'll never get free premium choices ever again  TCTF and MW ran so BOLAS could... stroll? flirt yea pretty much if i can't seduce like Threep's cousin then what's the point of living imagine that reality, waiiiiiit evil nespurs exist, so you flirt in cat sam definitely has the hots for cassie and alyssa for sam u cant tell me otherwise there prolly is i remember stumbling on a MW2 fanfic screen shot https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/choices-stories-you-play/images/f/fa/MW08-17-2016AnnouncementonFBpageforCoD.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20190228201906 ya know, i just realized how much more the title COP means now since CoD and MW are both like generic crime names, so is COP i kinda wanna like make this a series with choices characters uhhh from what i remember
IL, SB, WTD i think he's that generic sprite? .img dad rod like, top right i think new guy's jaw/cheek is more defined which one is he, hispanic? https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/751489338386153585/801086599664107530/image0.png @Priyudi here fitting tbh you can't make ghosts charging in going OOOOOOOOOO not funny THE MIKE WAZOWSKIFICATION go to emi's drive, find a favorite book and go to large cards she reproduces asexually why? did she run out of hand sanitizer germ an i'm making a dad joke  i kinda see it since tons of new books feature BDSM TPS could've been the new TRR since it offers that escapism however, it wasn't that popular i think guess how i ranked the books i put TRH3 in the wrong place, i didnt read that one the top 3 books have a hint another hint: i'm probably wrong about the "there isnt" category fae was kinda close it's not about a certain sprite ||gun violence|| nath-- i never played BSC  country's not my thing until it's stardew there was? hero's not a fav of mine tbh they're both country names tbf never let me name the villain  idk = quick tap idr = played but don't remember perhaps but i fast tapped for the gems i did too tbh i saved oberon cuz he's hot god i hope they de-alien more characters. pax's body was eventually re-done for a pirate in ds i think lipbalm's girlfriends are buff and i love them and then you can literally perish at the end but why would i tbh understandable, have a good fay i was gonna correct that but nah so true i mean how could u not love her i think i'm gonna go for zekei cuz i love his hair but dont quote me on that ~~if or when i reinstall choices, that is~~ tbh Zekei's a bi disaster for going after both MC and their brother https://youtu.be/ven3UgzswBo literally zekei fair tbh .img quandry he's kinda Deimos .img deimos i wish her body was used more often for muscle ladies ellara? hehe .img lyra uhhh zaniah and holmes? eos has 4 he had Lyra, Deimos, Zekei and Oberon and he could flirt with quan, right four if mc's not into zekei this keeps me up at night occasionally this and oberon being hot are why i spent diamonds on him that's like every time mc doesn't get matching hair options tbh like MOTY MC if u play asian ~~not sure about the other ones, asian's just my moty mc~~ I KNOWWWW the hair was horrible  both they all have terrible smiles too  FUCK YOU CHAZZHOLE anyone remember that one chaz rp account on reddit crash deserves a good bf yep https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/c5a2s0/adapting_choices_books_chazz_style/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf i chose Black MC with the ginger hair in STD and i think i went from White to Asian in RCD, both with black hair there was also a Justin Mercado RP account but that one was deleted  ~~anyone remember niamh~~ understandable but i'd just jump ship tbh i already did and i just moved to like webcomics or something yea pretty much never forget Sofia lived in the woods, survived and now she's with the thing that lives in the woods like... it's not gonna change. you'll know it'd change if they change the icon to like, idk the OG, but that's not now it's a sunk cost fallacy thing tbh cuz i remember experiencing this with fire emblem heroes capitalism  me when sims 4 is still alive after 8 years at least base game is f2p now? it's not fun but it's free ~~vs pirating tho~~ i dont really consider that cuz Ben was in book 1 but late, kinda like Minuet/Eva from Hero oops typod lmao i am a whore for horatio i think he was the first ever screenshot, in his cowboy hat i mean imagine how powerful lh could've been if like everyone in ghe friend group was an LI does Khaan/Alana count? cuddles probably random cursed fact, cecile has small arms