It feels so weird only having 3 active books Guess that means I can stockpile diamonds from daily bonuses I wish they would go back and do something similar to HSS The closest we've gotten to something like that is MOTY which was a good book *cough* MTFL *cough* She couldn't make up her mind, meanwhile I'd made my decision by chapter 10 But boy did that book make me rich Hows everyone doing tonight? I worked until midnight tonight, and I go back in at noon tomorrow Do you guys want to hear a very unpopular opinion? Ok here it is Sunkissed actually wasnt all that bad of a book There, I said it I paid for a lot of the diamond scenes, so I feel like I got a lot out of it. The central theme was loss/grief which I relate to a lot because Ive experienced a lot of it in my own family So I felt like I really connected with the characters And honestly, as forced as he was, Nate really was the best LI for MC But I do agree he was forced af Some people say it was boring, but I saw it as realistic. There wasnt really any crazy over the top drama or unlikely scenarios (hss ca trip to London) I see where youre coming from I do feel like it had a lot of potential to be better and it was a far from perfect book, but it also doesnt deserve all of the hate that it gets Paywalling books has become the new standard for PB unfortunately I mean look at the clusterfuck that is witness I stopped playing it after chapter 3 I almost forgot that book existed Ive tried to erase it from my memory I had no idea until today that PB made Cause of Death. I loved that game and I used to play it all the time!! Me too. I really enjoyed it. The first thing I actually noticed when I started playing Choices was how similar it felt to CoD Can we get a CoD crossover with Most Wanted? lmao My favorite character was definitely Mal I thought I recognized the name Yes, Natara's dad was the president of Mansingh And his name was Raj, who is also in RoE If EA let them resurrect CoD, they could make a lot of money I just went back and checked, and apparently I downloaded CoD on October 2nd, 2011 I did not realize it's been that long Same. I'm replaying MOTY right now I'm in college lol it's rough QB isn't really old enough to be a classic lmao The Bartie sprite will forever haunt me Hey guys hows everyone doing? @Arzaylea HFTH book 2? Lmao @( ) milquetoast  Im fan freaking tastic. Just turned 21 Thank you!! Thanks! Thanks everybody! I guarantee you that the Choices team pays more attention to the Reddit than we realize Wouldnt be surprised if they had people in this Discord lmao Maybe its me True Choices insider Nah make BaBu 3 Or better yet Witness 2 The fan base would riot I am really excited for Foreign Affairs actually It looks like it has the potential to be really good Hopefully PB doesnt screw it up Same Based off of the Insider newsletter it looks pretty good That poll actually told us a lot about it Exploring campus means were probably students Its not gender locked Lol Im behind on discussions I need to catch up 50 chapters away from 1k completed ayyyy I could literally diamond mine MTFL and hit it lmao I have 47 chapters of MTFL that I havent read Yeah I have it Ez pz VIP is definitely worth it lol I get 15 free diamonds a day and unlimited keys I havent been below 100 diamonds since the day I got VIP Currently sitting at 141 Lol I feel that The only reason I can afford it right now is because I had a couple of relatives pass away recently and they left me a little bit of money Yeah its been a bit rough Wow they just dropped a ton of info in the new newsletter Continuing conversation from #scandals-without-apples Honestly if PB had continued HSS and morphed it into TF, it would've made the series ten times better and it could've been a huge cash cow We know Rory is at least 16 because she drives But yeah... MC is not https://tenor.com/view/antm-escandalo-j-alexander-sorpresa-gif-10483428 I really like the way they did MOTY Just the right balance between romance and parenting Nothing too crazy over the top And their law scenes were actually fairly well done, not perfect but you gotta have drama in there somewhere And it really highlighted the struggles of being a single parent Part of me wants a sequel, part of me doesn't because I liked the ending I'm replaying it and just finished that chapter earlier today I feel like this would be a great book for a holiday special It really is Yeah fair I'm excited for everything coming in '21 TRH over 9000 I can't wait for the lawyer book Yeah according to the end of the year newsletter, a lawyer book is coming in 2021 Hows everyone doing tonight? Im replaying MOTY I forgot how good this book is I actually connect a lot with it Yeah Im the same way. Didnt really relate with the mom (but I definitely understood her) but I related a hell of a lot with the kid My mom went through two divorces before I was 16 Both pretty messy Finally made it to 1k ayyy Did you guys see the latest newsletter? I'll catch up Trying to decide which one to replay first, Class Act or TF. I just finished replaying HSS I agree