lol I'm abit chaotic cuz I can't make my mind up swapped again  PB upping their CG game EWWWWW they're rancid, BURN EM ALL with a fire? spiders can survive worse lmao it's gone SpoilerLand is gone it's a sad moment how? we need a distraction from the grief feels weird being back to 3 hour key gang after 1 month of being spoiled by VIP yup from infinite key binging to 3 hour key binging after getting VIP I prioritized WEH first cuz that was why I bought VIP then I binged the other VIP books after that a replay of AME and BB. After some convincing I binged the whole TRR series just to catch up before TRH3 release and binged DnD for Annabelle > Sounds like you got the most out of it
@ I got u to thank  u made a compelling argument abt TRR and DnD AVSP, WEH make VIP worth it imo dw, I cried too but still loved it for what it did the world building especially same blonde female @Hayley same AVSP dialogue and buildup was fabulous FAX. ohh hell yea I mean hello? babe alert is it just me or does this new server feel stricter than the old one? thats how I feel not that not channel names, just the server feels so different. For better or worse nothing really I agree with Reese, this place does feel like a hollow shell of it's former self true ye > Lets just say its like eating a burger everyday in your fav restaurant, and then the restaurant closes so you have to eat on a nother one
@YukkiMons can't argue with that lol gnight oh I'm not the one sleeping it's only 4pm for me now streaming books will be a distant memory till I can afford VIP again how'd u check? T!rank meh "I shall tender my resignation at once" - Vasco the most iconic words from TRM xD same 11:25am for me Monday is my day off too lmao well irl doesn't usually have a hot professor who has a crush on u xD yea can't wait for next week's QB chapter lol I mean QB also has u grading papers and I'm down for that xD lol we came as a TA to be close to Kingsley facts but WHY LEXI? eww lmao lmao reminds me of Kingsleys Tinder profile nice lmfao so u have a master degree @Metta ? nice unofrtunately I'm planning to drop out, I'm not happy abt ruining my future but if it's between that and my mental health and sanity I'll take it like what? thats true also changed my pfp  swapped it for the full view of her dress instead of the one from a convo snip agreed YESSS Mackenzie's wedding dress has a foking cape xD agreed also she's not in a dress either CAPE yea agreed yes tho does that mean Avery counts as one? oh yea YAS yea TRH3 is the last TRH3 final chapter we'll ||have our birthday and a flashback sequence from day one from our journey I think|| not really no I mean it depends I prefer the female LI's rather than male I prefer WLW than straight xD I went for Shreya and Aster lol REEE secodned lol ye or a collective bang xD I mean Damien was the only one that showed some resistance ye I mean BB only got 4, got nothin over PM's 5 xD oh shii now thats a harem if I've ever seen one nope I think PM2 was released before BB3's 5some? then that makes sense PB didn't know what lines to cross yet YES, gimme that sandwich TF had sex scenes ye TNA broke everything with it's premiums TNA pushes it more than the other 17+ books imo the TNA party sex scene was MHMM surprised they got the WLW so great they even said ||orgasm|| neked alert the later chapter at least say the kids are already asleep yea nope never played :ohgodohduck: Bud and Bob Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dumb lol EWWW BURN IN HELL lol I have 2 phones so I can purify one lmao GO TO BED lol Bartie and Bartia no clue I'm gonna try and read the Kingsley premium again, idk how much willpower it'll take xD I'm trying to finish SK good ol days I mean I'm doing it to bump up my chapters complete numbers rn I'm on ard 1120ish chapters VIP subscription bumped it up from ard 880ish I mean if we talk abt spoilers, why not hacked apks? we are basically doing illegal shit the moment we arrive here xD oop I modded CSR Racing 2 and it was somewhat enjoyable Lovestruck is tough all I want is to romance Helena yea I mean nothing can be better yep 1 chapter has 12 episodes there are 12 chapters total iirc? so thats 144 episodes I read some more of the Kingsley premium, boy it's hot I can't experience it fully cuz it's shagged but it's still nice I tried to edit it myself tho it didn't work out very well yea I am an impatient lad so I can't wait for Saturday xD lol I played football as a defender, Basketball as defender too I also played some volleyball no, soccer any plans for the day @Metta ? today I mean game and probably try and read the QB Kingsley premium again tho tbh unless I can know how dialogue works, reading the Premium is going to be hell exactly unless I understand the dialogue, this'll be a brainfuck oop stressed tf out trying to find a job so I can leave college behind me I thought u loved Med School? @ idk why listening to OH soundtrack makes me peaceful and yet sad? Latin? never PIG Latin on the other hand flashbacks to AME3 xD Pig Latin rules are confusing the whole language is a clusterfuck man, I'm getting some flashbacks on my first time playing OH1 it was beautiful (3 hour key gang still sucks) man I can barely comprehend my native language lmao I feel like I'm in French alpha, beta, gamma, delta, omega yadda yadda yadda theta, mu blah blah blah nope lol until we get actual teleporters my internet heela slow am I the only one who wanted more Cleopatra bang time in ACoR? one scene cannot quench my thirst xD but Sabina was great more Sabina AND Cleopatra > pB rarely gives us what we want tbh
@Metta true they give us more of what we DON'T want rather than what we ACTUALLY want a good example is BaBu2 lol let's not forget SK also we wanted great ending for DS? fuck no they gave us shit ending same true VoS paywalled great endings ye I chose Naomi yea NB wasn't good in the ending department a great ending imo is TCTF oop :ohgodohduck: ye TRM was good too imo how? true I ||gave up my crown just to be with Hunter|| female Kayden had beautiful sprites also with female Hunter I chose an all female cast my only complaint was using TRR body sprites for Female Hunter they could've used any other body sprite and they chose THAT? yea it oddly suits her no idea I'm sure they will looks yummy nice same as me then same as me as well I'm 20 tho fok off finished SK I can see why now tho the ending did leave me with a slight impression but at least SK was 1 book unlike TF's 8 NO SK is standalone thats BaDu I think why? what happened? yea I mean I don't mind it myself tbh if PB see the 17+ books aren't doing up to par these will be the last ones tho I hope that won't be the case except for Witness if 17+ weren't a thing we wouldn't get QB I play the 17+ books for a change of scenery ye don't we all? but I'm impartial abt it I'm just fine with PB still standing MTFL? dafuk is that ohh I mean they on hiatus who was it again? who? MAN who is it? the suspense is killing me well idk who to find found it why is Cate still there? no I was just reading the older messages they hated Sonia as much as the chad who left abt what'd u expect still in Death Row I chose Kayden for TRM and seeing Hunter force a smile breaks my heart ngl it HURTS > This is what led me to restart TRM
@ after seeing that I wanted to immediately ngl it's my 3rd ^^ tru lol oop :ohgodohduck: lol confusion\ I still haven't talked to my college supervisor abt dropping out. Man I feel like a wuss 20 for me > Nah rayven dont, its a serious decision and it makes sense youd be trying to delay it as much as you can
@downer I'm worried it might be too late if I delay for so long I got 2 years left I'm just afraid that if I do dropout I'll be what I fear most, a loser and a failure to society I just wish my country was as forgiving abt college dropouts as everywhere else ikr? this is all so much Good Night and Good Luck or just make a new channel nic *nice wonder why they never used this for Platinum I meant in the actual book true but this could confirm that this is how Platinum MC looks canonically same I literally just found it in the wiki abt Platinum MC there's only 1 MC in the book covers, a Caucasian MC with blonde hair this is the last one I found thats true just weird they only use one version of the MC true I never saw the teaser for Platinum ngl I know but one can theorize #plati-cum-back in the trailer it's male Avery and Female Raleigh true the first defaults for Raleigh and Avery are female and male respectively fine fine #plati-cum-back regarding the names REEEE :ohgodohduck: same fuck noted I did all of them and I mean ALL not really no BaBu? I don't acknowledge that or shit I did ALL of them and since some twat reset my Witness progress, I picked the other options as well so that counts to all the diamond choices, literally I was at chapter 23 when it happened good thing I just got my VIP sub otherwise I'd given up xD by the time the book ends, you'll be spending near 1k diamonds istg those 16 diamonds were WORTH IT lol u serious now? u bought diamonds? facts ^^ thats pretty normal these days, having covid blues I mean remember me at the old Spoilerland server? thats covid blues + college at it's worst for me then don't yayy 7 hours? I sleep at 2am, wake up at 8 or 9am Tom with his man bun she has a switch? I do I use a cracked version  so I can have all the packs my folder full of Choices screens has reached 7.4GB screens and scripts man I'm bored so I'm replaying my guilty pleasure AME  I mean my pfp is of Queen Kamilah but I've replayed BB so much when I had VIP AME is a good guilty pleasure book the most replays I have so far are:
- Platinum with 8
- AME with 4
- BB2 and 3 with 4 and 5 respectively
- MOTY with 4
- AVSP and WEH twice ooo I was obsessed with Platinum back then, hence why I joined the fandom in the first place I got in here cuz I couldn't accept that Platinum was standalone (which sounded so dumb now that I think of it) yup I spent 2 days digging up what I could find which wasn't much also Raleigh YESS I romanced Raleigh cuz I like the rebel characters tbh Raleigh is the only rebel character PB got perfectly YES yikes good luck changing Mackenzies look to the hispanic one was a great choice ty gotta pay respects to the Queen HELL yea I miss our Vampire Queen hopefully she'll get referenced on the newer books everyone's opinions is welcome regardless of bias personally I welcome any new book, it doesn't cost anything to start playing the first chapter. If I don't like it on the first chapter I can just ignore it I wouldn't mind another 17+ book tbh at least have a good plot behind it I mean what they could do is maybe once a book finishes change the upload schedules? yea no they are not ^^ this book is imo trying to get ppl to play Choices (which can backfire) agreed hopefully this book can get PB more publicity, they sound like they need it lol BOOMER awww so cheesy I love it BOOMERS well us teens are scared of y'all too well I'm a Young Adult but u get the point lmfao I'm close to yellow lmfao Firework at 24k XP how does the XP work? is it 1 xp per letter? I'm not even CLOSE to your score #bots-and-pets-uwu it's baffling how much xp u have Jesus H Christ I am in so much confusion how the bot works istg yea her XP count proves it xD work more = more popular xD thats the bot in a nutshell rn lol fair I got a depository ^^ lmao luv u too WITNESS THE LOVE EMBRACE IT yes no homo unless stated otherwise I am not woman dw BACKING away from topic xD can we just admire how pretty Kamilah Sayeed is? REEEe banning Firework xD oop Spoilerland 1 is gone I still mourn Spoilerland 1 to this day I miss my Superfan role no dilemma here ummm lmfao it was what Pri wanted ye she was the mind and soul of Spoilerland even worse NOPE NO MARA isn't Kim Jong Un, she's Stahlin lmao Aladeen oof Hitler DUKE RICHARDS YES Richards is worse than Ethan lmao not a very nice day of March 29 except the last one yikes on my bday Hitler won the votes MY EYES of all the faces it HAD to be that one REEE yea could be a concept lol my god ooof oof I'm trying to find what book I heard an OST from but got no clue POG SUPAH FAN listening to Platinum tracks make me miss it more ;-; same goes for WEH (regardless of how it ended) my head will always play the ending of WEH everytime I hear an OST from it lol yea :JoJoThink: GF? whats that xD? POG they are hard to predict COnfuSIOBN Bots whats NHIE? OHHH REeeE no use of the @ everyone ples thats an easy way for ppl to hate you no idea oooh good, if they aren't then they aren't good friends I used all the premiums same but it's still an accomplishment xD lol BaBu? was it that bad? wow, must be horrible JUST started? REEE unless u have VIP, it's gonna be a long read imagine AME bein over but then PB makes another AME book I'd be down if it had the OG producers etc but only if we get to import our choices like OG HSS to HSS CA let's hope nt I can't bear to see Piper havin an all out war with Jen xD PROTECC JEN sorta but at least we got a wedding out of it true a wedding could've happened outside AME and it'd still be the same ye a good antagonist are the ones who u least expect it DUFFY yea also  DUFFY Rourke, Duffy, Tull, Silas, Rose Waverly back then PB were followin tropes still do now sometimes John Tull from MW WUT what're your thoughts abt Gaius? looks like Silas yea Michael B Jordan or just pasted his face and color matched it I didn't notice the first time tho the current face does suite him better "cut his face from the pic, paste it on a head sprite, color match and edit so it looks seamless" I mean come on, the lighting is really identical ^^ so wait, IRIS was bound to Pri's acct? also wut? why Yukki? nope the old one does, this one doesn't no idea I think they meant why Yukki left oh yea and? makes sense hi my weakness? instant noodles hence why I buy cup noodles ughh I'm sobbing and over such a dumb thing as well why does my brain do this to me I'm trying to be cold and yet I cry over the dumbest things I was just remembering abt Dakota Winchester I know but sometimes it is esp someone who impacted my emotions like Dakota makes u feel weak why r u laughing? huh but why laugh ahh I see I take everything seriously most of the time yea have u read the WEH? I never played Storyscape at all cuz I didn't know it existed lol nice my phone BG is an art work of Kamilah the one used as my pfp yass how so? confusion same Lovelink is new release I'm playin it rn it's texting with some premiums (premium pics (not 18+)) or smth along the lines I don't know which ones are completed and which ones aren't REEEEE Ludia is well known for that it's RELATABLE except for the last one xD whatchu mean I wanna die man, college is draining me dry everyday and I just found out that campus isn't cutting the prices for college facility fees even tho we aren't even using them. even IF I graduate if I don't decide to drop cuz I'm considering dropping out rather than continuing I have no career rn I'm on a stump even if I did drop, I'd have nowhere to go. idk if I can bear the shame of not being able to finish I'd never hear the end of it from everyone my support system here is pretty much garbage go ahead idk and thats the thing > I mean think about it a little. Think of all the options you may have once you get your degree that won't be possible in case you drop. Are those options worth struggling in college? If no, then dropping out is a good option
@Priyudi idk man the situation is confusing > I have a bachelors degree in regionals studies yet work in a completely unrelated field and couldve easily skipped on uni to get where I am so eh, if you decide to stop you can still have a fruitful career and pick up the studies later on if needed
@downer thats the thing, I have many doubts abt that I can never commit to anything I'm not sure what I'm okay with CS (Computer Science) neither cuz I never wanted it whats so confusing abt that? it wasn't my choice neither cuz I never wanted to go to college take a well deserved break after being stressed from high school no use they don't want me playing catchup and u don't know them, they won't listen unless they hear it from a higher up 1. I gotta pay for a break, 2. the pressure of college will always be there even if I DO take a break, 3. my parents don't want me playing catchup a year give or take if only if it were that easy do I? idk whats wrong with me, idk why I'm scared of smth stupid like this I just wanna bash my head and be done with it sure I won't remember anything but at least I won't remember this they'll never believe it all they'll think that it's crazy talk and I'm just being lazy trying to come up with excuses I HAVE MULTIPLE timeS }
}|{
}
"{ I just bashed my head in PAIN is my only option it has always BeEn an option I just didn't know it yet > Let's say pain is an option (which again, it isn't). What do you think will it achieve? Will it graduate you? Will it get you a job? Will it make you happy? Will it make your voices to your parents be heard?
@Priyudi no, no, probably and most likely damn sometimes thats not enough yea but my parents wouldn't allow it in the west it's standard practice I can't find my college counselors number anywhere the one time I need to find it it's not there yikes OH SHI PRI HAS RETURNED the usual, trying to find an out jf;akjdfpad yay bright purple how to make me happy with Choices? simple, rewrite WEH's ending I'd prefer be emotional over saving a life rather than ||losing someone like Dakota|| even tho it'd ruin the point, I can't help it Dakota had so much to live for and it's not fair yea thats true but after playin WEH during the stream, I can't think of anything else https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfXKJfmhnPU idk why this song hits my feelings the hardest among all the other songs PB has made CHEESE when I typed Kamilah, I found Kamilah Sayeed among the top searches sounds abt right regarding Kamilah's affection in the beginning I believe it I mean tbh it's sorta true MC kept everyone grounded as the only human I mean if u heard of an occult and u were offered, would you? I;m thinking of what to replay hehe TRH, OH, QB (TUH if ur VIP scrub) I wonder what holiday books PB will have this year hopefully not another HftH lol imagine them releasing a halloween book for the 17+ books Horror so far ar IL series and THoBM I mean THoBM had amazing atmosphere for it's time haha the Sophomore halloween one? BaBu2 is Rosemary's Baby in disguise just go with Bud and Bob true Texas names xD maybe failure 1 and failure 2 sugatits xD I had to deal with a slight amount of racism in my school even tho we had alot of Asians I remember me being seperated by the class cuz of my height and stature I was still 8 they called me a freak and laughed no one does and yet we still do I open my phone and I see the vampire Queen as my phone screen :uwuhappy: YASS I'm replayin BB1 for the full experience No? hey, I playedSK as a non-vip. How hard can it be lmfao my name has changed again speaking of BB, my keys should've refreshed abt now lol yea I might clear my one screen of everything except the Choices icon I cleared everything the only thing is the Choices icon hell yea it'll take some getting used to but it's worth the beauty yea I think they do it's just they have multiple outfits that or the have laundry to the max lol DS MC using that lingerie set for all the book without ppl getting curious lmao the pain oof, should I save my KEY for TRH3 or QB? I only have one and it won't refresh for another 2 hours oof lmao I just found this I want it ngl u make chaos left and right u changed my name 3 times in one day SOOO yes I KNEW IT this one I changed it myself cuz u changed my nickname so many times heheh man Pri changin the server name why Pro Max tho? > so I added more terms to make it a phone model
@Deleted User BOI xD lol who the hack is Veronica? imma head to bed g night oh COME ON who changed my name AGAIN? nice JUST mod and admins? fine abit too late for that xD and more stretches OLD ELDerlY WRINKLES FLABS aww man not so there are 3 that do Cal from NB, Levi from MOTY and I can't remember the last one Chest hair + sweat = not a good day everyone else has smooth but is it visible? wait, FIVE? who's the other one? these ones are visible in sprite Khaan? how come I never seen it so it's just mentioned but not visible lol > having hairs everywhere but your head is the worst
@Deleted User I mean thats true ^^ submitted first lol CHAOS and I thought pranks by Annabelle from DnD were choas umm, can we submit more than 1 emote suggestion? yay I miss the days or screenshot convos they'd go on for hours oof back then it was always me and Firework these days they faded into the history books last screenshot convo was last month I miss it I have all these screenshots and no way to use them I have them for screenshot convos everytime I try no dice it gets left ye so they are basically ded till I can find someone watch, imma leave one at #screenshots ooof I've read the gun wiki till 1am I always read creepypastas didn't even know it's a thing\ https://choices-stories-you-play.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Not-Meant-to-Be at least the wiki acknowledges them yes haha agreed also using the same MC face ayy this is wrong my game still has the old font just took this earlier maybe it's book determinant? I prefer all caps, we've been used to it for years https://youtu.be/E29j2DKTTNw love this song ngl flashbacks to BB and TRR https://youtu.be/SuYMLrnRdiU?list=PLBuAiJ5oc-kVnnN7mRVq9zAqnaWHRBgxG and this Path to Fame oh god Pri had a name change no idea thats a thing they will launch oof TOAST LAUNCHER finally > online classes are so difficult to listen to when theres only cars honking and dogs barking when the teachers unmute themselves 
it's hard if u have all that and the teacher has crappy wifi I left some things at #belvoires-most-eligible > teacher has crappy wifi+ you have crappy wifi
@Deleted User OH YES, the pain of 3rd world internet > Since all of these things violated the rules about not saying spoilers *before the Editors* have had a chance to say it, I had to delete them. I hope you understand
@ I can't find that rule anywhere ahh > How are you guys doing today?
@Deleted User abt what you'd expect anything with the name college is never great college is diff for everyone, some hate it, some love it I'm the former Morning I don't doubt it aight Panem? wth is Panem on another note, whats THG? ohhh THAT Panem idk haven't watched THG in years got college classes ehh I've seen worse gore I have been desensitized by zombie movies and slashers so it doesn't bother me > If you were to create a book with your favorite Lis involved what kind of book would it be?
@Metta probably smth like the Italian Job with the whole TRR crew > Life isnt fair
 life is never fair I buy milk chocolate never had pretzels we don't have them here lol I wonder how QB will end tho since 16 could be the last chapter Firework is the only green and I'm jealous how dare u I'll have u know raisins taste good > Raisins in anything else = trash
@MaralinaSakura spitting FAX I have it's somewhat common here probably is I go away for one second and this place blows up lol well at this point you'll outrank me I am NOT a conversationalist lol wut? I never streamed books here @unforgivablespelling I think you're mistaken, I did that on the OLD server I have never streamed here cuz when this place started my VIP was gone already yea it will I streamed it on the old server ye I will never keep my rank cuz I'm always one for short responses no I won't have u seen how much ppl talk here compared to me? I'll be gone before you know it and thats a fact lies and I'm losing my spot fast ;-; yayy cooking? whats that? I only know setting the kitchen on fire thats not a joke I'm on thin ice rn tbh > I'm on thin ice rn tbh
one more fuckup and I'm gone here got muted yesterday (or today idk) and got a warn I think it's my 2nd warning idk whats happening to me tbh, on the old server I was fun and happy, now I'm just pessimistic and angry to the point of getting 2 warnings? DM abt what @ ? ahh I see I'm cold AC is on the lowest fan speed and average temp and yet it's freezing even tho outside is like Australia, HOT LOGIC over 9000 also Pri u changed names again? how long did u sleep? nice these days I sleep at 1am or 2am and wake up at 8am all the way to 10am ha, if only that were the case for me no matter when I wake up, I always feel sluggish either that or groggy same, I'm like "MATE LEMM SLEEP I'm COMFY" I'm fat now, I blame you covid and my irregular eating habits xD > I slept well today so I'm happy about that
@ YAYY hell I'm stress eating rn it's the final day of classes before the weekend HOPEFULLY no bombshells appear so I can have a relaxing weekend my heartbeat has been rising to the point I might have a heart attack what're your plans besides study @ ? ^ what she said not the bubblebath thing  you know that one guy who eats the weirdest food combos? RN I am witnessing an atrocity ;-; fancy for me it was hot as hell I could fry an egg on the street winter? I laugh at that I am situated in the middle of the equator near ded center nice do u have abs yet? I got abs, it's a six in one pack xD star it xD or as some of the kids in highschool who had the same body call it, the Family Pack xD I prefer to retake highschool all over again tbh same I have alot of fond highschool memories regardless of my rough patch I never do a workout the only workout I ever do is climbing up and down the stairs in everyday life since my room is on 2nd floor, it's like that also pre-covid, my class was on the 5th floor so I had to take the stairs nice highschool had us do a workout routine every Wednesday morning in the school field before class start, they say it's for fitness lmao u know they shit when they got typos xD also REE level up we do active stuff like the workout routine AND during PE PE was actually a fun subject PE was fun minus all the theory lessons the Coach made us do lol PE gave me the opportunity to play basketball and volleyball also some unfavorable ones like actual physical stuff like askin us to do headstands and handstands LMFAO DAMN sort of? haven't done one in 3 years it was a requirement to pass PE to pass PE in my senior year, you had to: be able to do a handstand, long jump, run around the school (which was 4km total I think), play basketball and do pushups the running part was on a time limit too running ard the school wasn't one lap btw, it was 5 laps the boys had to finish 5 laps in 15 minutes it was tough even for the fit ones long jump u had to get a certain distance and pushups a certain number as well haha rip I think after the finals for PE I lost 4KG in total that was senior year there was more before that 11th grade, same thing but only running ard the school as the graded test oh we do that too during most of the lessons, the Coach would just let us play whatever we wanted except if he had lessons for a specific sport to teach we had a similar test as well it was HELL I remember one time we had to do 5 physical things in a row with no breaks. first was pushups, then situps, then squats, then sprints and finally jumping over hurdles nice then we'd have the same test BUT a bigger risk if we fail the test we'd only get just passing grades we have we have written exams and physical exams as finals both poor me man I lost weight tho but my body was hurting for days the pain man pretty much I remembered being hurt so much after the test I had to be carried could be worse, someone passed out so we had to carry him to the clinic which was on the other side of the building yea we do have those, sorta depending on the physicality of the student, the coach will decide how many pushups, situps etc they'll do which didn't help me cuz I was tall so the coach assumed I play basketball which was a big nono hence why I was carried away back to class my class was on the 4th floor, I feel bad for the ones who carried me ^^ I had the same ones too THO we were also asked abt sports history factoids like who invented basketball and when it was REEEE my PE was an 85 even after the physical exam oooh coding as in computer coding? damb 11th grade CS for me was only basic Corel Draw and hardware xD u plan to go CS for college? fancy u say super cool now but wait till u get in, when u dig deeper it'll be hell xD I have 2 years of experience with that we never studied C++ in highschool are u guys even human? highschoolers back in my year haven't touched coding I graduated at 2018 true > Wait
> What do you call graduation Ray?
@itsmeansh wdym? > Here, its basically HTML in 6th-8th and XML in 9th-10th. Then Python (or C++ in my case) in 11th and 12th
@Deleted User we studied none of these in highschool graduation is graduation what u on abt? I graduated HS in 2018 HS has graduations for seniors too ohhh in here we have seperate graduations for HS: graduation for 6th grade, 9th grade and 12th grade ^^ tho it's double the stress I only have one but I'm already growing white hair from the stress when my dad was cutting my hair, he noticed some strands of white hair where I am CS has a general scope so we have coding related, network related and multimedia related crammed into one major u really should ooh fancy in 3rd we have 4 projects total 4th we have 5 projects one was a individual project as well time limit? simple the whole semester before finals YES now u understand my white hair pandemic also for mid terms we have to show the progress of said final projects I have never had so many nightmare fueled nights lol high school I never do those I usually do them the moment I get them except for Math pretty much yea tiring as they were I remember during finals week I got called alot just ot teach ppl Accounting and Business Math cuz I was one of the few ppl in class who understood I had 5 ppl come up to me calling me from home asking to teach them xD I did get a call once during a family event asking them to teach xD like BOI I'm outside sometimes in class I'd get cornered by some to teach them accounting and Business Math as well on test days even the smart kids cornered me to teach them Business Maths idk why > haha looks like you were quite popular
@Deleted User not really, outside of asking me to teach Business Maths, I was a ghost > That must have been a wonderful feeling
@ and it was fancy > The kids I remember most are those that actually reached out and extended a helping hand despite the grades I used to get in school
@ same I even teached some of my classmates English cuz they know even tho I never studied English for tests I get A's all the time my report card for English says 94 haha English for me was interesting 12th grade I got 94, 11th grade was 89, 10th grade was a 90 for English my national language score was lower than my English score national language for me is Bahasa lol > Same @Rayvenrock My hindi score was always lower than my english score. To the point I left hindi as soon as I could aka 9th grade lmao
@Deleted User I couldn't cuz that's a mandatory subject until senior year English rules make more sense than Bahasa xD even tho I can still speak Bahasa like a champ tho my Bahasa is starting to get rusty fancy nice lmfao so muhc for support xD CONFUSION YASSSS next class is off, meaning I can relax yes I remember in 5th grade we were taught greek gods by watching Percy Jackson and the Lightning Thief xD umm is it weird I'm sad cuz I'm watching a recording of my playthrough of WEH? everytime I watch it, I can only remember the sadness I felt when I played it during stream guys I need a shoulder to cry on. Please? > I think Mandarin Chinese is similarly pitched but I don't know any Chinese so I'm not positive
@Hayley I do I learned it throughout highschool and primary school > virtually sends my shoulder along with a box of tissues
@Deleted User even though I played it before, it still hurts so much my eyes are literally watering rn it's not fair Dakota didn't deserve this I replayed twice, once after I bought VIP and 2nd for a stream even tho I don't play it anymore cuz no more VIP, I saved a recording of my gameplay idk if I wanna leave it or delete it cuz it's so painful what should I do? this emote istg xD I can smell the snark thats true I guess I'll hold onto it for now Dakota deserves to be remembered and here I thought I couldn't be more emotionally attached after Raleigh Carrera replaying years of progress? I won't do that unless I got VIP back tyvm xD I haven't cut my hair in a month my eyes were covered had to make it a manbun I keep mine short cuz I have a pretty bad case of nail biting if they are too long imma stream Fallout 4 if anyone wanna join REEEE lol stream is live if y'all wanna waych > foot ones are tastier ngl 
@Deleted User a woman after my own heart lkmao KICK xD same goes to u still hot oof we have no winter here we only have rain and HEAT I'm in the middle of the equator yup triple combo of death being a Subaru owner in the snow is a dream lol > it might be so hot here because i am so hot
@spirits oop, I have never seen a picture to prove it but damn that confidence > Everyone in this server exudes hot energy
@Hayley oop I like the sun, just wish it wasn't so damn hot xD like come on if u are kinder go ahead I won't judge oof sounds fancy I'm eading to bed, gn or gm since it's almost 2am hi time to work for yellow all over again what review have u done so far? lol are those all the books so far? oop I'll wait Platinum soon DnD lol rip what abt TFS? oh yea nvm HSS? LMFAO but yea, Platinum is a must play imo YASS I'll def read it what abt ATV? tf is that? lol what abt TRM? TRM is the prequel to TRR so it's only fair both? lmao I like Sam (Samantha particularly) same Ava from AVSP is pretty I mean look at her then u can just witness her beauty here I streamed it awhile back I did WEH, AVSP, Platinum, AME and BB agreed and she hates peanut butter yea lol YESSS lmao he/she is I didn't mind HC but it did feel rushed compared to WEH and AVSP lol Luz and Hazel were the best ones tho Hazel was an afterthought WEH and AVSP got single LI correctly never played WT VoS was great true, NB did it too ye yea it's in the same world as BB so hopes were high for me tru subreddit is ded to me cuz it's blocked now I'm waiting for TRH, QB and OH haven't checked my eyes... UNCLEAN can we all just ogle at this beautiful CG? I miss DnD already 3 books long but nice 3 books I feels bad for rejecting Hunter for Kayden the further in I go esp since they were heartbroken when we picked Kayden even after they confessed their feelings to us TRM has compelling LI's BOTH of them I'm on chapter 16 goin to 17 Hunter actually makes me feel bad for choosing someone else and it's warranted I didn't screenshot what were the exact words but basically Hunter said even though they had developed feeling for our MC and confessed abt it and yet we chose Kayden, it broke their heart I mean it's fair Hunter DID do all that Pizza de Pasta I know I do I'd remember it IF I can dig thru my memories cuz I finished it a long time ago probably but during the beginning it was justified the only art I can do are stick figures agreed I mean artists drew alot of PB's artwork fax I forgot what chapter that was I decided to bury it deep cuz when TF finally finish I was devastated esp smth that ran so long agreed the ending was superb esp with the flashbacks of previous books and ofc ||your LI proposing|| for whatever flak TF got, it ended very well I legitimately sobbed when we finally graduated yea I mean you survived 4 years of hell you SHOULD be happy and hopeful just wish I can feel like that in my college/uni hopefully but I don't think so depends I can see where ur comin from I played it as well and before that I said it was shit cuz I only played 2 chapters sure it's not GREAT but it has it's moments Eliana? her face is reused in MTFL I unfortunately had to play groaning cuz I mistyped my MC's last name and was already at chapter 4 till I realized my mistake yea, as one of Ava's faces nope it felt grounded ^^^ Witness was always Pay To Win,, it was just lighter on it for the first 2 chapters I sorta enjoyed but now back to my guilty pleasure book AME rn on AME2 chapter 15 but waiting for key to refresh 3 hour key gang pain has returned ya Jen is bae material went Mackenzie, now Jen what bok? ppl watched 2012 I was waiting on my calendar of the date "12.21.12" same I feel the oposite my teen years were some of the best I turned 20 this year and I'm miserable I'd rather have my teen years back tyvm yea I never discovered love till I was in my senior year after playing Choices xD neither did I yikes LMFAO if thats not RoD MC idk what is being the only son is the worst feeling ever, all the pressure to succeed is put SOLELY on you regardless if I have another brother or sister. Sometimes I wonder if I parents actually see me as their one and only son or just someone to carry on the family line maybe that would explain why they never showed their affection good on her mine would embarrass me in front of their peers huh > many see display of love and support, especially to boys, as a sign of weakness, as if praise will somehow make them cocky and lazy
@downer I guess that makes sense > and when kids end up messing with wrong crowds, getting eating disorders, running away, etc, they blame games/friends/school - anything but themselves
@downer THIS is what I'm dealing with yup unfortunately this is all too true for me aww so cheesy I mean if I didn't find Discord or this place, I wouldn't even be here right now. I'd be in an unmarked casket buried in the dirt on the last server I went silent after ranting abt taking my own life which scared a few ppl ppl thought I'd go thru with it (I actually almost did) yea I've been having that for 2 years thats what they all say 2 years and NOTHING feels like going back up. If anything it all goes down further and further down I made my first one when I was 18 after my 1st semester of college idk if I can or capable my toolbox consists of ||rope, a gun and my phone|| therapy? whats that I don't feel proud, all I feel is shame huh I am? > if Hayley, myself and whoever else deserves to be happy then why wouldn't you? there's nothing special that sets all of us apart, we're all just feeble humans trying our best (but mostly just trying) to be the better versions of ourselves
@downer idk, maybe because I see myself as a failure, I feel like a failure to everyone, my parents, what little friends I have and my almamater I feel broken I asked my parents if I was dropped as a kid I bashed my head in just to feel smth I have no time to read defenseive? OI I'm heading off, the rope is calling me. See y'all soon abit far fetched > r/cptsd has been a valuable resource for me personally
@Hayley I have no access to reddit ehh, I've seen sappier and I have yet to shed emotions I've been to funerals and never felt a thing. My grandpa passed? no emotions, great grandma? not a single tear or emotion. if I learned a thing, it's that being cold and emotionless has it's pros hence why I don't want anyone to come to my funeral sometimes I just wanna fry all the emotions down to hell I've been taught emotions means weakness, I can't show weakness no matter how hard so I try to suppress them everytime I'm outside in public it's been pretty good so far cranky? ofc I would depends on the book wdym? what does that have to do with anything? sparingly? wdym @downer oh I see there's nothing to say tbh, I only reserve emotions for when I feel like they are worthy like Choices books outside of that I repress as much as I can but I kinda see where you're getting at @downer idk if that's worth appraising tbh I'll try not to die > Its effort that counts so Ill see ya here tomorrow :CharmanderHi:
if I'm alive we'll see no point in dwelling on the tomorrow if today isn't finished If I don't then it's been a pleasure mates it's in the name xD no shame I've changed my pfp the equivalent number of times HENCE why I chose this killer pfp when did u come back Pri? I'm too lazy to scroll xD ahh I see how's Spoilerland V2 compared to the OG? lol let's see she missed a few channels ikr? this place alot stricter ;-; now it's 7am and I need to freshen up lol I just woke up I didn't miss much oop I think they have a whole 17+ outlet lmao haha hehe lol BB3 not showing us the wedding as the bonus scene? WELL I NEVER so I just found out that Jennifer Espinoza is an actual person I'm bored ok? I needed a distraction so why not lol ohh Jen, how wrong you were I mean AME did it before TNA morning woke up a few minutes ago other than annoyingly waiting for college? ye lol hi who keeps changin my name istg xD PRIIII yes only you are the one that likes to change my nicknames getit into #epic-moments Platinum desevres it xD BOI AGAIN ? PRIIII that plushy.. it's staring into my soul 3 chapters away from finishing BB1 DEDICATION over 9000 anyone else BB cast or just me? lol > I opened some in preparation because my vip expired yesterday
@Hayley oof still haven't finished BOLAS? bruh and here I thought me not finishing TRR1 was long I started TRR1 ard late 2018 only finished mid 2020 xD BB1 done, on to the next book which I don't know which to read read it twice tho a good suggestion I am abit ashamed of the amount of my Platinum replays xD my Platinum replay count is 8 going to 9  it's worth it man Raleigh and Avery god tier LI's I replayed Witness twice. How bout that? I don't think my mental state will survive man nice supah fan talking abt Witness tho? oof imagine WITNESS causing your level up last scene has always been abit short lived Witness all abt drama watchu on abt? have u learned nothing xD oof but surely the founder has some clout ur the 2nd highest ranking person here lol I'm surprised my name hasn't changed again xD had to switch my name back this morning OH FFS I KNEW It WAs YOU no yikes let them co-exist Robin is only gender determinant. If u pick Samuel it's a man and vice versa lol yikes man now I have to wait for Saturday for the good books reaction to school oop replaying D&D's Christmas book, need my Annabelle ILB ohhh that'll be hard to watch\ lol in BB2, the fact that Cal reacted to Lily shouting "Squirrel" (and getting distracted) cracked me up ain't that a fact ooof lol lol after BB, should I go NB or smth else? there's NB, DnD Christmas book or could risk it and play OH1 again lol the only thing I hate abt BB2, female LI's get pushed aside for the majority and yet they have the best scenes *coughs* Kamilah bias yayy idk what they were referencing with this, maybe Anabelle? true give us Corgi plush and Dopey cat man QB and OH haven't been updated yet does it usually take this long? I think this is on purpose? QB and OH2 have been the most leaked among the other books just finished BB2 still makes me sad lol lmao yikes REEEE Firework Ultra Fan istg idk how she bullshits so much xD. I could never I can barely type 5 sentences enough with the ass kissing lmao thats true 2nd class gonna start soon ;-; pretty seems too good to be true tbh Pakistan? something so beautiful in a country like that true it's just thats all I hear abt Pakistan among all that conflict there is still beauty oh wow fair I always have nightmares abt some countries ty parents for making us Fans time to see the ranks I am number 3 on the leaderboard I think thats smth related to Disney? all I know is smth named THAT can only be made by Disney @ can I DM u? AM? ohh oof who r u referring to here? I'm not very comfy with other staff members, not that I don't like them  but thats just how I am wait, are staffs limited to blue or are there any other colors? so does that count? I'm confused with the chain of command ahh I see that cleared up some things at least gn and yes I am too lol that'd be an odd getup I normally don't associate girls and suits oh wait we have HSS, u can go to prom in a suit if u have female MC > HSS, u can go to prom in a suit if u have female MC
this oh so we talking LI leakers? if LI's I don't think any female LI has worn a suit as formal > mackenzie I thunk
@Jinii Minii Mackenzies wedding dress is a suit in a way so yea that checks out lel tbh I'd be fine with either Zoey or Kingsley Kingsley:Zoey scenes = 5:1 iirc just shows u QB was single LI and Zoey was probably a flirt option in the beginning rather than an actual LI I have no idea it defies the logic gn