 we still have to work around some things but i'm glad this community can stay together! the same as the ones from the other server! Nah it's just a shorter way I think Oh yeah Yeah But
I guess if you guys really want the LGBT+ roles separately for the sexualities and genders then we could do it? We could also do it like Feenie's server where a POC role can be a thing, and have a channel that's a safe space for LGBT and People of Color (allies aren't allowed in there if course, only if they're lgbt+/a poc) queen hi I hope you guys didn't mind that I copied the same format
I felt it would be easier for everyone to adjust I still have to set up starboard oops I like how mara has different expressions for the yay emotes I did think of giving everyone the same rank roles as before but I figured it'd be more fun to earn them again WHAT Oh so you guys really want them back? @MaralinaSakura Hey I think you should leave spoilerland up for like 12 more hours(?) instead of how much time has passed in case people who have slept see it in the morning No :UmiCryay: Oh I didn't oop s hi  who was the one with the completionist role so they can get it again We don't have space for new emotes lmao Whatever makes you feel comfortable here  which tags The pronoun and identities as well as the book roles? You ask for them Yeah its funny to do it like once a while but it was overwhelming the way the bot kept being spammed lmao I like it Ray! QUINN SONIA NIA IMOGEN The only girls I went straight for These girls must be protected at all costs    > the nice girls are always underrated
QUINN Quinn queen > Oh yeah didn't they actually use the...words...in it
I'm not sure but I know they definitely mentioned words like ||"Hard"|| and ||"Wet"|| Mc literally ||came|| on a counter I don't think so yeah but I wouldn't be surprised if one day it did get that far omg I'm sorry to hear that though  I hope you all stay safe From someone who came across seeing it, please do avoid it. Even if you're curious. That is a dead person. That is a dead person who deserves respect. Yeah it didnt really scar me, I was more disappointed for that man. But the sight, it wont be easy for other people. It was really sad. Did no one hear about the teens who streamed finding the ||cut up remains of a human person?|| Tiktok has no care or respect. IT WORKS! UBER WORKS ~~now lets pray tatsu wants to work now too~~ bartie... Correction VoS had a terrible ending without diamonds* Congrats to our new mods :Dopeyhappy: Hehe No one? Oh I set it up on starboard that you cant star your own message :kek: *looks* another pre-med?  I'M PRE-MED TOO
or so i hope butttt not as a doctor
I wanna be a pediatric surgeon I'm not old guys I'm as tutti refers to me, a fetus :kek: (16) Also that there's no one "route" to go about life you can be in charge of your own route and path and maybe life ends early for some people because of stupid fate
but I think that's more of a reason to keep going and keep moving forward
You never know if a day is your last, so why dread on it for the rest of your life? Who knows, could even live past 100. Just enjoy your life, and enjoy yourself, we only got one shot its okay to cry over fictional characters It sucks to hear this, trust me, I know, and I have no right to say this as if i knew what you were actually going through with your parents, but sometimes, you have to make decisions for yourself instead of letting your parents to do or trying to please them. Because if you don't have the approval of your parents now, then I'm sorry to break it to you, from experience, you'll probably never get it. And even if you do, at what cost? Your happiness? Doing something you don't want? You can't chase something that you'll never get, there's no use. It's okay to be scared, anxious. It's a big step to take, you know. But this isn't something you have to do alone. And you know, sometimes parents just need a good stern talking to. They need to be told from their child themselves that everything they're doing is hurting them instead of helping them, how the child is actually feeling and struggling, and if they're really your parents, they'll understand. And if not, it gives you the answer that you're chasing after satisfaction you'll never get.  I've been so addicted to among us Tfw you're not imposter but everyone thinks you are The disrespect... Priya,,,,,, :Facepalm: you're lucky we love you  Aren't we so pretty standing out from the rest  Pastel Vibes only   TUTTI Wait wrong server . ud tutti Weird brown thing @Black Scepter suggest the emote Idk we'll see everyone is pastel now  ~~pest control~~ Stop theres been so many roaches lately I hate it here and flies Flies are a nuisance :CharmanderHi: Queen.  > ~~also, I will have to appeal for my ban in support server because I now have a legit copy of the software~~
You got banned? Lmao I hate you NO LEAVE IT Wait I'm ok with this one I CHECKED THE LOGS I SHOULD BAN YOU I have deleted your message from the logs
I hate you SPIRITS IM THE SERVER BABY Oh queen PLEASE TELL ME YOU DIDNT DEE THE LOGS It was a joke fjskjfks Ok haseya simp NO FIREWORK NO PRI NO This is funny Was it tibbar Periodt WHAT No DID SOMEONE TELL HER??? SPIRITS WHY IS THAT YOUR NAME I would pin that if I could Also good luck with your class voltra! I know hfksjd :nyoo: Why are you here How are you making these XD Sword and shield    :dogeheart: IT LIVES??? WTF i cant believe that apparently IL wasnt a success- i dont think TE needed a sequel It's ok pri I endured 3 What's worse is he dmed me about it when he was just starting out- im playing witness rn and i genuinely cant be assed to do the diamond choices even with the mod its such a drag Heya tibbar :CharmanderHi: Smh going through the whole braces process sucks Yeah I have spacers rn and it sucks :Dopeyangry: Yess queen!!
Hope you take it easy and relax now! You deserve it! TNA is coming in like 2 weeks ig are all their new releases gonna be like this too?? honestly i dont really have an issue with the system itself, it just annoys me that they decided to test it on these books that were promised to everyone beforehand. (not to mention the ridiculous price for vip) Happy birthday drew btw curious as to how they're gonna release WB, MM, and SB though, since their schedule is already ridiculous extremely unlikely hi pri the app doesn't work in the US only in UK supposedly @Priyudi :BooParty: More like its dead the main cc server with hundreds of members shut down Thank you :dogeheart: :dogeheart: And yes :Dopeysad: Can y'all starboard this? I want to see if it works I meant my message jdhfksjkds finally wait What uberbot responses should I add ~~Rafael friendzoned his lovers. They have been ~~ but rafael is coming back to us tomorrow  I'll let you guys "bash" or "attack" LIs to some extent but pls dont let it get out of hand since there are real people with real emotions who romance them and not all are ignorant to the struggles of the LIs of color lmao Like i romanced b*ckett Yeah what Mara said Wait there was a bucket emoji Or like that Ethan stan who threw a dig at Firework before she left I'm ok with you romancing Ethan like I dont care just dont pretend like everyone else should like him when they dont for (very) valid reasons Me being in new york :kek: im a child Huh welp the reddit and twitter didnt work :GWmythicalHyperREEEE: its not posting anything well reddit didnt so I'm not sure twitter would Oh no I just tried to assign uberbot to send the updates to the channels wait I gave the bot the newbie role and the new member the bot role I- GOT IT Hi Ray!  Hi! Oh right @MaralinaSakura better prepare yourself :Dopeyhappy: :killme: see what I'm part of the 2000s kids fhkshfjsj 2004  Based on what Haley said, I'd like to mention that it isn't a competition based on who has it better or worse. We are all people with our own struggles, our own emotions, and we all react on them differently. It doesn't matter that people have it worse than you, someone else having bigger problems doesn't invalidate or takes away yours. It's okay to seek for help. I just clarified it because I know that when the mind is in a state in like this, it interprets everything the wrong way Youd be surprised at how much a change of environment and support can change your life Girl not here I'm dragging your ass out Who says lack of emotions is a bad thing?
Also; you have emotions. The way you've been feeling negative, everything you felt about yourself, those are emotions. Your mind is just pushing your other emotions down because that's what depression does. That doesn't mean that they're gone, only that they're being overpowered. You better be You'll make it
I believe in you I love that emote I have it on my server Along with :nyooo: I did too UmiYay is a global emote tho :GWovoYayy: HAU.... it has GW in it's name :GWunuWakaOK: lemme see restart your discord i havent eaten in the past 24 hours :kek: I should probably get something Me: *tries resting*
Family: *walks in room, opens door, and turns on lights*
Also family: *leaves, doesn't close door, doesn't turn off lights.* :Dopeyangry: Noah kinda uhhhh  ~~I swear I'm underage I can say this~~ Gn firework!! Sleep well KILL LIAM oh fjdhskjdkdfj Maxwell? whats that peepo gun emoji you use right mara DONT TOUCH HANA https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/621703764801486865.png?v=1 NO  well that was anticlimactic https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/621703764801486865.png?v=1 She *is* the killer  #creative-land Who did this ~~they're getting a raise~~ https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/371793836466503681/824789269503148064/Screen_Shot_2021-03-25_at_7.37.57_PM.png :judgeyfroge: Tyrel.... I would rather marry Duke Richards, and not in the Mara kind of way :ohgodohduck: YOURE SO LUCKY @Metta here u go, just came out like 3 mins ago