hello children of the corn i hope you are all okay 💕💕💕 so this is like a continuation of the other server? if anyone here uses tiktok i’m an elderly woman who doesn’t know how it works but i didn’t want any of you to see it if anyone is currently in california please stay safe a gender reveal? what the fuck sorry it’s just some american shit is bizarre my mum is a teacher and she hates when she gets non vaccinated kids in her class my primary school was very diverse my high school was in the white trash area of the city there was three pakistani girls (one of them my friend she HATED our school) and one turkish boy in my year group my city has a large muslim community like if you go to london it’s way more diverse i know somali pirates are still a thing these are my goblins i wish everything is okay until the cat runs judging by your pfp i take it you are the cat **GWENT**? hi guys i hope you are all doing well i’m okay thank you :dogeheart: oooooh would anyone be down to play sunday? anyone want to play among us? anyone else i’ll send a code soon? @ me if you want to play i’ll set up a room okay YEAAH WE GOT THREE JCENUF is the code europe oh shit i forgot sorry guys i didn’t know we could should i go public @unforgivablespelling are you joining? same code we are in a game right now but you can join later i will hey we are ready i’ve set it to private so you can join @unforgivablespelling europe i’m in okay!!! we are same code you might have to be quick i’m purple by the way thanks for playing i have to go now tho you are welcome!!!! sorry it was only brief is wetness still a thing??? is it still breathing? no please my heart can’t take it i’m getting too old for pb’s shit is there anywhere we can share petitions? sorry i know i’ve been absent a while what in the romance bargain bin discount section is this? wubsbwhhss right in front of her i opened choices today after a decade and i did not feel interested in any of it unfortunately VN? oh of course yeah it’s disappointing oh i miss it lives if i have to look at that man with the long neck again it lives in the hospital they cancel all their books with interesting concepts they gave that damn fetus book a sequel kind of a fuck you to lesbians too tbh like i wouldn’t mind so much if they had a balance it’s giving facebook mum (the bad kind) that sounds like something off of episode how you gonna be a vampire under stage lights? i do find that strange not a cop book the nanny affair adverts are so funny some of the covers are fucking awful like???? it’s not a big deal tho tna is pretty bad imo the it lives covers and haunting of braidwood manor are the best imo i kinda like that tho like *the mystery*