Im 20 does that role counts for me ? Im also she/her 18+ :kek: Bear Grylls would be sad hearing this  inSEctS aRE a gREaT soURce oF PrOteiNS He eats things no humans can eat  Anyone knows what that thing on the top left corner of the choices homepage does? Yea and...? :HOLUP: So in other words it's useless :hmm: Good good I thought it was something for VIP players :kek: What does this friend time do? Oh I see Thanks! :Dopeyhappy: :hmm: Yeah I think I need help I forgot the command :hmm: True The things some people do on tik tok...  The ccp steals data from you Via tiktok Bad bot Bad bot I am pro at stick tennis :kek: And in Wii or kinect Tennis 100 Noice BAD BOT Congrats! :DaxYay: Which year of college is sophomore? Oo nice I'm yet to be a freshman  Damn you all old :kek: Ancient :kek: I loved rl stine's goosebumps Though I wouldn't be able to sleep at night but it was worth it! Same SK was really boring for me Even more than TF Hmm Yeah :kek: Wait I think sk has a sequel? :hmm: :hmm: :hmm: Weight training helps a lot to reduce belly fat Daamnnnn You're so fit :Dopeyhappy: It seems you are already a long way from where you started! Truly That's cool Idk what's my height :hmm: :kek: I never got time to work out :Dopeysad: :dead: Except blobfish https://media.tenor.com/images/a4399bc899e1e367871fbe1c830da5dd/tenor.gif :kek: I wonder if it's for eating :hmm: :ohgodohduck: > would you judge somebody who did all the diamond scenes in witness? lol
@Metta if you are modded then no, if not then YES :kek: :kek: > i dont mod.....
@Metta heh no judgement I was joking It's very eezy Oof That is why you go modded  I don't get why some people are against modded version In the wiki server you were never allowed to talk about the modded version If you are broke but still genuinely enjoy choices, being modded is the best option for the full experience I can send you the link in dms You don't have to waste a single penny to spend more time with your li  You will have to diamond mine good books also to choose all premium choices in wetness I think :hmm: :OOF: :Dopeysad: Why don't you guys add Yggdrasil bot? :Dopeysad: That's good to hear Damn how long were you awake :hmm: :OOF: Das gud Sleep for the entire day :kek: Schleppe is important Minimum 7 hrs ~~i never used to get that during my school days~~ I think that's the minimum requirement Some say 8-9 hrs But I think that's during puberty Otherwise for normal adults its 7 hours o guess :hmm: Cool Bad bot :kek: Yeah the braidwood one https://youtu.be/KOm43NbK1Tg This one also Yea https://youtu.be/tw94Ys2k2gw This one's amazing I'm not sure which one's more scarier for me Both are equally scary for me :hmm: True https://spartacus.gayguide.travel/gaytravelindex.pdf > What's this @Deleted User ?
@itsmeansh it is a list which ranks countries based on how safe it is for people of LGBT community to live in I suppose I wish they made a science fiction book or a historical tale :Dopeysad: I haven't played atv though How was courtesan of rome? Haunting of Braidwood manor was also a horror I think Braidwood manor had one of the cutest mc :Dopeysad: Mtfl poster looks like a ||threesome|| tbh ||_bloodbound orgy intensifies_|| That sounds good! :kek: I love your pfp    Of course I forever stan kamilah              Wait there's a new book coming?? :dead: Oo  Dammit wanted to continue the chain :Dopeysad: THIS IS ANARCHY The same thing happened in the previous server ! > Do you see my dilemma
Nope... True Absolutely nothing KIM JONG UN REINCARNATED YES Top 3 dictators
1. Admiral general aladeen
2. Kim Jong un
3. Mara Number wa'an Remember when news was circulating that Kim was in coma? Good ol times  Who? :hmm: Oh lol :Dopeysad: The deadliest earthquake which killed around 830k people happened on my birthday :hmm: :this: :dead: :dead: :dead: :dead: But what? STTTAAAPH BANNNNNN the Trr mc is gonna give me nightmares I can't look at the queen of Cordonia the same way again !!! :dead: :hmm: :Duffyevil: My friend has gone to study in Singapore and he has lost his mind because apparently people use toilet papers in Singapore instead of a bidet :kek: :kek: He didn't get a mug also! I love my bidet  I can't imagine life without it I would probably cease to exist without it I haven't met any rich people so I dunno  But I think those do exist :kek: :hmm: Ye me neither True IT DOES EXIST @MaralinaSakura :hmm: It looks cool :kek: :smart: > I can understand using a bidet when youve just done a number 2
@MaralinaSakura imagine you have a dirty plate and you have to wash it and you are using just toilet paper, the end result would be quiet messy Ew bots Bad bot :hmm: What's CAD Oo > I have never done anything
@ saaaaaaammmeeee My life till now has been so uneventful >  if you want to play NHIE, pls come to #no-mic-chat
@unforgivablespelling theres a Netflix show called never have I ever :kek: there should be a role for someone who used all premium choices in wetness XD i started wetness XD YE oof im in chapter 4 bad :HOLUP: i dont wanna come out hard but i think a year long break from everything is a bit too much.. > @Deleted User  gap year is a standard practice in the western world where you generally work/travel and get to know yourself
@downer oh I see, I didn't know that coz we never had anything like that I've heard people taking drop year for preparing for exams only Oof we never get snow :Dopeysad: yea but not in my state actually we do get in my state i think :hmm: but i still live like... 500 km away from the place :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: :dead: :OOF: farmer suicides also :OOF: I mean global warming caused snowfall in Saudi Arabia  ~~we can still expect~~ :OOF: :OOF: > You guys get snow? :kekwhands:
@MaralinaSakura only she I can imagine a mouse crawl out of there :kek: That's good news! :uwuhappy: What does the wind pattern say? Hmm Who knew during new year's eve of 2019 that this would be such a fricked up year :hmm: According to a Chinese virologist the virus was in a Chinese lab Search Dr li meng yan > There is a movie named Contagion (2011) which made me think if the virus is man-made, did they take inspiration from this movie?
@itsmeansh and in that movie also the virus came from China :kek: I recently saw the movie And its literally the same thing happening right now! Mass graves! Spreading through contact Etc etc Only difference is at the end the virus was made Whereas there seems to be no end for this :Dopeysad: Even the Oxford vaccine which was undergoing human trials have caused some neurological side effects YESS I AM ADAM!!! HIIII!!!! HOW ARE YOU?? yess I am thanks! I missed y'all and Mara is not graceful wtf Hi Ray!  How are you? oof I believe in you :Dopeyhappy: lol Hi to you too! How are you doing? fjcrshneirugf haha thanks ~~I didn't realize people see reactions these days lol~~ yes A theme she is herself confused about ljsfouhsurf yeah. And HEY FIREWORK!!!! How you doin'? Ayyy! Glad to hear hehe. thanks! aww I missed being here too  :uwuhappy: lol. that would make it less *dramatic* though fair enough no one's life is fair tbh hehe. I am glad I can contribute y'all are amazing :uwuhappy: :uwuhappy: She deserves it:dogeheart: :Dopeysurprised: :dogekek: True I dunno why mc never wanted to turn into a vampire :hmm: I am currently playing wetness Then I'll start tna Then I'll continue mtfl Gotta sleep. Gnight! Ahh I haven't thought about naming the twins yet Maybe Dooms and Day sfnviusrngvir :ohgodohduck: Bump and Dump nuuuu that would be a constant sad reminder Stan Spirits! Who wants me to work on IRIS 2.0 for this server next month? it is indeed but then it evolves into samurott and things go downhill I hate him for some reason ~~which is probably me losing everytime~~ The only water starter I stan is Squirlte Piplup is cutie I wanna stream me playing pokemon soon in VC probably continue that fan game red chapter Oh I won't be doing it today lol Happy timezones! ~~Totally not stolen from @DaHomieDrew ~~ oof oof I wanna buy a switch along with Pokemon LG: Pikachu but the thing's too damn expensive plus I would have to import it lol. typical sibling stuff hmm yeah  my dad only talks about colleges these days. I want a break from him ngl frnfirnf I don't get bollywood references lol My mom is a chill person dad is chill as long as things go *his* way which movie is this Yash Raichand from lol :OOF: why do I have this saved by the name of clownery lmao. Anyways, uhh throwback when I, @oge and idk who else decided to become @DaHomieDrew :killme: > K3G

oh! I never watched it nrsfnrusfn It was on my bday too I am indeed I'm a barbie girl, In a barbie world Not gonna sing any further No, I am Chaotic Pri nfishvinrgv Now I know what to name my hypothetical QB MC NewPri, WannaPri, Queen Pri Me too I have destroyed so many friendships :kek: It's really annoying when people take shit personally :kek: :kek: I finished my tasks and was following some guy for fun coz it was fun seeing him run away and he held an emergency meeting and kicked me out  And I wasn't the imposter The imposter won that game  :kek: :kek: :kek: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/756098525200384090/756185124655333436/Screenshot_20200917-190514__01.jpg I think it really depends on where you live exactly. My primary school was a private school and mostly had people who were local. My middle school, being a govt one had people whose parents were in transferable job. So naturally, there was more diversity thing is, the northern countries like UK, the majority are bound to be white since that's the local there. Unless there are people who migrated from other places, you won't see people of different ethnicities yeah. a place's development also factors a lot in diversity since people migrate to developed areas this is why people need to be educated Imma send a video to #education-channel . Its about racism and it sums everything up pretty well that's just... I blame their parents. Since no child can discriminate like this without any outside opinions influencing them Tho I agree. Most of the kids get educated and grow out of it. The ones that don't... well... they are shitty and deserve to rot indeed I feel like, the internet is doing a good job of bringing these topics to light Again!? :MunchlaxMunch: Did you get back VIP :Dopeysurprised: :Dopeysurprised: Demn Dedication 100 > hey, I playedSK as a non-vip. How hard can it be
@Rayvenrock SK is different from BB :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: You just can't not stop playing BB :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: :dead: > This is mine 
@Hayley I admire that there are next to no icons on the screen lol. Also, the wallpaper looks dope tbh. That's cute but the reasoning behind it is sad  Noice noice now bask in the beauty BB cHarACterS DOnt waSH THeir cLOtheS Multiple sets of the same outfit  :kek: :kek: :kek: Y'know what's cursed? Yes DS MC wearing the same frickin' lingerie throughout the 15 chapters I knew it! because they time-travelled so they can't have extras  your welcome IKR > your welcome
@Deleted User thanks oh and also bolas MC because I don't remember them packing and ES MC tho ES MC might have changed once in a while STAHP WHAT HAVE I UNLEASHED also, more cursed stuff - where did BB MC change clothes when they were in that Demitrius island? > also, more cursed stuff - where did BB MC change clothes when they were in that Demitrius island?
@Deleted User in the forests? > I did wonder how the DS pirates brush their teeth
Brushing is least of my worries lmao. I have some other worries but they aren't suited for discussion *openly*? Yea like where did they poop > *openly*?
@Deleted User no maybe in some secluded corner ||But like - it isn't mentioned that they go away from the boys to change clothes|| > Yea like where did they poop
@Deleted User they were in the sea so probably pooped in the sea > But like - it isn't mentioned that they go away from the boys to change clothes
@Deleted User idk then iirc, I raised most of these issues on the OG spoilerland > But like - it isn't mentioned that they go away from the boys to change clothes
@Deleted User this is a spoiler btw! And this is #no-spoiler-zone :Dopeyangry: :Dopeyangry: :Dopeyangry: WHY DA HECC ARE WE IN NO SPOILER ZONE THO! :kek: :kek: :kek: :OOF:  sorry to hear that hope you're doing well Stay safe Adam! oh! Glad you are doing okay Good to hear Do pirates exist now? PB said they do on their loading screen for DS :hmm: I've heard of them tiktok who? Finally it's getting banned But I thought Microsoft bought it? :hmm: Gud you know what this means guys is it just me or am I more chaotic in V2? :JoJoThink: Wait I didn't change this one Last I changed was Raleigh fwjjrniufnwfib fnwrufhwrib :CharmanderHi: :MunchlaxMunch: This is Spoilerland V2 Pro Max hehe thanks I love y'all too UwU https://cdn.discordapp.com/icons/751463038602969229/3c464939b4480975a15972634493ecd1  what? because Spoiler Land V2 sounded like a phone model so I added more terms to make it a phone model :MunchlaxMunch: :dogekek: Pixelberry Pixelberry SpoilerLand V2 Pro Max with 102TB storage 12GB RAM And lots of chaos hehe I try btw WHO SAID THIS AND WHY DOES THIS MAKE SENSE! SO muCH CHaoS nahhh could do better there is no such thing as too much chaos Entropy 100 :kek: haha. happy to be of service throwback @MaralinaSakura do you remember this? by threep of all people TRR MC > Did you really just make a spell out of gibberish words from Choices books
@MaralinaSakura why yes I did See, my observation was Elven language = Vaanti Language so I added all the vaanti words I knew and then added ATV words to increase the length I wish I could show y'all how chaotic #admin-chat is and I didn't even cause the chaos this time mara suggested a compromise of 2.5 :MunchlaxMunch: go vote in #deleted-channel ~~aur khatm karo Mara aur spirits ki is vellepanti ko~~ https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/755538089258254409/755538484974059560/Spoiler_Wonderland_-_Creative_Lands_-_choices-land_711210920650473493.html y'all need to download it and read it its final. the answer is 3 @MaralinaSakura  you can't just pretend to not see it its da truth stop spamming the image. You lost! https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/651467428475305986.png?v=1 fsunsrufnwusg Go vote Gnight! :CharmanderHi: hehe throwback so professional Spirits ... I guess it was about how far off madman is from madam Mara said 2 and spirits said 3 same tfw you always sleep for 8+ hours  oof. I don't have any classes or anything to do so I sleep whenever I want to and its easy to sleep for 8-9 hours Has anyone ever wondered why none of the male LIs have chest hair? :hmm: :hmm: What about body hair having hairs everywhere but your head is the worst Hair good Atleast you can cover your head with a wig :kek: ~~same~~ Didn't you guys always stood out and were pretty? :Dopeyhappy: mine is similar to viv's color in pcf huh? idk you should be able to see? :ohgodohduck: pfft yes I never participated in them lol. ~~because I never had screenshots ~~  yeah rip I did have gif convos a couple of times with people tho. Most recent was in Mara's DMs hmm  oof! you can use them in #screenshots if you want tho. I know. But why not have a screenshot convo here oof oof discord really needs to work at light mode. Somehow its worse than I remember :dogeheart: :dogeheart: :Dopeyhappy: aww they are so cute and surprisingly look like they love each other oof this reminds me of me and my brother also the fact that my mom refers to us as cat and dog since we barely get along fhruinerunf maybe the pfp has nothing to do with it tho lol Now we just need to change the server icon to sth pastel Make the bots pastel too UwU agreed the level roles are in rainbow order yeah :this: gmorning spirits! how are you doing today? oof still the burning pain phase? oof that's gonna suck real bad good luck you need it lol bruh Sei is amazing too   :dogekek: MoDDEd verSIon of ChOiceS Is NOt avAIlaBLE FOr iOS Good luck! Just stay confident and it'll be okay! everyday is a good day to stan us whatchu mean so what? Chaotic people can get stanned too! I missed a convo about PTF  the demi lovato game I can't open for some reason now yeah. ~~better than what Mara named me~~ I was on ch 21 of bk1 random its to match the pastel vibes yeah. I couldn't find any pastel crown for the logo that fit well so just chose the funniest head gear its *grandma chic* > 'grandma chic'
sprits came up with this I did search flower crown transparent lol. None of them seem to look good on our pb logo lmao I think it doesn't have a body I can see that now lol random question What would you prefer 1. Living with your conservative uneducated judgemental aunt and her 2 boys. (But you'll get a separate room) 2. Living in a hostel with stupid and strict rules and having to share a room with an unknown person wut? but there's no sewer and no clown guy :huh: I- lets say money is not an issue and the judgemental aunt likes to barge in without permission and sewer is not an option Mainly curfew timings, you cannot take leave easily, fixed timings for eating and sleeping etc. but the hostel has curfew timings and a ROOMMATE! both of these options are so terrible yeah plus fights are easy to break out I thought the hostel had single rooms but unfortunately its double or triple sharing rooms lets say 3 years yeah but the aunt...   ahh that is one thing I completely forgot about oof same first option it is then thanks! she just tries to find gossip against me for some reason so I'll have to be prim and proper in her house an elegant lady I- ok why does that make sense :MunchlaxMunch: I was resting my head on my hand for 2 hours and now my hand is dead Firework you were supposed to sleep go sleep they are but common bathrooms and roommate in hostel  why did you remove one emote mara? hmm I was reading through hostel rules and some of them were too strict imo yeah exactly both hve their pros and cons I can't decide what's better for me I mean I still have about a year to decide but   oh they are I am used to them fat-shaming me My mom will have to move when my dad gets transferred so I'll have to live either with my aunt or in hostel when that happens yeah. I have time to decide but its better to start thinking early frsnfign thanks! If dorms are anything as portrayed in TF then yes they are very different ngl I wanna rent an apartment and live alone but I know my parents will never allow that ikr I want freedom too tired of all the judgement maybe if I work hard in 1st and 2nd year and prove I can be independent, they'll allow me to live alone exactly 1st year is gonna be online most likely given we are doing really bad in terms of the COVID situation. I can adjust for 1 year at my aunt's house. During that time, I can pick freelancing or do some other stuff and save up to live alone in 3rd and 4th year yeah. I hope it works I am assuming the ad rewards you get in-app But I am not sure Yay! now go slee dayum. Also, I am asking you to sleep for 2 reasons
1. You need rest from all day's work
2. I need you to sleep to overtake you in XP you have participated in an auction. That's enough work for today XD WHO WANTS TO READ EPIC MOMENTS FROM PREVIOUS SPOILER LAND THAT I SAVED FOR NO APPARENT REASON?! Yay! Hold on while I load the archive rip the archive software but here's the first ever message that made it to #epic-moments *We are men, manly men* :MunchlaxMunch: oof its in production hell like MW2 and Abra ka Dabra 2 the latter, only select few Indians will understand *inch resting...* online classes are so difficult to listen to when theres only cars honking and dogs barking when the teachers unmute themselves  > it's hard if u have all that and the teacher has crappy wifi
@Rayvenrock teacher has crappy wifi+ you have crappy wifi > That's a pretty relatable struggle but our Professors have to go to the university to deliver their lectures
@ oh i see i see yea most govt institutions have bad services :dead: Hello beautiful spoiler lovers! How are you guys doing today? Ahh yes I forgot /nick Pri loves chaos Why didn't it work?!!! I hate mobile discord Yes please Yay! UwU I expect y'all to be doing great Oof! I will be joining college soon ~~dont scare me~~ Yeah oof :OOF: This question must have been asked many times before i came here but where do the editors get the scripts from! I'll understand if its kept confidential Ok  Ye I understand time to sleep gnight Govt: destroys environment
Also govt: ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES IS COMPULSORY its a smart decision. current govt doesnt want to save environment so its taking steps to make the future govt save environment I only changed my name Ye  was watching some college reviews and saw this new channel, thought I'd check it out but then I saw they made a spelling mistake and I was like - nahh it wasn't a typo. It was a legit spelling mistake. Also, I'll leave you guys to the sports talk lol. Not my cup of tea. Have fun! :CharmanderHi: PE was a joke for me since I used to take leave on those days Also, dayum I miss bubble baths The house I lived in when I was in 5th grade had a bath tub. It was the only house in my entire life to have a bath tub. dayum rip fortunately, having enough transfers and taking calculated leaves almost always saved me from sports and PE the only time I had to run was 3 laps for my PE practical in 12th grade oof yeah same. We have the AAHPER test over here (which I missed consecutively for 4 years btw  ) yeah happens twice a year on normal PE periods we'd be left in ground with 3 balls and allowed to do w/e we want so I would sit in a corner and do my hw I am not athletic at all I didn't have friends to wander :/ > I remember one time we had to do 5 physical things in a row with no breaks. first was pushups, then situps, then squats, then sprints and finally jumping over hurdles
AAHPER is almost this except for the last part I think aww thanks guys ~~btw I scored a full 30 in PE practicals just by running 3 laps. Who would've thought~~ and a 50/70 in theory > I would assume so? But Pri would know
Sorry I was AFK. Theory is basically a written exam which had questions related to diets, sports injuries, some yoga stuff, other disorders, game rules etc. It was a sixth subject I took in 12th grade to add a cushioning effect to my percentage but I performed horribly in PE in comparison to other subjects and it was mostly a waste yeah I thought it would help hide my physics performance but then I scored an 87 in physics and an 80 in PE oof I was mostly doing JEE prep (I mean I was coding all year but for my family, I was preparing for entrance) yeah since I was in a diff school in 12th grade, I didn't bother making new friends just to be lost in touch after a year so my 12th grade was basically me spending in CS lab either learning new stuff or working on my yr end project 11th grade was also me in CS lab learning C++ because I was in a new school in 11th grade as well and I was the only girl who had CS at that time yeah I am hoping to either get dual degree in CSE or BTech in CSAI CSAI = Comp. Sci. with specialization in Artificial Intelligence. Yeah its super cool I love coding ngl ehh we'll see C++ in high school was fun Now, they teach Python to high school students. Mine was the last batch to pass with C++ I mean, education system varies by countries Here, its basically HTML in 6th-8th and XML in 9th-10th. Then Python (or C++ in my case) in 11th and 12th but my school was lazy and we basically never got to learn HTML or XML I think he means high school graduation I graduated from HS in 2019 In India, graduation is generally college graduation ^ yeah mhmm I wanna do dual degree just so that I can have a masters degree Because no way in hell am I gonna prepare for GATE yeah ooh yeah indeed but hey if its all coding then I don't mind oof My brother has strands of white hair since he was 4 lol. It can happen due to various reasons. I haven't really looked deeply. Just went through the syllabus of B.Tech last year and was awed by all the subjects from 3rd sem onwards I know I will soon Dual Degree has more specific subjects from 3rd year onwards plus they just have 1 18 month long project instead of doing 2 projects for separate degrees mhmm dual degree is really cool aww thanks I will be applying for counselling in some colleges day after tomorrow oof afaik, its just one large M.Tech level project in dual degree rip that's gotta be tough lol. yeah I am sure I will be having nightmare fueled nights too in college because of how I like to do things last moment I used to pull all-nighters in school whenever I had a deadline to meet so it would be like - wake up all night, maybe get 30 minutes of sleep, school then crash on bed at 3pm Those were fun ngl like the adrenaline My best notes were made past midnight ooh nice I am terrible at math even tho my mom is a math major nice deadlines are what make me feel motivated ngl lol I never taught anyone because I was a bitch in school Like I legit only taught one girl because she promised to give me a samosa everyday samosa is an indian snack btw US education is quite confusing to me ngl wait, no you are from canada right haha looks like you were quite popular aww. it do be like that sometimes. Its relatable oh so like the education system is quite similar? ahh explains the weird requirements lol frats and sororities sound dumb ngl. But then again, the only source of my info is choices so fnrfnriufnf I barely want to remember anyone from school ngl because of how they only approached me when they needed me English was a wild ride for me ngl lots of ups and downs I got a 90 in 12th grade english the second lowest highest was a 97 in CS ooh lol ikr yes the grammar is quite difficult from what I have heard ooh that's nice I think I got a 10 CGPA (basically 91-100%) in 10th, 84% in 11th and 90% in 12th in English Main problem with English is how it adapts from diff languages that makes it very chaotic Same @Rayvenrock My hindi score was always lower than my english score. To the point I left hindi as soon as I could aka 9th grade lmao Sanskrit is wayy better than hindi imo oof ooh nice ikr the rules are much more clear than hindi or english too oop French :DogeLick: interesting... My cousin loves sanskrit to the point he wanted to major in it but his family didn't allow. So, he is now a software engineer with a sanskrit related yt channel ~~his videos are boring ngl~~ o that's interesting IKR ~~also, I was searching for my cousin's channel but I can't find it for some reason~~  :GWovoYayy: I get so confused between greek and latin ngl the alpha beta gamma theta is greek right? ahh ok. So, we use greek alphabets in physics and maths oh And Zeus is a greek god right? hmm ~~see I know some stuff XD~~ mhmm maybe idk I have a lot of knowledge in Indian mythology even tho I am not really religious or anything lol greek alphabets are indeed very beautiful aww no. Its normal lol that makes sense wait, can we have a share about your culture day? where we select a country and everyone can get info on that country OwO virtually sends my shoulder along with a box of tissues aww \_()_/ its not snarky. Its just a shrug saying - you know better than anyone else on what to do I cut my hair a couple of months ago. Not a great experience The effects have subsided now tho oof. yeah its probably a good idea to get them cut by someone you trust Mine is shoulder length now I use a uhh idk what you guys call it, it has claws and just hold my hair above yes I call it a clutcher. Because it clutches your hair we call the small thingies clips. Like the ones you use to manage 2-3 strands of hair this is what I call clips lol I used to wear them to school pre-high school yeah, that's the one I use now-a-days but mine are a bit larger yeah so what I do is twist my hair, pull them upwards and tie them there basically a very messy updo When I go out, its usually a pony tail or open hair lol yes I'll go back to watching yt XD My nails are already short because I bite them very often like I legit don't remember the last time I used a nail cutter I'll sit this one out. I'm sorry but I gotta pay some bills and fill some forms yes foot ones are tastier ngl  Oh C'mon! I am the founder you can't just kick me but *would* you? :MunchlaxMunch: > But not cool enough for snow
That's basically Delhi nope. Its hot af like above 35C Yeah About 4C in the morning 10-15C in afternoon What I hate about Delhi is the sheer number of seasons and all the seasonal changes oof oof oof We do pretty bad in october too in terms of pollution yess love the emojis used perfect ALSO MY DINNER IS TOO DAMN HOT I BURNT MY TONGUE THRICE kadhi-chawal (rice with a type of curry) my 2nd most fav comfort food oof I love the kadhi my mom makes hate the one my aunt makes are those sweet or sour?  ooh idk varan bath lol oh I like yellow dal with curd and rice tho my ultimate comfort food is curd rice the south indian kind ooh nic gn it ain't morning until 4am Bruh the ultimate comfort food is chicken biryani :dogeheart: :dogeheart: :dogeheart: Its a great day to stan all the staff don't you think? :hmm: tru dat there is this website spirits DMed me I think hold on lemme find it https://exoticfonts.com/discord-fonts-generator/ ooh love the font yeah because I am too lazy to bring IRIS back omg yess You legit look like royalty with that crown and yellow colour aww yess perfect :MunchlaxMunch: As you can see, we work very hard No but seriously, we only show you the fun part but the mods and admins really work very hard to make spoiler land a fun and safe space for everyone Ok also, I salute everyone who uses mobile discord. This shit is so hard Laptop is just so easy IKR It's so hard Also if there's multiple convos in diff channels Yes But mara is still getting A fic of raydan killed Hehe I will be sure to pass these comments on to zak Aww Why are you legit telling me what triggers you I- Wait, is this A bait Lol So you want to be shattered *hugs* Dw. I will be your shoulder to cry on Al... right I guess ^ Its honestly fun to watch Yes Its wholesome The entire staff GC was wholesome because of Mara and Zak Not sure He is taking some time off of the fandom Same I AM confusion Don't mind my caps My autocorrect is weird Oh lol Its not A strawberry Its A pixelberry Ooh nice Also no way I AM watxhing A 20 minute long video rn Blades qna will jave to wait Can someone do A tldr For blades qna And lmk if my quesruon was selectes Tomorrow night, we partay ~~if I won't be tired enough to sleep the moment I reach home~~ what's up spoiler lovers yours truly just purchased her first steam game ~~Its not technically a game but w/e~~ Its called discord bot maker and it'll help me create IRIS of my dreams So, should I like create commands and test the bot here or in my secret test server? omg firework what is that font! lol. cool be aware that it will be very glitchy and may end up doing what you don't want alright oh yeah! I was requesting my parents to buy it for a very long time ~~because the cracked version didn't work~~ ~~also, I will have to appeal for my ban in support server because I now have a legit copy of the software~~ I will post a list of potential commands and we all can brainstorm on what IRIS should do ~~I also wanted to request my parents to buy me nitro for a month but then I thought it would be too much  ~~ OH YEAH IT IS A PARTAY yeah but its cool :immashootyou: yeah. I went there asking why the mods aren't working on my ~~illegally obtained app~~ and they figured out and banned me my first ban so now that I have a legitimate copy, I can finally appeal EEP! ITS DOWNLOADING does community content mean mods? :huh: Ok I have no idea what is going on I did. It opened an overlay saying it'll launch when its done downloading hell yeah! :partay: :Duffyevil: how do you guys download the beta version on steam? the beta one has music bot features oop figured it out hhhh one more download We need a clipart of Veronica like that imo how did my 8 yr old self never realized this guy is not buff but is wearing a buff suit this guy is playing the guitar but all I can hear is the piano ok I know logic is out of the table in this show but they had this whole thing on how they don't wanna cheat but now the music is playing from tape and the guy isn't even playing his guitar and people are not even asking where the music is playing from Kya mast hai life lol yeah. those are something. Kya mast hai life is about these 4 friends. This episode is about their fresher's party singing contest which they are now trying to cheat because the lead singer got her tongue swelled Ok can I just say, kmhl just got very creepy lol. So, basically there is this professor who loves this actress. The actress' daughter studies in the college but never revealed her identity. One day, she geeked out about her mom and lied that her mom taught the actress' kid. The professor is now favouring MC so much it feels creepy. Like he gave her the most marks despite her thinking she might fail, made her the class monitor. gave her the responsibility to basically be his assistant in everything. hold on, in one episode z said that he is vir's friend for 7 years. Now he is reminiscing vir's 5th bday. So, Vir is 12 years old? If that's the case... **HOW DA HECC ARE THEY IN COLLEGE???????** I agree I am just binging it rn because I barely watched it when it aired and apparently it is more hyped than ishaan so I wanted to see what's the hype about myself ~~we didn't have sashes oof~~ lol oof. I do remember that one time when I wasn't the monitor, I used to be so chaotic and trouble the monitors. which shouldn't be surprising since I trouble you guys so much yeah I am surprised the monitors never snitched and told to the teacher about me :hmm: lol I sure as heck hope so oop, correction : they are in junior college, meaning 16-17 years not really my calculations make them 12 4 years go poof lol I can't help it watched 12 episodes and ishaan is still the better show nope. MC said that the actress uses dubbing artist and that annoyed the professor so much, he stopped favouring MC it was like 1 episode long lol yeah mhmm... I know the intention wasn't to make the professor creepy but dude that was really creepy ikr also fun fact that I observed, they use the same spot as dramatics classroom, hangout place and the girl's washroom opens there yeah ikr imagine girls washroom opening in the dramatics classroom lol lmfao. So, the dramatics teacher and that creepy prof never got along. Due to some series of events, the drama teacher was made to believe that the creepy prof sent her a rose and she thinks the prof likes her. The dynamics is so funny istg I guess, I mean she put the rose on her hair and is blushing yes the professor doesn't know what's happening because he never sent the rose yeah exactly lol true the creepy prof. He teaches Hindi lol. I just look for shows that intrigue me oop. busted. someone's in trouble for creating a misunderstanding lol > Bet it's a student
It is lol yes you are predicting wayy to accurately lol. They are in trouble the height difference is bothering me lol they legit went with the "this is news" plot huh tfw when the hindi prof who corrects everyone's pronunciation pronounces incorrectly smh creepy prof makes a return by hitting on the drama teacher because he believes that she loves him but is shy tru dat I feel so bad for her oop. that will be interesting to see ngl omg there are so many misunderstandings in the show oof yeah I am binging a show rn its meh ngl but it has its moments POOR DRAMA TEACHER I FEEL SO BAD FOR HER also the new misunderstanding created due to switching of notes alright! good luck! aww that's nice btw, to anyone watching this show, Z IS SUCH AN UNDERRATED CHARACTER nope  aww huh? I SAW THAT :CharmanderHi: :MunchlaxMunch: :huh: :kek: it is I saw the message before it got deleted Both Hilda and Scepter are in same server and it is a dude I won't tell your secret dw I just like teasing people yess :MunchlaxMunch: https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/651467428475305986.png?v=1 also, technically firework is the queen b :MunchlaxMunch:  anyways, uhh back to kmhl kya mast hai life ~~scroll up, I have posted some stuff about it lol~~ it took me 19 episodes to observe his unibrow https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/651467428475305986.png?v=1 lol the show got serious all of a sudden oof also, can I just say, Z IS ADORABLE AND UNDERRATED AND SHOULD BE PROTECTED AT ALL COSTS FREAKING FINALLY MY DUDE IS GETTING THE ATTENTION HE DESERVES the one eating and reading a notebook he has great maxwell energy ngl so there is this episode where the crybaby who also has a crush on the unibrow reveals that she checks his mails and sorts the important from non-important ones. Unibrow, as you'd expect gets mad that she *hacked* his email account. And the girl is being a crybaby about it. I loved how her friends pointed out how wrong it was without giving in to the "crying". But yeah I don't like how the crybaby is behaving in this episode oop. mah boy's busted well. It was good while it lasted not liking the ending of this episode the writers basically want to say its okay to hack your crush's account because you have good intentions also, they had the unibrow's guitar broken in a previous episode and he fixed it using tape. I was admiring how they retained that detail for so long and had the tape on but this one doesn't have the tape so rip consistency unibrow : crybaby, I am sorry I lashed out on you for literally hacking my account and sorting my mails because I am so forgetful with my mails, I'd rather have you as my assistant who reminds me everything https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/651467428475305986.png?v=1 for various reasons There's ethical hacking which is like robin hood :kek: also, ISTG MY 12 YEAR OLD SELF NEVER TOOK INSPIRATION FROM THIS SHOW FOR PASSWORDS AND IT IS JUST A COINCIDENCE Wait, why is the MC carrying a dictionary of all the books oof sorry. I am still binging this show. I call the central character MC who? me? never I am only halfway done with the show  hmm no. The drama teacher got into an argument with him because of that misunderstanding and they never showed them after that hmm mayhaps they are now shipping mc and unibrow tru dat also love the nickname no. MC is a student the daughter of actress because they sing together lmao lol tru sad movies freshen our mind too alam aara, the first audible movie of india is my fav movie can you imagine this half hour movie has 72 songs!!! bruh I was just kidding lmao gl! I'm sure you'll do great good morn-- afternoon nice oop lol. I am glad I amnot the only one with a messed up sleep schedule started watching kmhl again and I HATE THE CRYBABY MC running for college elections yay!  Is it like those typical indian soap operas? :hmm: :hmm: :hmm: ehh kinda its a teen show tho so romance is basically based on misunderstandings and nothing concrete happens ngl I wanna do an Alex Meyers style review of it after I am done watching I seee I wanna stream it here because I believe in sharing the pain but there are no english subtitles rip I feel like I have heard the name but I don't remember the show rn mhmm What I have to do : Help with the dishes, upload MD ch 2, edit TUH (I will get it done today for sure), work on IRIS, fill forms for college, call customer service

What I actually do : Watch kmhl all day lol yes I just looked up ghost bana dost and it aired on sahara one so I have never watched it. I was mainly a disney kiddo ooh I always make to-do lists but never end up completing them unless there is a deadline I watched suite life, it was basically a remake of zack and cody so I never ended up watching past 1 episode, same went for oh jessie. I think the only remake I watched like 10+ episodes was best of luck nikki kmhl talk : Ok I love Zenia but dude this is wrong. She convinced MC to go for elections and now ended up participating herself which created a sort of war between friends. Crybaby is right, they can't just choose which friend to vote for omg this is like a series of mistakes and misunderstandings aww django is so cute. he is like those hard on outside, softie on inside types lmao. So, MC is buying votes with her money and Zenia is bullying people to vote for her :MunchlaxMunch: > Who is he?
he is the one who has a crush on zenia and hates mah boy z (z is zenia's twin) oop My dad closed chrome where I was watching while I was away and idk which episode I was in hmm Imma do just that. Thanks! I use incognito mode oof eep! gl! OMGG YESS  this is why you should subscribe to the govt. newsletters I am confused too. But since I can't draw anyway, what's even the point lmao :killme: dude do y'all remember IRIS' full name? thanks\ how many robots exit in choices? IRIS Hayden that mecha pup from tctf? hehe fact am I forgetting any robot? ahhh the evolved thanks! credit to firework :Duffyevil: yes and yeah evolved should be considered a cyborg does anyone have image of human iris? did iris ever have a human sprite Aleister is a clone. Not a robot imo he is still flesh and bones while evolved isn't y'all checked @I.R.I.S.'s status ? ooh nice ```Starting bot at version: "1.6.10"
 ? Error with the command "Play URL", Action #3:
 ? Error: FFmpeg/avconv not found!
 ? 
```HALP its node.js btw and I am still banned at the support server I was caught using a pirated version of their software  But now I have the legit version And have appealed but no reply :Dopeysad: > "The team is really excited to finally share Ms. Match with the world! It's got sizzling romance, laugh out loud comedy, and more twists than a pretzel! We hope you all enjoy it!" - Jennifer, Ms. Match Book Lead
WHICH JENNIFER?!!! >  including one that will find you torn between a pack of werewolves and the group that hunts them.
:nyoo: there was basically nothing in this email apart from the fact that bd2 isn't releasing in october mayhaps idts ikr because there are 2 parallel universes and they met at infinity and this is infinity I just had cup noodles lol most likely a GOC VIP book :MunchlaxMunch: I am streaming a shin chan game if anyone's interested > I didn't know jennifer allaway existed
SAME LOL! > A while ago I asked about bringing back the asset channel, but nothing came of it, so I was wondering where I could put a huge thing that I found?
The assets channel in the previous server only had asset lists from which people could tell me if they needed any files. But I never updated it so it was kind of pointless. Normally, assets can be posted in the book channels or in #general-spoiler-zone if they are common to many books. yeah aww the logo looks different If the baby wears that stuff, isn't it free publicity for PB?  fair :hmm: Wise decision it does say forbidden romance afterall perhaps MC is assistant of opposition and LI is running in the elections pfft that would be iconic and then the politician coming out as gay because he realized he was wrong all along :MunchlaxMunch: so, basically starstruck but instead of actor, its a politician and its gay who said he was ||assaulting/bullying|| hehehe my first summit on AI Damn noice  Charlie:dogeheart: lol I just noticed the chopped off ears here Anyone facing difficulty in opening choices? :hmm: For me it says there's a new version of choices available and it redirects me to Google play store but there is no update and when I try opening it from play store it keeps on loading :hmm: Wha..... :Dopeyangry: :Dopeyangry: :Dopeyangry: > I guess I gotta look into a mod now hsmdfgkhmh
@kioverity I was modded and it still doesn't work  Welp... Big  :Dopeysurprised: So do I delete the one I have rn? Ok Thx a lot :Dopeyhappy: Yea :Dopeyhappy: https://www.andropalace.org/choices-stories-play-review-mod-apkdata-unlimited-money/ @kioverity  It worked? https://bongo.cat/ Completely unrelated random thing no matter what, this will always be my fav thing about IRIS if you save on fb then no uhhh... I mean, that would mean discord is a time traveller too along with computers and internet but the channel was the most active channel on that server XD ...or just general shit-talking the app. They don't get that they are not the intended audience for PB and they have a LOT of other VNs to fulfil their desires. Not to be intruding but why do you want to delete the mod? :hmm: If many people feel that way, we (staff) can discuss it. god I love this emote so much The guy still kept pinging me and I just snapped at him also the fact they have nitro yet keep pinging as if they don't know how annoying a ping is Idk tbh. He is in the dead server I made MARA! https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/685872277098856471.png?v=1 Its a JEE server lol I made it, put it up on disboard and forgot its existence ...and yet it has 100+ people yup  I just discord search mara's emote names and copy link then paste them wherever JEE is the college entrance 1.3 million people in India appear for every year and its only for engineering and he pinged me once again If he pings me again, that's def what I am going to do He is asking me to send him a friend request just so he could pester me in DMs I would have politely answered his questions if he didn't ping me 4 times yeah nahh I would have blocked him too but then I didn't want to create a scene in a dead server. And the convo died down now so I think its good btw feel free to raid the server or whatever lol. Its dead anyways  I'll DM the invite :zoeywink: oop I mean its a server made for an entrance test so even I am unsure how a raid would work I am in like 30 servers, about 8 of which are choices servers SAME Its confirmed Voltra is IRL Kiara So I am a cute cat thingy? hehe thanks! lol that's the intention Pink is like a really calm and soothing colour ooh happy lesbian day woo! :BooParty: I am not a lesbian but I am happy for my lesbian friends :Dopeyhappy: Umi Ngl I still think you are an anime girl with big doll eyes pfft No, I associate Liam with Metta lol ... I messed up the brackets again didn't I thankyou thankyou thankyou :JoJoThink: is it the android kitkat phone? can you do one teensy thing for me please? Go to settings and tap the about phone section and send a ss of that here Yeah, he tried that but still getting an error Remember the dude I mentioned yesterday who kept pinging me? He pinged me today as well and I blocked him  Noice nobody messes with Pritrick XD #mismatch also that means its assets time ~~well after I hang the clothes that is~~ its legit chapters-esque  pfft meh he does look like chapters version of dust-- I mean Justin ngl :MunchlaxMunch: Ok now I gotta go hang clothes inb4 my mom complains about it brb I... have downloaded just now. Will check and post in #mismatch in a few #mismatch show's about to start boys and girls and my enby pals! @ZATheDeadMan WB!!! We all missed you We are doing great UwU! Join us in #mismatch I mean tbf the chaps are like barely a minute long lmao AMAZON SELLS MUSHROOMS? ngl those look cursed fnvignsrg ooh ~~looks like I gotta try them~~ if only those were a thing here Damn I thought my WiFi was messed up :dead: the banana suit made a comeback :GWovoYayy: :Dopeysurprised: :Dopeyhappy: I wish to thank akinator and chloe st james on this special occasion :BooParty:  And Annelise and empress azura and maralina :BooParty: It happened with me but i started getting food delivery ads :hmm: maybe because the apps started using targeted ads. Meaning it asks google for your search history and gives you ads based on that. So, because Kaleen might have searched food delivery or looked up restaurants recently, he got those ads while Adam might have looked up for some medicines. You can go to your account settings on chrome to disable you being tracked for ads if you feel uncomfy even your amazon search history is tracked for ads. I remember looking up tables and then the entire day I got ads for tables everywhere haha. perhaps you looked it up? or it was just a coincidence It happened with us also Many times iT liVEs iN yOUr phONE ahh I can imagine  btw,  where are you planning to get admitted this year @Deleted User? (if you don't mind sharing) I'm currently doing bsc physics in St Xavier's ooh. aren't you applying for the JoSAA counselling? Since i was an nri, my admission process into engineering colleges is different ahh makes sense > ooh. aren't you applying for the JoSAA counselling?
No NRIs have a different procedure So if i get into a good nit imma go there Otherwise imma continue where i am now mhmm... sounds good Wbu? currently making my priority list its tiring True What college do you prefer? iirc you wanted to do CSE right? Yup I have applied in JAC-Delhi counselling. ~~Hopefully will be taking sth from there~~  I can't seem to find anything good in JoSAA for my rank What's your rank if you don't mind me asking 25225 In advance? didn't qualify  tbf I didn't study for advanced at all lol Oof I gave up by that point I never studied for advance I slept for 30 minutes in paper 2 There weren't any decent coaching for IIT jee where i lived and then at the end our teachers kinda abandoned us  :uwuhappy: that's how dedicated I was Not their fault because they had to see the next batch but i like saying the story like that :dogekek: true your batch did get extended by a lot lol Ye I was in VMC last year, didn't like it so I didn't join any coaching center in my drop year Ah i see I even applied to DU For bsc physics And the cutoffs my god :Dopeyangry: :Dopeyangry: :Dopeyangry: DU is ridiculously hard to get in Istg In hansraj college the cutoff for physics was 99%  They take the marks in maths physics and chemistry My cousin couldn't get into any IITs/NITs in his time so he took up BSc Physics. Now he is doing PhD from the place whose name I forgot but it has all the samples used to decide units like the titanium block and shiz The only good college i qualified in the first cutoff was some atma sanatan dharma college > My cousin couldn't get into any IITs/NITs in his time so he took up BSc Physics. Now he is doing PhD from the place whose name I forgot but it has all the samples used to decide units like the titanium block and shiz
:Dopeysurprised: :Dopeyhappy: But then i checked the niirf rankings and st Xavier's kolkata on overall was better ranked than that my math, phy and chem marks would give an avg of 92.34 mhmm ~~needless to say DU is wayy out of my league~~ Miranda house of DU was ranked 1st for 3 years continuous But it's a women's college only But even if it weren't I wouldn't have got into it > ~~needless to say DU is wayy out of my league~~
Same In some course the cutoff was 100%    ikr! > ikr!
I dunno what Delhi uni people smoke before setting these cutoffs :Dopeyangry: lmao Das cool Who gets these many marks ! Sharmaji ka beta  :hmm: If I make up my mind to stay here I need to search for a paying guest I suppose doesn't your family live in Kolkata tho? My parents might leave again And my mom wants to leave me alone because she thinks i am still immature So she wants me to live alone oof And ngl i also want to It's not like i have a bad relation with my parents But I just want to experience living alone yeah I get it. I wanna do that too ngl my mom wants to live with me but that won't be possible due to my dad's job. Heh I see so I'd most likely be living with my aunt or in a hostel For engineering colleges I applied to nits in surathkal, Warangal and in dtu and iiit delhi and mnit > so I'd most likely be living with my aunt or in a hostel
My grandparents live in kolkata so idk what I'll do mhmm... trichy, surathkal and warangal are on top of my list Ye they are the top nits you can live with them if you want. As much as living alone sounds good, its good to have someone you know near you whenever you want And now I'm confused :Dopeysad: aww I dunno if I should choose engineering or continue with bsc Coz this college is really good And the campus is amazing I mean, if you love what you are studying then you can keep continuing these are legit my top 5 choices lmao. I know I won't be getting any of them but it doesn't hurt to try y'know True, i like it here but then before all this corona happened, i was gonna pursue engineering and i was mentally prepared to go to an engineering college  > these are legit my top 5 choices lmao. I know I won't be getting any of them but it doesn't hurt to try y'know
Yeah it doesn't hurt to try hmm... makes sense. Maybe wait for the results, look up th syllabus in colleges and branches you are getting, the placements and the infrastructure and fests and see if you are willing to leave your current college for it. Tbh i am not worried much about placements I thought of doing masters after bachelors ooh Because i dunno if i would feel like getting back into studies after doing job for 1 or 2 years for experience  I don't have enough capacity to prepare for GATE lol. So, if I get Dual Degree, I'd much rather prefer that over B.Tech I see I am planning on doing masters abroad But I'll see what I can do in GATE also ahh that's nice I have no plans of going abroad other than for vacation XD If I go for engineering that is Most of my friends have gone abroad Only a handful of us are gonna do undergraduate in India My friends are legit living in dorms and all and I am stuck in my home  I had a phase when I wanted to go to Google's AI division in NYC but then I found how much better it is to be in Google India so I am like ehhh I'd much rather be here preferably with my family Nice :BooParty: My ultimate goal is to work in ISRO Or DRDO dayum. nice It's a govt job so it might be pretty hard to get but no harm in trying I suppose yeah Though I need to think of other alternatives Its always good to have backup True Wbu? What's your goal for now Rn, its exploring everything and find my calling then get a nice internship preferably at google or microsoft and try to get PPO Sounds cool Any preferred city you want to get a job in? maybe bangalore... idk tbh. I think my family would settle wherever I end up having a job once my dad retires Same even I wanna work in Bangalore It's a really good city If you don't take the traffic true lol The traffic is horrible there I think it's even worse than new delhi I'd want to live in Goa ~~as if 11 years weren't enough~~ but I don't think I'd get a good company there lol yeah Yknow theres BITS Goa Delhi only gets worse on peak timings. Bangalore is always worst :this: :this: :this: I didn't give BITSAT this year lol Same I don't like Delhi but unfortunately I get Home State quota here so its my best shot at getting a good college plus the colleges are indeed good True I had thought that if I don't get into any good college in south, I would go to Delhi Though Delhi is kind of bad rn The air quality has again turned hazardous :cooldown: Delhi is always bad And the air is poison this time of the year Idk about new Delhi but old Delhi is really bad Its like our own pollution season like cali's wildfire season New Delhi is def better than old delhi imo I've been to new Delhi once > Its like our own pollution season like cali's wildfire season
Only that this season is regular unlike wildfire true  I legit remember tasting smoke and dust the first time I experienced pollution now I am kinda used to it I just stay indoors as much as possible Yea There's 4 other cities above Delhi though :hmm: Idk why no one talks about that > Really not feeling it
@MaralinaSakura join it and keep your mic and video off we avoid ZOOM like a plague Faridabad is in NCR > Faridabad is in NCR
@Deleted User what about Ghaziabad? Ghaziabad is also NCR Damn... So all these cities in NCR together makes Delhi? So in the list Delhi means new Delhi? well, Delhi is a city as well as a UT. some boundary cities are included as part of NCR due to development shiz. So earlier only Faridabad, Ghaziabad and Noida were NCR but now NCR is extended to Panipat in Haryana iirc And Panipat is like 90km from Delhi Damn... Yeah that's what So, I think the Delhi there refers to the NCT or the UT Hmm They could have just let Delhi be Delhi :dogekek: lol I guess it gets difficult if you are the national capital oof I genuinely *genuinely* hope my online class experience is not bad dayum Oof now I am scared :dead: :dead: > now I am scared
@Deleted User I guess it won't be so bad initially I'm enjoying my online classes ngl It's been about a month I guess Or less than that Idk  So you fainted then ate popcorn and then fainted again :hmm: :ohgodohduck: This comment on the rising tides post  :kek: bolas is as close as you can get i guess :hmm: The dog which was bought by our watchman to chase off stray cats has apparently become friends with the cats and even leaves some of his food for the cats   



                                                  :ohgodohduck: :hmm: 'ud crown tundra .ud crown tundra I- Langucharma I- YOU CANT JUST EDIT AND PRETEND IT DIDNT HAPPEN INWAS ABOUT TO STARBOARD IT!!! You uninstall/disable the fb app, go to choices then log in via your fb account If your fb doesn't have any progress saved, this one will get saved If it does then I don't remember if it asks or straight up loads old data You can install fb back once you log in to fb You don't need the fb app Just click on log in with fb on choices It will open an overlay browser screen > Problem is Choices won't let me log in, when I open it it just tells me to upgrade
@kioverity you need to download the latest version of the mod then I don't think Google play works on mod You can just update the mod instead of uninstalling That won't mess your save Okie sorry  > I have a Google Play account so I guess I could use that
@kioverity Google play doesn't save your progress, i got to know this from choices customer care Connect to Facebook Do the same thing which you did last time Go to the link of the apk and just download it again I sent the apk in this channel some days ago right :hmm: does anyone want to play Among us rn? Me and my brother are playing rn server code - europe - EHEHQQ yeah we will create a new link now FWSTIF sorry europe are you RJ? oh cool we need more people XD wuh how do I change the speed? We are on mobile My brother is setting the game idk how this game works lol I was watching an ad lol aww sorry but you were pretty sus XD My brother voted me lol okie he doesn't listen to me :/ shait gbygbuyg how lol 900 IQ You killed my brother XD https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 can you host the game this time? You guys still playing? What's the code? And which server? Oki  teehee yay! I won Ok Already started :ohgodohduck: the game kicked me out :OOF: tells me to update :OOF: :OOF: reeee My name is pink  its updated yet its asking me to update :/ lmk when I can join Soon you will kill him  :MunchlaxMunch: oop You mean you vented :JoJoThink: he is now blaming my brother lol I can say you are sus from here :marafrogemoji: :JoJoThink: red is an impostor my brother is innocent  :marafrogemoji: @DaHomieDrew knows I use that emote when someone's actually innocent XD Hmmmmmm proof omg red wasn't an impostor vote for blue We need a sus emoji here my brother : blue is impostor
me : I know XD ikr Next time pls write the code in a single block so it's easier to copy paste gotcha  my brother says they lost because of yellow and now he's pissed and ran away tfw pink is not pink omfg Noooooooooooo HOW DID SO MANY BODIES GO UNREPORTED?!? I loved how kaleen said - "me trust pink" Because I killed em and ran away then I returned to same spot on accident so thought I should report :Facepalm: done yeah this is too much fun lol metta joi8n fast we at 8 people It says I need to update but there's no update :ohgodohduck: F i need to schleppe Gg :CharmanderHi: oof. gn pfft omg it was green are you blue metta? did metta join? BRUH ok gotta go. byeee GG Happy Birthday?!?!?!? HBD!?!?!?!?!? ooh Welcome to the 19 squad! :BooParty: HBD to whosever budday today! I will fix it when I'll turn on my laptop Which is tomorrow Btw happy halloween My "friend's" autocorrect is sooo good XD :Dopeyhappy: Bye bye! It was nice meeting y'all Oof ye ok it scared the shit out of me too :dogekek: :cooldown: hmmm anyone else finds it cute how dogs dont realise how big they are and try to fit in spaces in which they fit when they were puppies and are surprised when they cant fit?  :CharmanderHi: daamn oh2 is still not done https://youtu.be/O1CCHv_X_dY What doubt do you have? Oh i havent learnt that far yet , sowy :Dopeysad: :marafrogemoji: > happy deepavali to folks celebrating!!
@thealia same to you :uwuhappy: :Dopeyhappy: Good luck! :smart: I think the guy who made this company couldn't think of a name and smashed his head on the keyboard Idk I found it on Instagram :hmm: Which link are you downloading from? I have no idea what's wrong Are you downloading the vip mod or mirror one or something? Because those don't work :OOF: :hmm: :hmm: Congrats! Same but it doesn't make a difference to me as every day is the same now :ohgodohduck: :hmm: its finally the last month of this year! i am for this year to end that is.. :Dopeysurprised: niic Hi hello i havent and still feel bored Damn vip Naic Vip players just got SCAMMMED yea i was just fooling around https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/kf4anu/realistic_skye_hssca/?$deep_link=true&correlation_id=7a6c1bac-e8ec-40cb-8748-538dcac8804f&ref=email_digest&ref_campaign=email_digest&ref_source=email&$3p=e_as&$original_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FChoices%2Fcomments%2Fkf4anu%2Frealistic_skye_hssca%2F%3F%24deep_link%3Dtrue%26correlation_id%3D7a6c1bac-e8ec-40cb-8748-538dcac8804f%26ref%3Demail_digest%26ref_campaign%3Demail_digest%26ref_source%3Demail&_branch_match_id=770218826367092314 :dogeheart: https://www.instagram.com/p/CJIodPclaCz/?igshid=uoh2hkelok71 Merry Christmas!! (might not be 25th for all but ye) (me pretending to be angry even though I don't like desserts) Wher is Juepsux Hmm @Cowboy it hasn't happened with me :/ And just a word of advice, don't sign in with Google, make sure to sign in with facebook coz if you switch to a new device you won't get your progress back (speaking from experience) F Wait you are talking about not signing in with facebook right? Congo! I miss story scapes The X Files and that one eternal garden book were awesome And the doomsday one Yeah I liked the hair growth Time laps I neve got to finish edge of extinction ): I was only on the part where the old guy had cancer and had to stay back Never got to see that vampire book ): Story scape was much more mature But Choices would need trigger warnings and shit Cause they got lots of people playing I wish Choices makes more violent storys Can we make meth in Choices I want a drug dealer story And its just making drugs Choices needs QB 2 AnD BOLAS2 The books that saved them Those were very entertaining TE was a book I really loved Happy new year! COINCIDENCE? I THINK NOT! Does Lightning McQueen have car insurance or life insurance? :hmm: Hmmm I see Yea :kek: I only hate timed choices that need you guessing cause the last part was not highlighted I use those all the time bahaha Its supposed to be a simulation In real situations you dont need to read anything ~~They like sex~~ Man I wanna be the bad guy in a choices story I wanna blow up trucks and beat up random people Nooooo Those dont have exploding trucks I liked that game https://tenor.com/view/smoke-doesnt-come-out-of-alollypop-anime-hijikata-toushirou-gintoki-sakata-gintama-gif-16080256 :kek: F  :ohgodohduck: Happy birthday! :BooParty: Thats just a robot chill Passsword Thats hard to do Most of choices employees are simple coders They cant do a password lock Thats like novice level PB has too many shitty retcon books on their plate S PB needs to grow a bigger pair with lgbt representation all around yeah Then we need a mature book that isnt a few swear words and dirty romance Yep better drama too More Murder mystery More realistic books Even if it has a warning Modt books that have a warning had a good written chapter :kek: So many v's :ohgodohduck: ye i was thinking whether this goes there or not So they give you 3 diamonds after you make a 30 diamond choices :hmm: INTERESTING Lemme guess... Singapore..?? Damnn Nice Even i lost motivation to play but i havent uninstalled it yet Huhh why did firework leave? :Dopeysad: ~~looks like massage~~ oh......... ~~i thought it was something else~~ dIVide thE pC :marafrogemoji: :marafrogemoji: :kek: The wolf among us was the best ): Yeah theyre working on it whole I think wit every episode planned to release at once so you have the house in the end Nerd gang boii lucky  our college made our 2nd sem also online they be like campus life? nah we dont do that here Hmm https://tenor.com/view/off-size-off-wacky-face-pouty-lips-gif-16675463 12 diamonds oof How is chapters compared to choices? The power box explodes Idk why but the name of the guy who made the petition has a certain ring to it _Chief Beef_ I used to love geography but then they started teaching physical :HOLUP: I had the capital to countys memorized since I was like 10. They immediately clicked fast when I think of most countrys I got a lot of the countys memorized for some reason Done  But it's tasty :HOLUP: I always use that name for filling surveys :kek: :kek: I don't like how true this is :kek: Noah hans down :/ Maharastra is prone to droughts Thats why it has so many cases of (tw) ||farmer suicides|| It rains a lot in wb also but ok Tru You'll do good :CharmanderHi: https://youtu.be/NHEaYbDWyQE Here's something to keep y'all entertained :/ jade is savage :ohgodohduck: HOL UP :HOLUP: :HOLUP::HOLUP::HOLUP: thats not too bad ig imagine sending 150 messages per day :/ i see :hmm: doesnt every book have steamy things XD steaminess is like a subset of romance in choices :kek: hmm yea forgot about that no man jackie's face is cursed and its being released tomorrow right? nic i almost stopped playing choices now  the last book i played was weh and it was sadge which was almost a month ago :worryinjudge: :MunchlaxMunch: Omg its a ghost maybe you were playing choices in your dream and saw barty  HOLUP shes prolly gonna reply to you from an iphone 12 pro now :zoeywink: Mine first one was today Good luck for vivas. Yep Sleep peacefully https://afkgaming.com/articles/csgo/News/6854-csgo-question-appears-on-math-exam-paper-in-vietnam Wish I had teachers like this :kek: same with my college server, and it has like 200+ members but only 5 or 6 people are active :Facepalm: We don't even get those :HOLUP: Only good thing we have is a confession channel Where did Reggie go No Margherita in Choices *Margarita I hear its cool drink Connecticut doesnt have any good bars ): Does Harvard exist in choices world I wonder who went there and appears Was Ethan in a frat I wonder what happens after OH Do we keep working As doctor Coffee Ooh Was it big Have you ever had someone who broke their femur. I hear that its really tough to break Happy birthday! Openly broke an Ethan romance IDK WHY BUT BABY SHARK SOUNDS NICE Happy birthday pri :uwuhappy: :kek: But are you Sharma ji ka beta? Or in this case beti but nerds are cool! when i was in school people of other sections used to think me and my group of friends were extreme nerds XD oh :/ bruuuhhhh :hmm: GET RICKROLLED :BooParty: nice try though Daamn new book :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: good ol days That's true, regular dental checkups and F if your dentist has a rough hand but the treatment will be worth it, your face will be changed after the treatment :uwuhappy: Did someone break a jio tower around you :HOLUP: Ye it hurts Nic i once tasted cerelac and it was so good :a_: i thought you left :kek: iit bombay :bestinshow::bestinshow::bestinshow: but yeh i read about this amazing job whatsapp insta and fb down :HOLUP::HOLUP::HOLUP::HOLUP::HOLUP: :BooParty: Anything but flappy bird :Dopeysad: it sucks Of all the major reforms to be addressed :kek: :kek: :kek: what if it reaches the hod :judgeyfroge: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/432908669777346561/776488615353122826/image0.gif i use the online compiler for c :judgeyfroge: imagine learning c in college after struggling 2 years with c++ or python  yea to some extent dsa is data structures? daam gl :uwuhappy: wb your 2nd sem? will it continue offline? coz a friend of mine got called into their campus and now the 2nd wave has arrived and so they are being sent back home cool online classes are bad but going online after experiencing offline is even worse ah i see :judgeyfroge: :judgeyfroge::judgeyfroge::judgeyfroge::judgeyfroge: math>>>>>meth you be like https://tenor.com/view/ah-shit-here-we-go-again-ah-shit-cj-gta-gta-san-andreas-gif-13933485 wait so till now you were having offline classes? yea same thing is going on here people have forgotten that a pandemic is happening but still engineering colleges are closed medical colleges are open! though now theres a 2nd wave so idk what the future holds it doesnt work with most courses tbh Yea dunno about the 2nd part though  Imagine if it releases for all Loooll There's the famous fashion of hanging the mask in one ear and walking :kek: And then coughing by removing the mask Like why are you even wearing a mask if you are gonna open it while coughing :HOLUP: This one is the most annoying one I felt like telling them sometime to please cover the nose but the thought that it might create a scene scared me :kek: I feel bad for the medical students coz they are suddenly on so much pressure of handling covid patients even though they are not doctors completely yet I use the cotton masks coz they are comfy Ye that's what There's a new  web series also regarding this Operation MBBS or something Hmm doin fine hbu or as they say arrianged marriages are the best :dogewink: ig so I have a feeling that this won't age well I guess so But reality is often disappointing  Ours also keep telling that we will see you in campus "soon" yea you guys will have to have it offline yknow we were having our maths exam today and FOR once it was going good but then the server crashed for everyone and now they will take a retest :Facepalm: I'm for the rock :kek: Welp... Not buying then :HOLUP: But it isn't 1st April anymore :hmm: Oh wait nvm mmm what abt attendance? female doge? O_O i wanna see! HOLUP :HOLUP: my perspective of the world has changed :bestinshow: maybe its that crime book? is it vip? cool :kek: :OOF: so ignorant smh i see This is business :glasses: Legit though QB2 came out :kek: How come everyone be using zoom and we use teams :hmm: Daam Hmm :kek: the moment you expect that now they will stop showing everyones faces, they start showing everyone's face one by one again :Facepalm: yea that also How do we know you are not lying :judgeyfroge:  wait even if you minimized it, it will still be running unless you ended it, so............................ these memes lmaoo :kek::kek: nice lets hope your dream becomes a reality even google maps is no match for the streets of delhi :kek: Daam y'all getting nitro   Wait till I grow up and start earning on my own :MunchlaxMunch: :judgeyfroge: The flex :OOF: :OOF: :OOF: :dead: :Bonk: I just realized that medical kids who graduated online are called Google docs :judgeyfroge: @unforgivablespelling I think you can upload some of your videos here via imgur But since you have nitro already it's fine Choices do be like an escape from reality for most of us I think I need to watch kahaani again coz I didn't understand anything when I first saw it ~~i was small that's why~~ I don't think Amazon prime allows streaming I tried streaming a web series to my friends But it didn't work Hmm Mah man straight up asking his homework in a cricket match stream Absolute madlad :kek: Ah yea I've seen that during PM's speech also  Dunno if it's true though :judgeyfroge: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/824126160220454944/833937744316203008/video0_9.mp4 :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: I'm kinda happy that everyone gets distracted while attending online classes  I worship that one kid who says "yes sir/mam" when the prof asks if everything is clear Then you are da MVP  Imagine having chemistry lab online  I thought I would be done with chem for life after my 1st sem BUT NO I will have oNLinE lABs No offense to any chem lovers though ~~i just hate chem~~ :kek: So..... Isn't that Josh thing today... :hmm: :hmm: This XDD Their songs are catchy though :hmm: Probably yes.......? I am 51% sure but the 49% uncertainty still remains :hmm: Yea nerds are cool EMBRACE THE NERD WITHIN YOU VIBING CAT OR DOPEY CAT? I see I wake up 15 min before my first class so definitely worth it :kek: Cold water is best People say break up hurts the most but have they ever experienced this kind of pain?  :judgeyfroge: Nowadays cab drivers also earn more than an engineer :kek: ~~idk why I'm laughing even though I'm doing an engineering degree..~~ https://www.instagram.com/reel/COpXeSRALI1/?igshid=1labjim2q9mid He's right  sounds like those cringe web series Happy birthday! Same for me It didn't change in my phone also F my discord app got updated looks so ugly good question :JoJoThink: this is better :JoJoThink: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/771991216380182540/846323828358512670/image0-1.png :kek: Like we even have 5g :kek: A lot of people unfortunately :OOF: Same in my pc :Dopeysad: :judgeyfroge: i just noticed that the color of the color strap of your pfp is the majority color of your pfp :judgeyfroge: Why does Bartie look a bit cute :hmm: He shouldn't look cute! Yea Wait which one is Rico? Oh yea It looks cool! ~~why can't I see the spelling errors~~ iNNovaTIon I can't believe they exterminated my man pops :Dopeysad: Walk the dead huh? Might get walking dead nostalgia :Dopeysad: Oh my bad Nice Maybe the zombies will look like the ferals from BB only :hmm: :kek: Looks pretty sus It's in a Japanese island Looks like a sunken ship to me :deargodhelp: nice to meet you fellow water drinker i am a mercury drinker  not yet i shall in the future though O_o daamn happy birthday! enjoy your day! good question :deargodhelp: oh its nothing bad le me who dont know either of them :deargodhelp: le me who thinks that sounds cool Epic games store is giving nitro to all its first time users :sdance: :ahn_ahn: :yeboi: :Happy: ikr shore :Madotsuki_Dance: ah mb :ThumbsUp: wheres the uber bot :extrafloosh: :despair: This weirdly reminded me of the movie Harold and Kumar :KEKW: ye :kek: got sent to guantanamo bay :extrafloosh: https://tenor.com/view/rick-roll-spoiler-dancing-grooves-singing-gif-17906383 i hope it stays clear for few more days :KEKWhands: :hidethepain: :hidethepain: :you_kekeke: :OMEGALUL::OMEGALUL::OMEGALUL::OMEGALUL::OMEGALUL: today is summer solstice! we all can learn some dedication from your boss :boi: +ve vibes only deer  :TriDancee: :skyeLeer: everyone enforced it we all were horrible  but now we have the chance to change it  :sad: please tell me there wont be royal finale book 1 book 2 book 3 :e_minor::e_minor::e_minor::e_minor: :Cat_Wtf_2: i think we need to go on a trr train once it finally gets over starting from the very first book :bruhWHAT: Remember when we had MTFL releasing everyday? :pepelaugh: :pepo_HorseRace: i do my college from youtube :sad_cat: ngl even i didnt realise she meant pregnancy so i was thinking why you are beating yourself up :OMEGALUL: yea i mean how would you know :/ GUMBALL Chicken.. and salad..? :thinkW: It does exist :CC_PikachuWoah: online quiz be like : i dont remember :thinkW: it was like fill in the blanks :Shrug_pepe: yea it is moodle hmm happened with many of us so i guess he will check it out now im hungry :very_angry: holy shet you are right! ROYALE FINALE TOMORROW :UmiYay: :UmiYay: It's the beginning of the end :hindupepe: :hindupepe: :hindupepe: :hindupepe: ASSUMING Royal finale book 2 :pepelaugh: happy birthday! :Dopeysurprised: LMFAOOOO i thought pollution was a constant term :thinkW: delhi has the ideal geography for pollution server icon is sus :hmm: :sustom: ~~dont waste your diamonds on a diamond hoe~~ am i the only one who doesnt have a sweet tooth here :PGshy: :nice: yea.. the last time i ate ice cream was like 7 years ago even i like jalebis but only in a limited quantity This is my professor when she says she is gonna conclude the topic and takes 20 minutes extra in a class that's 30 min after the time is up LMFAOOOOOOOO :lol::lol::lol::lol: no im not laughing at the pun  What technique is this to get orders :thinkW: marketing 100 lmaoo do an internship in pb :pepelaugh: :Ooof: Online :1502_pepelaugh: I see NEW ROLES? or did i just notice it now :/ :hmm: :FishSmirk: :FBI: take care! Stay safe! remind him of the time :1502_pepelaugh: sadge :Sadge: successfully completed first year of college sitting in front of a laptop screen :hidethepainharold: :hidethepainharold: thx :pepelaugh: Sadge Noice handwritings :flush: :ohreally: Am out of town i can still see lettuce lettuce with the mayonese tastes so good gonna loose the nitro in few days :despair: police will put her in jail discord will bribe police  gogles are used while swimming mhm Double g :lol: LMAOOOO Calculus is really beautiful to me heyhey :bestinshow: Hoi heyhey hoi sup thanks mate, glad to be here any pronouns is fine wc lol mood id go for the cleverness question is what kind of pizza? hmm nice speaking of pizza now i want food and i just ate lunch an hour ago despite it being 3 PM yes. yes it is. maybe later when its midnight my usual sched is wake up, eat, stay in my room all day, do some discord and games, eat, and later on eat, and then discord, and then eat again and in between those is just me playing csyp my sched is all discord and eat and csyp and im content with it but that might change tho since its almost school for moi still not f2f tho unfortunately no im not yeah its all good omg loki xD well he is my pfp so yk lmao and also dont i know u from sumwhere? ooh yeah i remember poope in my soupe right? your nn there? yeah it was a fun call ngl u lowkey remind me of one of my higher years mainly cuz u have similar voices lmao and ur vibe as well similar to theirs lmaooo ngl i read ur name here as bleb takoyaki xD what a coincidence did i spell that right? idk anymore nice now im hungry again BWHAHAHAHAHAHAHA heyhey heyheyhey THEY ARE NOT NUGGETS mmh yea i guess idk how to answer that without sounding like a psychopath yes BWHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA lmaoooooo yes amazing eagle eyes hot damn zoey do be lookin fiiiiine owshiiiii heyheyhey wacha up to? ooh a performance? i c i c gl with that mate np mate Someone post this in another discord server omg this is legendary :SONIAWINK: damn Saaammee :scream: e suuuup sup :kek: heyheyheyheyhey heyheyhey heyheyhey nooo the trend that i made its ruinedddddd but nonetheless heyhey nm mornings r weird tho u? is it b99? ahh i c, never heard of it why was it cancelled? ooh that sounds interesting in itself u dont get to see that kind of plot often oh so it actually happened? juicy shit might check it once im done with the show that im watching which ive been putting on hold for quite some time now how many episodes per season? well it seems like i have no will to finish it and another season is coming up but it is a really good show ooh nice well i mean its a lot more than the umbrella academy and they also have 2 seasons as of now yuh but theres gonna be a 3rd season tho another but if they stay with their 10 eps per season then the show uve been watching will be more than tua despite having a new season mhm mhm e bruh yalls r talking DBH in QB chat but i cant mssg my thirium pump is malfunctioning ofc connor is my boy *g o d t i e r* hank and connor r my boys luther is my guy and simon is yes I SHIP MARKUS AND SIMON hell. yes. robo jesus BWHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH SEE I MEMORIZE HIS LINES BWHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG YES IK BOUT THIS WHY AINT HE AN LI THO yo his lines that i love the most is his cole scene where he explained the shizz omg thank fuck i wasnt the only one and also at their current time, cole would be the exact age as connor ik connor doesnt have an age but u get what i mean thats why hank sees connor as a son and is reminded of cole when connor dies again and again if you make connor die again and again, there would be a cutscene where hank ||commits suicide and succeeds in his russian roulette|| AAAAAHHHHHH YES OMFG I STAN THIS YOU SEE THIS WHOLESOME MF connor is the android definition of both hot and wholesome plot twist: Sumo is an android dog *let that sink in for a moment* BWHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA lowkey would be fucked up tho yuhhhh what if there was a secret secret cutscene thats just sumo? omgggg yesssss yo i would love to have a robo polar bear as a pet plot twist: sumo works for kamski BWHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHHAH damn yuuuuuuuus and also fae, love your pfp much appreciated :000000 he did? omg send link OMG YES speaking of gay do you like hamilton? :000 u is hamilton fan? AND IM NOT THROWING AWAY MY SHOT anyways anyone who ships grofflin is ok in my book heres a pic for yalls BWHHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA idfk mate have u seen their vids together lin giving bi vibes when with jonathan despite having a wife and kids BWHHHHAHAHAHHAHAHA pfft lmaooo yuh damn why does he lowkey look like martin from afar? mah man has an entire helipad for himself :pepelaugh: he is too rich also he gets income from Jio 4g internet anywhere at extremely cheap rates sometimes i use the 4g only because my internet gets fked up :KEKWhands: :HMMMM: heyhey last day of nitro :Scream::Scream::Scream::Scream::Scream: i will again be one of the peasants :Scream: :Sadge: heyhey heyheyehyhey oop yall r speaking the language of the gods lmao lmao there was an option where u can tell mara that she did a shit job i almost chose that option oop https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/743208354192818238.gif?size=64 oooooooooooooooooooooooooooffffffff no :gigachad:  "I used to wash your ass when you were a baby" :KEKWhands: heyheyyeyhey hullo howw https://tenor.com/view/gavin-reed-dbh-detroit-become-human-gif-14332212 :000 happy bday! heyheyhey He MAGGI SHOULD NOT GO WITH CURD :deargodhelp::deargodhelp::deargodhelp::deargodhelp::deargodhelp::deargodhelp::deargodhelp::deargodhelp::deargodhelp: wtff :KEKWhands::KEKWhands::KEKWhands::KEKWhands: Qb 2 coming this Wednesday! heyheyheyheyhey sup corgi hows ur day? just chillin nm to do anyways i mean its like 5:55 so yk sup wacha up to mate? what art? sup They selling data in chips packets now  :KEKWhands: heyhey hey hey hey ig they dont mind  some guy got alcohol saying its water idk what happened to that guy later train to busan was so sad heyhey lol it already is discord just needs partner seconded LMAO MEGAMIND :pomg: :pomg: :pomg: :pomg: https://tenor.com/view/hello-there-baby-yoda-mandolorian-hello-gif-20136589 poppy paneer :pomg::pomg::pomg::pomg::pomg: It's Lord Pompadour thank you  I just saw a lightning strike in front of me Almost shat my pants :pomg: no :ohgodohduck: it was so bright though it was! it hit so close that the whole ground almost shook heyheyheyhey sheeeesh not often heyheyhey Use grammarly :smart: ah i see, my uni offers the full version so i use that what does the free version offer? its been few weeks i have been using it (full version) and im pretty satisfied sed they did do something similar in qb no? the picture i mean hmm :cooldown: :CharmanderHi: :hmm: Last one looks like another teaser for that new mystery book PB is only telling us there's definitely no DS 2 because some people think it appropriate to answer comments for PB by "confirming" the sequel, only for some to be corrected by PB themselves. (cont.) I want DS2 and so many other sequels just as much, but come on. A series ends when it ends and there's nothing we can do. We don't know how PB's business works. Just like any job, it sucks but they won't be able to have full control over their own product, there's no point attacking them for it. I mean, do you think every author gets their start on Wattpad and self publishes a paperback with absolutely no input from an editor? I ~~hope~~ know none of us here are that demanding. I think I know how to make Raf stans in this server feel better. I know chapters 10-11 come out in less than 24 hours but if you want I can put your minds at ease....from one Raf stan to another  My baby  I am so looking forward to that ~~messy~~ EPIC breakup! And makeouts. That too. :wut: :OOF:  UB3R is no more :hmm: :smart: Do any of you feel like female robin looks like a previously used choices character? A slight resemblance? I can't recall who :hmm: > Yes
@ WHO Ooooo Yeah now I remember ^ Drink pasta  why is wetness mc so ||horny|| ! XD bUt sTILl  Hi Bel! I missed y'all so much > have you been doing okay?
yeah. I am doing a lot better than before. Thanks  > hello @Deleted User welcome!!!
Hi!!!! YESS YOU DID! THANKYOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!! HIIIII Same! EEEP I am excited  I can see y'all did a nice job I am glad y'all managed to continue spoilerland reeee  We can just change the name to v3 without changing anything else :PBSeeIToldYouSo: ooh I love these names what's that channel for again? I have not watched shar-tale so I hold my judgement on the name I have somewhat seen sharknado like 2 scenes Hi I forgot to ask How are y'all doing @spirits ayyy ayyy that's good to know! HIIII METTA!!!!! Did I miss your bday or is it next week? Since I remember you once said witness ends on your bday aww I missed it! Happy belated bday! Hope you had a great one ~~please tell me the admins allowed you to cause chaos here on your bday~~ Mara lol So, since the admins were strict. I, as the founder of Spoilerland, decree you get a bday role right this instant and ability to cause chaos as your late bday gift Nothing's sane when Priy's here I'm- And Happy bday Kio I didn't know it was your bday as well I'm sorry I decree Kio gets to cause chaos tomorrow since Metta gets to do it today You *were* the dictator of this server Its my time to shine now ITS TIME FOR PRIYARCHY if you ban me, I know the entire server will revolt right? lol React with :Dopeyhappy: if you support Priyarchy, react with :uwuhappy: if you support Maratatorship Its a server mutiny now yeah bel only one MAra that's not fair nuuuu :c  WHAT THE- MARA!!!!! put founder above admin so I can change your name You are tempting me to be admin again Atleast my name is the same so far Also, since bel supports maratatorship, he doesnt get to have chaos on his bday  this is an iconic welcome mara why can't I starboard this wait, did y'all turn off self-starring? fhnwieuhnfiwuer reeee y'all brutal Mara I'm- I am angry laughing rn because of you Mara evil admin yes ~~now come support Priyarchy~~ Priyarchy means people get to cause chaos on their bdays Maratatorship doesn't allow that b-b-bu-bu-but bday chaos fun  Why am I being singled out :Dopeysad: but its unfair to metta and kio and everyone else who didn't get to cause chaos :wut: isn't that what I was asking this whole time okay fine :Dopeysad: maybe? maybe not? I regret not asking to be admin again tho rip I mean, you *are* making the offer real tempting rn but https://giphy.com/gifs/forum-key-play-10KIsXhwdoerHW yeah they really don't :kek: founder role should have admin privileges just sayin /Priyudi is da queen pfft oh good idea Metta knows! wait if I want to be queen and metta is king dauosafhnhurfh Metta is king of another kingdom   kamilah is bae yassss I think about an hour ago > how's Spoilerland V2 compared to the OG?
@Rayvenrock too strict! The admins don't allow bday chaos  Its not too late I agree but bday chaos  How about make the non-nickname participants have a grey role that way, the colour will not reflect lol ikr Make me temp admin and I'll show you how its done :Duffyevil: HIIIII MILQUE!!!! How are you? Aww glad to hear that! I missed y'all Call the role Sane people or sth like that. And I don't really think it'll look tacky at all. Make the name funny to make it look interesting throwback to me kinda saying worryfrog is Mara's signature emote I think I stole some of Mara's emotes on my test server when I had nitro lol UmiYay is my fav > UmiYay is a global emote tho
IS IT??? HOW DO I NOW KNOW ABOUT IT nsrifneidn Wait, I joined the server but I still can't use it Hilda teach me Global emotes Global emotes :GWovoYayy: Yay I did it thanks Hilda! yess les do it fun I- that typo was cool ngl because f and g are adjacent so gun -> fun and then come me who texts in hinglish on phone my autocorrect corrections become even more hilarious Hindi + English Google ko pata hona chahiye ki us millennials need smarter autocorrects see? Firework understands it? But Mara ko hinglish samajh nahi aati oof do you think I can call anyone a slur? lol but this is fun I can basically say anything and Mara wouldn't know lololol. The OG one used to be Singapore based for some reason OH WOWOWOWOWOWOWO PRI IS BACK :uwuhappy: :uwuhappy: :uwuhappy: Welcome back @Deleted User ! > I am just enjoying the slow realization
@ :killme: :killme: I opened discord rn  I think wetness was an outlet for the writers in pb to unleash their sexual fantasies ngl :hmm: I feel that in every chapter till now there is more ||sex|| scenes than the actual story Hmm :smart: hewo! same ngl I know merci means thankyou lol oof haha. 3 because hindi is similar to urdu ahh I did learn French for some years but it was to pass the exams It sounds good I see Good morning! no grrrthtyh That was sneaky ngl too bad it didn't work 17% :OOF: I like how all the vampires are only in US and Europe In BB some are in japan too Oh yeah Japan too Imagine if Nikhil goes back to India and starts his own clan there! :hmm: :hmm: :MunchlaxMunch: That would be sick :kek: 1.4 billion vampires :kek: :kek: True :yeetedtothemax: Would he die if we don't take the diamond choice in the ball? Me too Yea! I can't imagine anyone not saving Nikhil  :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: Heya! Just being chaotic as usual. Hbu?  What are you making for breakfast? ooh! pancakes  I wake up hangry everyday Who doesn't wake up hungry :hmm: I wake up *Hangry* like legit hungry plus angry I wake up hangry on weekdays Why do you fast? :OOF: :OOF: :OOF: yeah. Staying empty stomach that long is def unhealthy :kek: \_()_/ I think pri is the imposter here who? me? Yes HMMMM Evidences and records highly talks about pri being the imposter AGAIN Your name :kek: huh did sth happen? :hmm: :hmm: :hmm: Priyarchy at its finest ahhh blankets are so cozy best part about winters ikr! ahhh I love coats. But I only have like 2. ooh that does sound fun I have only seen snow on snow park.  nope I don't know if there are ice-staking rinks near me The last time I wore rollerskates was when I was 6 years old  Yay! :GWovoYayy: I would love that :GWovoYayy:  I have never slept in sleeping bags ngl nope My life is so uneventful
Edit : My ***real life*** is so uneventful ooh nice fnrjgnirbgn Yeah my life is uneventful hate when that happens that looks so cool but I know its freaking expensive rip true that is why I am not buying choices merch if it were cheap, I would have pulled my parents' ears off to buy me stickers and mugs exactly I was looking for poster prices and apparently in India, I can get 5 poster larger in size for the price of 1 unsigned poster And I wouldn't even have to worry about customs exactly I get free shipping in India 15$? hah! knew it shipping is a pain and customs are finicky like my dad works in a place where he has to keep record of stuff imported and exported and he often tells us stories of how random customs can get that's nice you know the person is an avid collector if they have a freaking display cabinet for it aww I love plushies that's a lot of similar looking plushies imagine hugging them all night I never collected anything lol :GWovoYayy: ... that's some dedication its a pain to machine wash plushies in general speaking from my experience of washing a 4.5 feet teddy Also, I love the peacock cover for the box I have a peacock bedsheet that looks quite similar to this one lol discord should add a feature of making quoted message hyperlinks so that clicking them redirects to og message like whatsapp > I have often seen peacock prints in outfits. I steer clear of those :CharmanderHi: :MunchlaxMunch:
ahh same. They only look good in bedsheets Mara be flexing I love the poster way more than I want to. I am a sucker for pink stuff for some reason ooh nice :GWovoYayy: nice oof hehe its worth it yeah. one day *one day* Vanguard reminds me of AtV be positive B+ oof btw I got a new landline number that I can use w/o landline ~~And I still haven't showered since the ISP peeps left after installing the router and STB~~ my mom is gonna be furious if I don't shower so rip byeeee. C U  Spain and Italy are already experiencing a second wave Ye My paternal grandfather is less boomer than my dad ngl I am not always chaotic. (I think?) My grandpa posts on fb frequently meanwhile my dad doesn't touch his fb account I created for him aww. that's so cool. I always lived like 30-40 hours away from my grandparents so I wasn't ever like close to them. We met once a year for like 15-20 days during vacations. oop I can only imagine my grandpa sending religious stuff ngl his fb page is filled with it mhmm my grandpa is atleast *modern* enough to not talk about my marriage unlike my grandmother My parents are pretty adamant about not marrying me off too. Like they'll say they'll marry me if I don't study to scare me but would always say how they just want me to be independent in front of others yeah arE You plaNNIng a DEstiNAtIOn weDDIng? bruh I am planning B.Tech possibly Dual Degree mhmm I am the live alone type of person. Like I can't stand roommates lol ~~sounds like me~~ lol. that's good to know ughh my mom wants to plant some herbs but we keep moving frequently and every place has their own rules so we never end up buying any potted herbs My mom's maternal house has a backyard that used to have different plants and trees when I was a kid. They cleared everything up now tho. Said it was too much responsibility It was funn while it lasted but now even I have grown up enough to not play in the backyard lol I feel bad fr my brother and cousins tho > I am planning B.Tech
@Deleted User noice Living alone can be scary whAT abOUT GHosts :BooParty: Would love to meet a redfield irl  :ohgodohduck: Pretty sure pri won't be saying this when she meets redfield irl :uwuhappy: hehe. What if I did? :wut: And why didn't mc and the bodyguard escape the inn when there was a bomb in their room in wetness :hmm: :hmm: just gonna go to shower lol. ttyl! Squeaky clean Pri at your service! nice! ~~please catch up on my account too~~ I spent the key on the latest chap but haven't played it yet lol. It helps when I have ton of time, I can complete those opened chapters I think I have TRH 2, OH 2, DS, QB, BOLAS and some other books I don't remember rn opened up oof I haven't finished my first playthrough of BOLAS :killme: chaps are too long and I know what happens the fact that none of the books I mentioned above are re-plays THoBM I will be replaying it again soon maybe today after OH RoD :BooParty: wait, I also have to do the ILB WCP guess Imma do that first dayum Replay wetness 8-9 times and then I'll be impressed  fsnryfurbftb 8-9 times :partay: _without VIP_ Hehe :OOF: Last scene was retarded With the bomb They could have just run out of the inn me needs supah fan role too Instead of making it dramatic :kek: SOMEONE PLS REVIEW MY SUGGESTION IN #discord-suggestions-and-requests  :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: the emote one? Yea hmm... ~~I'm no staff so Imma stay out of it~~ oof It would be an ideal reaction for all the chaos pri causes :kek: :kek: :kek: Kidding:kek: 3rd highest actually hehe Always haz been *insert TRR 2 MC's cover photo* that thing needs to be an emote ngl could easily replace :Duffyevil: we don't have that many slots I thought robin was customizable robin depends on Sam's gender yeah Ye But cute nonetheless  3 freakin degrees??? :dead: :dead: :dead: :Dopeyhappy: Tfw you have to get up early in the morning during winters and you are cooped up in your blanket tfw you have school from 7:15am to 12:20pm during winters :OOF: lol :kek:  get ready noice #announcements My replay list - 
1. THoBM
2. ILB (WCP)
3. TCTF
4. ES WCP
5. LH
6. VOS
7. TS Horror Story Will start replaying next week in that order Worst choice playthrough I did ILITW WCP It was fun thanks! prolly might do a hana playthrough till TRR 3 idk Tho I still have to finish TRH 2 on main account DS is boring and Blades is too long I have DS ch 3 open on my main BOLAS ch 12 or 13 open yeah oof so close agreed oop mhmm I remember that one the Aerin kiss scene iirc gave less opportunity to get XP mhmm Atleast it handled lore better than AtV same ~~and I applaud 9k4 for analyzing ES~~ I will be using 9k4's guide for my ES WCP I wanna draw sth but I can't find the pen and cable for my tablet oof reee The PC makes my trashy art look good. So no pen and paper for me progress: I found the pen. Still can't find the cable Draw on paint bleh I draw on krita :hmm: Carter is the most underrated character in TNA Yep Bruh.. how do you get a body like this in high school :Dopeysurprised: never skip gym :OOF: _fails the exam_ Indeed :kek: I get it :kek: I would be gay for Noah Look at those abs :Dopeyhappy: What are the options? NB my computer screen rn. ~~pro hacker mode~~  _when you miss that semicolon in line no. 6969_ lmao. that was me the entire 12th grade making Eventzalender :kek: thankgod the compilers auto detected and told me where I missed them Did you use turbo c++? yeah unfortunately Same It's so old fashioned :kek: ~~tho I was able to create dank animation using C commands on Turbo C++ that wouldn't work on latest IDEs otherwise~~ Ooo I mean, it wasn't like *dank* dank but it was still miles better than what my peers did Noice might show my eventzalender someday when I'm in mood :Dopeyhappy: if I donate, will you pay those *un-paid volunteers*? and now the terminal is just staring at my face for some reason Inception 100 oop btw I found the cable So I can draw sth tonight :GWovoYayy: I'm still annoyed PB doesn't have plushies in their merch lineup tfw you choose tim cause you broke in terms of visual currency but then buy the tim sticker with real currency  :Dopeyhappy: DO IT JUST DO IT https://media.tenor.com/images/0fae8b8616ceebf560aebfae33cefdec/tenor.gif Why are channels like TNA and qb nsfw? Oo The reason it all started was because the books had *very* explicit sex scenes and when people talked about them, I didn't want minors to see. Tho I didn't make it role-locked like the #cursed-chat , I did mark it NSFW to make it clear that those types of convos may happen. And then PB introduced the 17+ marking so we started following that as a guide on whether to make a book channel NSFW or not Ok I give up on dethroning Mara today. I need sleep now. But tomorrow, I will surely dethrone her You are more likely to get sleepy if you are in a cold room Ahh I miss the greenery ngl I mean, I do have a park with a lake and it has lot of trees but its not like I can watch it from my balcony yeah In the heart of national capital I used to live in Goa before. ~~In the middle of a forest jfsrfurf~~ I miss living in the middle of nowhere lol I mean both have their pros and cons Like online deliveries are faster here. Also, public transport is a blessing The bus stop in Goa was 2 km away from my house and only had 5 buses a day it is really beautiful yeah the nearest beach was like 2km I mean it was 3km but we found a shortcut XD I lived there for 11 years It was so quiet and peaceful And the Priyudi family september illness didn't exist there My entire family falls sick every september lol ~~Goa is the las vegas of India~~ So Mara calls it the Priyudi Family September illness yass Goa is legit Las Vegas of India The casinos are dope there I have seen several from the outside It's full of Russians I've heard :hmm: not really. I mean Baga and Calangute is full of russians but other areas have a mix of Americans and Europeans ooh Oo I think its adult only in India too Idk, never been inside one rip _the bachelorette intensifies_ I have literally grown up on beaches and I know the struggle of getting sand in your pant seams I prefer mountains! oof I hate sand the clothes get all sticky due to the salt water its a gross feeling yeah But l like sand castles So it balances out I have made so many sand castles back in the day Oof oof. There is this one beach in goa which is mostly rocky and it sucks ngl oof tho it is worth it ~~I once got bit by a crab~~ OMG Its so cute and bling ikr lol. it wasn't anything special. I was going in water for a quick swim, and I didn't realize I stepped on a crab. I got this stingy feeling and it hurt with the salt. So I came out and the smallest toe (like the pinky toe, idk what you call it) was bleeding a little. I poured my entire water bottle to remove the salt and sat out while my family had fun in waters, I kept crying looking at that pinched area. Then I applied ointment once I reached home it was I was very careful with my steps after that incident yeah lol ikr its like - don't bother my business and I won't bother with yours lmao I didn't get to see the crab. It could have been sth else that bit me now that I think about it But it was most likely a crab ~~also the countless times seaweed scared the crap out of me by grazing my feet~~ lol. When you live near beaches for 11 years, you get more adventurous stories XD We used to go to beaches every weekend Like I wasn't afraid of seaweed per se. I used to afraid like WHAT IS THIS ON MY FEET and then see the seaweed and be like - oh! nvm Broken glass were common for a week after new year but otherwise I never saw many broken glass shards That reminds me of the new years in Goa. Oh my they were so good I mean, part of the beach experience is the sand so maybe mhmm yeah also, DOODH SAGAR IS A FRICKING BLESSING TO HAVE its a waterfall in goa which is like really beautiful I went there like 3 times it is so, whenever we used to go by train, the train passed through this place and if we count that, I have seen it numerous times from the window of my seat yeah and sometimes, the water drops would come inside the window yeah Goa is a gem ngl hehe. Its good that it came in the afternoon dayum I wanna see a frozen waterfall now sounds beautiful holy moly that's like something out of the movies oof Mara you will one day oop it looks like clouds ngl ikr I hate winters ngl. But they do have some positive things about them too whoa nice mhmm I am trying to find my photos on the beach or in doodh sagar but all I can see is my cringey selfies lol. They are just making me cringe rn I think people can. Tho I never hiked You have to take a train then a jeep to reach there. Then walk a little and you can swim on the base of the waterfall nahh. Only govt. approved jeeps can go I never did hiking ngl ooh canoeing sounds fun nice yeah ~~that's the reason I never bothered to look for hiking trails~~ dayum whoa beautiful > it looks like Pakistan has a lot of natural beauty
indeed dayum I have been to gulmarg It was freaking beautiful too The entire Kashmir (Indian + POK) and its adjacent areas are so beautiful Like you would think you are in heaven whoa We mostly just visit my grandparents in summer lol because reaching their homes takes 30+ hours of train nope My passport is a very funny story My dad was planning to take us all to Maldives this year but COVID cancelled plus now we won't have money to travel because college expenses no worries ye ~~I mean, I don't have a passport so vnfgnverfn~~ mhmm I wanna see snow too real snow not the ones in snow park aww frojvneigne sowwy So, my passport is a funny story because there was a camp in my dad's office to get passports made for people who worked there. My dad acted extra smart and applied for entire family. We had to produce all the documents in such a short notice but we did it anyway. So, my dad was unaware that 15+ kids can apply for adult passport if they want and applied for kid passport for me. So, my *kid* passport was issued on 21st jan 2019 and it expired on 9th March 2019 aka my 18th bday. Now my entire family but me has passport lol ikr why did I bother to collect all the documents smh Imagine coming back from school all tired and preparing to take a nap. Suddenly you get a call from your father to come to his office with all your documents within one hour (and it takes 40 mins to reach there) oh idk how renewing works here XD rip I am planning to get my license once college starts not really just a test if you pass that you get your license oop oof I- https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/651467428475305986.png?v=1 eww this looks bad yeah this sounds so funny out of context it looks like metta is having an existential crisis in that screenshot :MunchlaxMunch: lololol :ohgodohduck: what is this monstrosity same same Why are we spoiler tagging in the spoiler zone? :hmm: Indeed :kek: :kek: :kek: gn redfield has entered the chat I need to play ILB WCP need to continue that IL WCP I want to I am kinda sad we can't kill everyone ILITW was better in that regard THOBM is in my list NB, not so much Should i continue with rules of engagement or AME? Okie I am in the 2nd book But thanks for making it easier to decide ame duh I legit don't want to invite IRIS anymore. I'd rather make an IRIS 2.0 and bring that here which does so many things yess I will very soon cancel IRIS, bring IRIS 2.0 IRIS 2.0 will have commands to get info like book release dates and maybe book/character info from wiki oop well  we can have a server halloween yes drop all your ideas in #discord-suggestions-and-requests and I'll make sure it happens ~~unless the request is something we cannot fulfill~~ yeah we cannot fulfil that I got uhhh nothing time to slee gnight might not come tomorrow ~~so y'all can overtake me all you want~~ White Ian I assume No body Ian Hoo boy That's really sxary Barrie = demon baby confirm Ikr Indeed I barely post anything Feel free to check my Reddit btw, linked in my profile I can always use some karma XD Lol Yeah me too Ndkdemek Was it Bel who made it? Idr Gimme time to read it's so hard on mobi And yes mara implies the baby was dead And killed the lis Yeah The docs are really worth a read ngl Fics* Yeah I hate discord mobile Also, you can always kill Sofia and gang yknow Oraybe some people in qb Oh yeah And in the archives Ight I honestly can't because mobile discord sucks and I'll keep complaining about it Mara just uses her knowledge from law and psychology in her murderous fics Huh? I mean mara is quite mysterious do I wouldn't know Me too lol Aww that's nice Mara only inspired me for like 2 days but then I knew writing isn't my cup of tea Apply for mod then Oh yeah I remember inviting you and Metra just to see Mara's fics Spooky nights :MunchlaxMunch: Yess I mean not yet There's still some days until october Yeah I might be the only person excited for BD2 because I am a sadist I never watched any Halloween movies But I watched swac Halloween spexial And work of art is one of my fav demi songs I also helped mara with brainstorming Maybe if I complete tlu, she will start working on AOG Tlu = things left unsaid, my amalas X Olivia fic I left a while after you stopped working whatchu mean Sofia Poopy Barrie is dead Barrie I- Oh god Oop You bet I am  No olivia Never olovia Kill her over my dead body Olivia needs to be protected at all codts No You cant You wont You love me I know that No You love me enough to become Ng me back from dead Why don't you kill qthan huh? S Also no Don't kill olivia I will legit leave the sercer And never returm No matter how hard you try See, I feel like I gave mara my biggest weakness And now she is profiting from it I won't if mara stops using my weakness as a weapon Mara, no killing olivia Hana is dead whatchu mean Yes Ski lift Well kinda You read the thing It's purfecto Oop Barriers death was iconic ngl BARTIE Skdkddkdk I hate autocorrect Yeah Note to self : set auto correct off after purchasing mobile And have a larger phome Oh wait nvm. I just realized I can adjust the size of the keyboard Djsjsnsk Yeah so just turn off the auto correct I am scared mara isn't replying and that she is working on killing olivia Are you legit giving me sneak peek of my emotional trauma mara? No Olivia does not get killed Amalas does In my fic I- My fic was gonna be angsty with amalas dying without confessing her love to olivia It's because I didn't work on it :kekwhands: NO MARA NO I am gonna legit cry Do you want that?  Pwease I hate you I will ask Zak to finish working on his fic where he kills ethan And show it to you As part of my recenge Also ask him to kill raydan Raydan bothers you right I know it does Yess raydan gonna die Very brutal death Because Zak is more brutal than you Heheheheehe I just made a deal with the devil  Anywaysh I don't want nightmares so I'll read whatever mara has written to torture me tomorrow ~~if I even come online that is~~ Gnight :immashootyou: WHY DIDN'T I REMEMBER THIS EMOTE BEFORE I- Ok bye     No       Use Google trandlate You will know what I mean I AM on mobile So typing in hindi is easy    Hehe I- Replace all killings and hittings with your namw Dnsnsnsk Ikr Mara means to hit We need A translation bot Yes Definitely khayenge Kek No NO Don't do this to me Pwease I Beg you Don't play with my feelings Wrote sth I never want to happen Goodbye people You were a fun bunch What do you think? Then so be it Goodbye mara You were A Great friend until this point  Why would I leave due to canon stuff lmao Oh Oof :MunchlaxMunch: He is implied dead Not like legit dead He just goes mia Mayjaps Lol That is a bit too Ambitious don't you think? Yeah It all started With me posting an idea of Olivia x mc fic Lol that too :MunchlaxMunch: Hehe ikr I gave my Review to her recent work in DMs so... But I enjoy reading her stuff I mean amalas x Olivia is where its at Maybe I mean my oto is Olivia x mc But Olivia x amalas is good too Ikr Yeah she could have been an option to have a fling with Yeah exactly They need to Rewrite the fling and add Olivia ngl I AM unfortunately broke But I would pay whatever I could She is worthvit Ikr Missed opportunity pb Also olivia's relatuon with mc was more organic and natural imo Plus we all love badass fwmale lis Yeah But Olivia  Ok its 5:30 and I legit need to sleep rn Good mornit Lol night night Don't let the bed bugs bite I am finally free from exams so pretty good Ayyy thanks Yeah This was supposed to end on 27th may Yeah But now I'm having car sickness goddammit Hmm... I am busy looking on discoed lol Almost at home now Lol Imma brb. Gonna get out of car and take a bath Mhmm :CharmanderHi:  also, can I just say that the latios looks so cute and yeah he a leggie in hoenn ...I never played anything that had mega evolutions  only played till black 2/white 2 One day when my laptop/PC would be able to handle citra yass mhmm Yea that's true :OOF: @itsmeansh did you see yesterday's run chase? 5 sixes in an over   Istg I wasn't even seeing the match I saw it trending on twitter And then I proceeded to see the remaining match Best run chase in the history of IPL That's an understatement Yeah Sharjah field is small Imagine Russell :kek: :kek: Gayle passed his cheat codes to Russell :kek: > Idk why Punjab aren't playing him?
@itsmeansh he retired no? :hmm: I see I see Ye I wanted tewatia  to hit another 6 in that over And wanted the bowler to ball a no ball :kek: > That was a slower ball, would have been hard.
True Would have broken yuvraj's record :ohgodohduck: Yeah Perhaps so Kkrs next match is with them :ohgodohduck: :ohgodohduck: :ohgodohduck: :ohgodohduck: Kkr :kek: Wbu > Was it because of a favourite player, or where you are from?
Both tbh Noice Kkr always looses with mi :Dopeysad: In the last 11 matches played between both teams kkr won just 1! cAN yOU iMAginE? Before it was gambhir Now Russel And narine Something happens to kkr when it faces mi :kek: Even experienced batsmen like Eoin morgan couldn't do shit Pat Cummins gave 49 runs in 3 overs! But against srh he gave 19 runs and took 1 wicket In 4 overs Weird shit Around 15.6 crore inr Most expensive player in this IPL I think :ohgodohduck: :ohgodohduck: :ohgodohduck: But it's fine sharukh khan is rich :kek: :kek: True :hmm: This ipl underdogs are playing extremely well CSK is also struggling:ohgodohduck: :kek: Today is mi against rcb Yep Is qb coming to an end? most likely :OOF: this week will have the book 1 finale no idea I see `Anisa Butt` WHY IS THIS MAKING ME LAUGH SO HARD?!!! yeah the butt thing is making me laugh which is like bad because I shouldn't laugh on names but I can't help it I know Butter Covid negative  :Dopeyhappy:  I asked my dad how chaotic I am he said that I am not chaotic at all because I am too lazy to even cause chaos lol. ~~pretty sure he'd take his words back if he knew half the things I did in this server~~ isn't that the TRR bg? :Dopeyhappy: ooh nice have fun! iirc, it was on top of reddit for a while welp they must have deleted it did you realize they didn't talk about witness ending even tho it was same week as TNA tru atleast its in the very bottom of the channel lists and you can hide it it took 2 months for bolas qna to come expect similar for tna Why was jaylen invited and not cadence in qb :JoJoThink:  :animeglasses: :zoeywink: :bartiemad: :niapanic: Aiko is piper with long hair Why is Benji such a creep   because that's what PB wanted  :Dopeysurprised: The steamy scene with Veronica was so  :kek: TC n TF Yep And it will take a long time to complete also Unless you're vip LH was pretty boring for me :hmm: Das cool The catfight in qb was hilarious :kek: Anyone hit poopy with the trophy?? Mah manh  Somehow i feel Benji is the hacker :hmm: :hmm: :hmm: This Benji character is a villianous type in most of pb's books I don't get PB's logic, you hook up with poopy and you smash her face with a trophy on the same night :hmm: :niapanic: :niapanic: :niapanic: :ohgodohduck: :hmm: Sounds pretty illogical if you ask me :hmm: I see Let's see I wouldn't mind coz she's  Otherwise she's bitchy But I would still prefer ina Yep :dogeheart: :kek: :kek: Benji :kek: :kek: Alright! time to sleep! ~~and that means turning off IRIS~~ see ya tomorrow! Wow! It was so fun to see Mara's chaotic side XD I loved RPing today, y'all are so funny omg oop its certainly paying off lol, I can def see that Headcannon : Maralina Sakura is an incompetent bodyguard because she thought she could be a good bodyguard but in reality she is only good in gaming especially being a fighter/bodygueard in games. She chose to be the bodyguard in cordonia because her lover (Raydan) lives in Cordonia and she simps for him. I tried to include all 3 of the characters - Mara, Lina and Sakura  :kek: Bruh.. even the bot has nitro:Dopeysad: I wonder... hmm... didn't work :hmm: :hmm: :hmm: :hmm: No, I have that emote in my testing server but yeah I need nitro oof :ohgodohduck: whenever I hear cool for the summer now, it reminds me of Path to fame that doesn't work anymore on my dad's phone for some reason Dude I only played till book 1 ch 20 and I am salty the app doesn't run anymore not sure, like I played it last month and it worked fine so it shouldn't be the reason ~~I was playing modded tho~~ the game is paywalled af idk lol. I got one from andropalace I think?? it worked for everything except closet and keys kinda like old choices mod Episode mods are a scam :Dopeysad: None of them work :Dopeyangry: I dunno some YouTubers get it bruh even skyscraper is reminding me of PTF :Dopeysad: she TW://||ODed|| in 2018 yeah, I don't think that's the reason. Wouldn't make sense love this legend rising tide is non vip right? thx and congrats I hate my very existence soemone fro tcatf dayum congrats what was I even thinking smh lol FRICKING FINALLY I forgot Diavolos but then I remembered enemies to lovers trope me : forgets syphax. Remembers by remembering the CG and remembering how I went eww at the bathroom CG because that was uncalled for. I kept typing gryson garyson etc. for grant I couldn't spell annelyse Also I forgot Kamilah for like 3 seconds and caleb ngl I got more than half of them right because I talk a lot on discord time to play the updated one I need 2 more 1 more yeah not a perfect score I did forget ethan and drake for like 2 seconds each tho and forgot Samson I knew it was sth with s and I remembered his face and his bitchy wife sora and the doggo I also spent the last 4 minutes cursing the quiz for not accepting Nathan as the SK LI but then I remembered it was Nate :Facepalm: I was like STALKER NATHAN dayum that's quick No First names work This happened with me too except it was the Easter egg tee in HSS https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/688350010005651489/768971456699695104/Screenshot_2020-10-23-04-27-54-67.jpg This is one of the snapshots at play store And it's so misleading Because MC never went dark in bolas That was BB and even there it was short lived Oh yeah I remember that They also somewhat spoiled tyrils cg in an ig ad Also the textbox looks like it's from hero and es Also the fire trail is somewhat bothering in this but it looked normal in game cropped out Yeah and it's bothering me sm because it reminds me of no hero 2 Y'know what? I'll come back here no matter the consequences the moment they announce mw2 or hero2 or hell even IL3 It's not over until it's over :PBSeeIToldYouSo: And I am still hoping  We should have done this in #choices-prayer-circle tho I relate with this guy so much! Does anyone want to play among us with me and my brothers? @unforgivablespelling wanna play? Yess Europe BAWVQQ Yeah same Voltra can you host the game this time? Change all the settings Reduce vote time @unforgivablespelling I am the ultimate betrayer XD Are you on desktop milque? Oof. You can't change much settings Keep it private for now Make it public once we all join 60 maki it public Same. Gg everyone I'll try Xd you forgot the bloodwraith! is it just me or has choices become really boring now  :Dopeysad: :cooldown: i would have been up for it but i wont be able to be regular coz college will be starting soon so count me out :Dopeysad: Welp bb2 is here! :bartiemad: Top 10 questions Science can't answer :hmm: :OOF: Happy Birthday! I miss the old books of pb too :Dopeysad: Indeed nah keep playing it gets better further ye i dont remember the chapter but imo once you collect everyone for the adventure it starts picking up ye  :ohgodohduck: :kek: :kek: :kek: I miss PM :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: Blonde Hayden  The female one  @ you 1. bb mc
2. kamilah, damien
3. rheya
4. idk They'll never come But I want rod 2 to come :Dopeysad: I refuse to loose hope :Dopeysad: :hmm: :marafrogemoji: :kek: Try 6969 https://www.instagram.com/p/CJHXvheFAzS/?igshid=1c6derll88y1m Pls tell me this is the end of the series  Though I wanna see the heir all grown up :hmm: damnn the fact that hana says theres more to come in the pic which pb posted makes me think theres another book on the way just a thought though Yep yep yep :hmm: Has mtfl gone on hiatus? I didn't play for a long time :kek: Gg then Lawyer book Yay yay Omg we neee aherw oo damn welcome bak! Poppy is the villiannn We cant romance the villian Poppy is overrated I gottta keep my enemies closer after all tho TRH3 was mediocre Oh 2 was fun If you romance brace *Bryce I only played for medical drama BioChemistry ooh Medical school oooh I dont know what I wanna be when I grow up Can we become the president in a book Choices kind of dumbed down the violence Theres no more gore anymore Or like the it lives in the woods and veil book scenes even tc&tf? :/ i seee is WEH worth playing? asking coz its related to high school again ah im modded so i dont mind about diamonds just wanted to know how it is coz ive played so many high school related books ah thats something new i seeee hmm i have still stuck to choices because idk any modded versions for the others Hacks dont work for me ): I play on IPad Do you packet sniff :HOLUP: :HOLUP: :HOLUP: :HOLUP: :HOLUP: Part 1:kek: Trr is prolly the longest series now hmm trr and tf will have the same number of books now if you dont count the side series Hmm oof How do the people know info I wonder Whos Mendoza Idk Mendoza I need help finding out something Is anyone here good with chemistry Is that what they are? They smell like barbacideand cleaning mix ): Let me show u https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/797277456129064960/814164010260758637/orBXYYs.jpg What is this It smells terrible Like a cleaning product It gives me a headache Hmmmmmm Its weird Everyone hates shark doo doo :HOLUP: Ye it's so good can anyone suggest a good book which is standalone and is fun to read? iirc i have read rod and nb ah vos is new for me yea i played that guess ill go with vos :CharmanderHi: kewl daaam i didnt know about this :HOLUP: Daam no book 2 for FA?? :bartiemad: bruuuhhhhh I had a gut feeling that Winston was sus :judgeyfroge: All I can see is that they are MCs :judgeyfroge: Breh.. Idk then Oh dam Nice classification! Dom was adopted? i see Oh gawd Should I start with elementalists or endless summer? Cool Coz I think both are pretty long  I feel like replaying bolas and ds :hmm: But.. but keys :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: Nah parents won't allow that :dead: Imagine mtfl without VIP :HOLUP: 5 hrs wait for playing for like 10 min Which genius proposed this idea even :Facepalm: 2hrs 30 for 1 key no? They were? Daam :dead: When I get a job and earn money, I shall buy VIP But that will take minimum 8-9 yrs And choices might be ded by then the freshman :bestinshow: https://www.instagram.com/p/CPTzSynFbSo/?utm_medium=copy_link This looks so good sounds like the one played in ILB :OMEGALUL: https://www.instagram.com/p/CQ2h4QxF0WA/?utm_medium=copy_link ||they finally have Maxwell on the cover!|| whats mlf? oh i shared because i saw some accounts share it in their stories i see What do you think of "now or never" track mhm its like the calm before the storm Royale finale is here :bro: isnt that the twins aunt from class act also? mhm she is beautiful niiiiiiiiice maxwell doesnt look like maxwell :KEKWhands: https://youtu.be/Ku4UkNhshqo it does indeed give a peaceful vibe :trollstare: They are cringe am i supposed to be alive now that i am scared.. ? :thinkW: :JoJoThink: maybe you got scared like and redfield kicked you out :hmmm: that smirk looks creepy ngl thats a pixel berry :smirkster: https://youtu.be/AxVGeSpKziA he got stung by a bee i read it as bitch in first glance :p Just tell them to give administrator perms no :kek: theyll prolly do a sneak peak of the chapter or sumtin or idk :pepelaugh: do you think they will make poppy pull off a becca ? https://youtu.be/t0cWck3Iiq8 this gives good vibez i just realised wolf bride became non vip its that bad? hmm :uwuhappy: Why is only the first chapter non vip :// I got scammed so hard  fffff