Old memories :Dopeyhappy: Oof I missed it all :ohgodohduck: Happy Birthday  :Dopeyhappy: :ohgodohduck: :smart: :ohgodohduck: Merry Christmas  Bye bye sweet potato (actually bye to all the deserts, I don't like deserts that much). Oof yeah I lost my progress too :Dopeysad: Congrats :BooParty: Happy new year :BooParty: :hmm: :ohgodohduck: Hey pri you back. Wow :Dopeyhappy: When the tear is big than the eyes. Happy birthday!!! :kek: Lmfao  It's on 5 it will run for another 10 minutes :wut: But wait you guys upload birthday videos on yt wow. We don't even bother to do that on whatsapp. (I don't even know most of teachers birthday) Is your device still on 2 :ohgodohduck: We never did that for any teacher. We just wish them on class and call it a day. Oh yeah we get to know their birthdays in morning assembly's :kek: The only saint I would love to go with :takemymoney: And our comments were use to like. Sir se party lenge (we will take party from sir) instead of giving him something lol. Lmfao you got some funny batch. My batch is full of guys who are nerds and don't want to get into teacher's bad side. They compromise actual school life for that. Oh yeah we did pissed of our class teacher during starting online classes. That time we were new to this concept of online classes. So someone use to blast songs, someone just use to show his face and later use to tell oh shit my camera was on :kek: And then teacher just ended class :dogekek: You are in college? Our farewell cancelled :ohgodohduck: Online farewell I heard everywhere:kek: How they do this. Like do they ask someone to open mic and sing. Then another one to open camera and show dance I got admission late basically otherwise I would have been in 1st year :Dopeysad: You know we decided it's our last year. We will gona rock, enjoy and all. Who knew that corona is going to show up And there goes our last year too Traitors lmao they definitely wouldn't have liked that to be called upon :kek: If only if I know how to swim Depends who is in front of me in the lake :ohgodohduck: My classmates are too lazy to insert surname too rest aside pfp I am worried about my Alexa now :ohgodohduck: Oh wait I should try saying alpha instead of Alexa. let's see if she responds with aplha. No she didn't responded to alpha :bartiemad: :kek: :niapanic: :Dopeysad: Happy birthday!! Bloodbound and TC and TF still my fav. Many problems one solution... Apple's. :dogekek: :kek: :garbryce: :niapanic: