wolf bride literally sounds like something I would have read on Wattpad when I was 13 I don't think it helps not spend, but I think it does assist you on how to prioritize when and on what you spend? I name them after me even if they don't look like me... just helps me with the storytelling. I have a unique name so I just laugh at the thought of the characters trying to say my name and failing. You're wayyyy to creative! I tried once to do all original names for RoE and I ended up confusing myself on who is who lol. I did Y names though. Yardley (Alex), Yvonne (Katie), Yohanna (Jess), Yolanda (Nicole) I do remember for like a handful of chapters I named the LIs Brad, Chad, and Thad 😂 that's a good one!! It's working now! > Transitioned into house renovating
@unforgivablespelling  this sounds like a Lily’s Garden. They’re so wild. I once got one where she found out she was pregnant, told her husband the good news and he speeds off in a moped. Next scene she’s at the ultrasound and calling him and he’s having an affair. LOL. The final scene ad is her destroying the house they created together and starting to renovate it 😂 Yeah! There's like 3 variations I've seen... if he's white it's a cheating ass, sad ad. If it's a male POC, they're faithful and happy lmao. Code not working for me? @baratiess Lol makes sense. I always forget we can switch that. Oops yeah. I got disconnected. I’ll join back in when it allows me. Not sure which book they're talking about but I noticed it applies for the final of OH2 (we got to hangout with three of the roommates for free) and MM (nearly always two diamond scenes, max and one is always an outfit). RT as well. I think they're trying to fill it up like before having 2 book every other day? If the newly announced books take the Monday slot, wouldn't that be 2 Mondays, 1 Wednesday, and then 2 Friday's? TRH is close to ending right? It'll take that place I do like starting and ending my weekday with a book, so I agree it's annoying to not have Monday books. I think they're trying to schedule it in a way that'll keep players Also, I think someone had mentioned on Reddit that Monday was a cursed slot so the theory was that they didn't want to put BaBu there in hopes it wouldn't fail lol Was it.... ?!? LMAO let's start the week with some unnecessary angst and ||porn|| I love it PB. Keep it going. To be a fly on the wall of the creation of that book. I just want to see where it all went wrong > Also Arzaylea please spoilertag
@unforgivablespelling Sorry, fixed it. I've always wondered if PB sees the names we choose and store it in database for whenever they want to get creative. Like, is my name floating somewhere in the server Is the MC in Wolf Bride going to be *me* I would like 100% cry if PB used my name. there's no going back, everyone who knows me will know that it was not a coincidence lol Not really, but I'll be embarrassed that the entire choices fandom suddenly knows my name :ohgodohduck: > My dad’s name has been used for a character before
Is it a unique name?? Damn, Metta lucky. As far as series goes, that's a good one Imagine your name was used in Witness. Oof. Bad hit. But let's talk about the choices players named Ian or Bea.... they're winning the name lottery lol @( ˶ᵔ༝ᵔ˶) milquetoast ♡ I relate to this 100% but in real life. that's my grandma's name. It made me smile when I read it #exposed Who shares a name with ||badass|| Jocelyn? He's a hottie so not a bad one. How bad is it? If we need a sacrifice I'll be the one Yikes. Couldn't they even pretend with a Nolivia Oevrakis or something Olivia's natural lip color is stunning LOL Ruscovia sounds like an interesting blend of Cordonia and Russia. I am intrigued I can't wait to meet Paxwell or Blake! Damn episodes has kinda stepped it up since I last played.. why is your ex in your home Here's to all the Brody's who made someone reconsider their sexuality Wait, I am so confused. You're into girls but you're in an arranged marriage to Leo? That's where I got confused. You started replaying it. I was like where did half the characters go lol Can I say whatever banana powder Olivia is using it's working for her. Go off contour queen. Sounds familiar.... Woo! You’re up to date! Description: Bk6 Ch15.
Me: Bk1, Ch9 :niapanic: It's orville redenbacher for me Capitalism is finger-lickin' good go get it, spoil yourself clog those arteries popeyes a death sentence if you eat those biscuits without a drink I want to drive to the west coast just to try In-N-Out. I just want to see for myself if they're worth the hype. I have every fast food restaurant within a 10 mile radius from me. It's both a gift and a curse. Good luck with finals! I got an end of semester project is should be working on and I’m heavily procrastinating So.. reddit is removing chats from the communities. Interesting turn of events. Why is it interesting or why are they doing it? Apparently the mods are having a hard time doing their jobs and it's become very stressful. A lot of people, under the comments, feel that it's the best move. But they are moving the community chat and the people in them into basically a huge group dm with the mods being the host. Is it just me or does that sound like the same problem, different place. Its *indescribable* What’s the problem? Oh, it might be a software incompatibility. Have you tried downloading files from different websites Do you get the same error code for each? why does anyone ever blame "The Other Woman" instead of their partner Yay! "OH2 is being re-written" :kek: Cassian smiling through the pain: I'm used to it. Same I support jingle bels :smart: Wait who didn’t get the joke 😭 Bluestacks? Did you update to Big Sur because if you did, they haven't found a way to bypass these new safeguards. You'll have to re-install back to a later version if you want to continue using it It happened to me too yeah, new update is incompatible. sorry I have no idea so flip a coin lmao luckily you were not far into the game or I would feel terrible what did the coin say? 👀 Cassian definitely fits in PM. He's too perfect. Must be manufactured lol Justin from STD and MC from Witness deserve each other also... if anyone wants to report me in the other server and sacrifice me to the interrogation room, I'll do it. I can report back all the juicy details haha aw man, okay. I promise. I don't want to disappoint OMG nope. no. I promise I will not make any burner accounts. too much time and effort. they're not worth it. :marafrogemoji: Going back to the game... I think that Raleigh would've been a great Noah I would love to see it. Imagine BB MC with Jack as their LI. that would be a boxing match for the ages Witness MC vs Principal Jennings Sienna: quick, distract Ramsey!
Max: *breakdancing in the waiting room* Give us 10% of their funding and we would create ✨ magic✨ DO IT!! Kio, i love you, but your smart talk is losing me 🤣 I was romancing Fabien but every time Sonia appeared and talked her sexy stuff I would 👀 Landry! Landry needs to learn the phrase *snitches get stitches* the hard way I'm mad I couldn't send a line-drive to his face Bryce: heads up!
also Bryce: I guess he really used his head. oh tell me more LMAO throw that ass in a circle, MC! Def ES. Oh you want fake answers only? Witness MC saying thank you for breakfast to Cassian for free a ||hoe|| don't get cold me at Forever 21. Always. didn't she wear a full slit leather pants for a fight? I kept thinking... wedgies Me. idk what you're gonna say but me. my friend gave me hers and let me tell you... amazing. it does go with everything from chic to punk in an instant fancy me too I want to visit so bad my friend lives in San Leandro and one of these days I am going to surprise her and then force her to take me everywhere lol ummm name? I am def telling her about this mwuah! thank you nope but sounds interesting lol. I love places with funky names its me. clam chowda fan. can someone tell me what an impossible burger consists of that is actually really cool I'm not a vegetarian but sounds like something I'd like omg not the In-n-Out talk again i really want to try it I'll film my reaction for all of you I feel so left out right now I'm packing my bags lmao the minute Ava and MC grow stronger PB hits that reset button was it that person who came in to say they were done with choices? I think they said they never finished it but that maybe one day they'll release what they planned I feel like it might be. If you added them as a friend, they said they are happy to accept people and continue talking. if you're that curious Yup, you're right Voltra. they did say that. LMAO yes that one person who was like "oh, weird for them to say that when they haven't been around" and I just laughed so loud because same, but also not same, cause they've been there longer than the two of us combined prob ugh, remember playing ES and thinking "this is it, peak of Choices" but then realizing it really was the peak I looked at male MC and think, yup, you totally are an alien I miss the panic of choosing between which two people I rather upset bring it back the CG in the first book when you go into the little spaceship thing with the beautiful glowing orbs?! to die for! and everything about the handfasting!! I truly feel that if PB takes on apprentices and interns, even just for the skills and education, they could go back to being amazing. for people who claim they don't have a lot of hands, their requirements for hiring is extensive as heck yeah, I was like wth? just hire some kids from college who want to learn and are eager to please! they know what we want! plus, it won't hurt having fresh eyes didn't you know Andie- we all picked up our rubber nose and face paint at the server door who is more powerful? Hero MC or ES MC the battle of the most alienest alien look at that, top 3 strongest all are customizable cough cough, PB I twerk to this the beat drops man I just have a twerking problem lmao catch me twerking at Landry's funeral thanks to Metta Oh god, its officially the 1st here. I'm not ready any idea of what time? I love karaoke LOL y'all def not gonna be on tune at that time *laughs in up at 4am* insomnia too its hard to fall asleep but very easy to wake up it has its perks. like my friend is a new mom and she's excited she can reach me at all hours of the day so she doesn't feel alone moving the chat here since I don't want to clog the channel with mindless chatter but do we know why writers left the team? I heard some went to other companies but that is really it I'm assuming they're contracted then they up and left after the book finished wouldn't that be counter-productive if they're the writers? unless they mean other team members? I could believe that... that they wanted to take it in a diff direction and they bailed cause they didn't agree I know nothing about their companies so I can't say what is good or bad about them but if the changes started midst of the change well.... facts are facts I hope 2021 is better for them and us I'll spam their emails until they hire each and everyone of you y'all make me want to take coding classes maybe I'll make it my hobby and teach you what I learn John 👀 it worked for Penelope, didn't it I can help with the totally legit medical stuff LOL. I'd love to fun fact, we aren't all surgeons the problem started with calling them doctors and giving them specializations but never placing them in the right unit lol they do it on tv shows too. you won't believe how many surgical residents on The Good Doctor is seen doing MRIs or ultrasounds.... when that is not their specialization that's a whole other team dedicated to that and they're not even doctors! you'd be surprised how many people you think are doctors and they're just techs I'm assuming PAMF is a non-profit? usually F stands for foundation if we are speaking about hospitals still I can tell you what I learned the differences to be but I’m sure you’ll find places that don’t operate exactly like that Hard to weigh in when I am not familiar with them Does sound like an outpatient ME Toss in Phil of the Future and that was my entire lineup but then I would switch to Nick at Nite after 6pm to watch Drake & Josh, Ned’s Declassified, and then Zoey 101 and boom. Bedtime I liked Come & Get it. I used to get ready to that song Pumped me up I do!! All That 90s babies FTW omg Cartoon Network was lit I miss Foster’s Home, 6Teen, Total Drama, Totally Spies Dexter’s and Powerpuff Girls I honestly forgot that one Just remember a whole lot of futurama and the one with the food that talks lmao Tag yourself, I’m Sam. Sugar daddy 👀 best humorous content would be Love Hacks and TRR lmao Cole and Max would be the best duo ever Horatio, Mark and Drake LMAO but in battle of the wits king Sometimes I wish I was more into Pokémon so I can understand Sounds fun Are you playing individually and versing like that or are you all playing in the same game? now I want sweets enjoy them! I want to make snickerdoodle cookies since I haven't in years and I have a craving but I'm lazy but you're motivating me I took a choices MC quiz and got Queen B MC Look out friends, there’s a new Regina George I can take on Poppy AND MC with my eyes closed lol The T will update you in the near future xx Metta stunting on us No surprise there... Queen is literally your name :dogeheart: Here we go! https://quiz.tryinteract.com/#/5c93eca25e6c6c0014f531a0 Hehe That was the quickest trigger of bot I’ve ever seen lol Drew I made it to question 6 on pure guesses before losing. Proud of me? Sorry! I’m on mobile so I guess I didn’t scroll far enough. I assume Drew cause of earlier discussions I didn’t even know that was a thing. I’m so sorry to everyone I’ve bothered cause of that 😭 Thanks I noticed it right after you said it. So much for attention to detail lol Don’t scold me 😦 I’m baby I’m assuming in the annoying little cousin the way I’ve been attacked Call me Violet now I bet Metta is a silver fox boom, roasted Metta!! Come in here and defend yourself LOL Guys, Metta won’t see any of this until tomorrow It’s past his bedtime Badum tss You should make it full time :dogewink: get that coin sis ‘97 baby I use Swagbucks to pay for VIP. Try it out! You do surveys for money and then redeem gift cards I am a 90s baby Metta Be kind to me We are both in this together I occasionally still pop on Donkey Kong 64 just for the nostalgia I haven’t had a problem with them! Made $80 already But don’t use it if you don’t feel okay about it if we overthrow PB, could we become famous? Content creators BLASPHEMY Wait if you go under the listed it still says book 1 tho are you being funny? lol also my new badges are still stuck. its driving me crazy LMAO I meant the blue eyes part Drew sksjhjfbhfsa Just so my friend Drew feels better, I have green eyes and my niece has blue eyes. Just to flex our diverse eye colors 🤣 These are choices when you enter the app I just really want a Jurassic World inspired book I think it would be so much fun It’s amusing to know they’re trying to get the smut audience and appeal to them but if I’m being honest, the quality in their steamiest books is tamed not sure how it’s working for them cause there are much raunchier apps I'm watching the Among Us tournament and its crazy how some of these people aren't good I wish I could become a streamer and make half of what they make Yeah on Twitch they do tourney with streamers where they play 4 games in each map and they get scored of what they do its interesting watching them play and stuff, but I feel like I can hold my own on some I do have a twitch account but I never tried streaming. I’d need a whole setup Imagine that.. nurse by day and streamer by night Wait you stream?? Or just know about all that stuff? Damn, I wish I could join. My damn assignments are not giving me a break. Omg adorable. I love playing. I’d happily join when we’re both free I'm sorry to hear that she's been laid off. I hope things are going well and not affecting anyone hard. awww, that's the worst. what games did you play?? Hi! I think my battery last for maybe 5-7 hours on a good day but depends if I have bluestacks open cause that drains my battery hard. I always try to remember to force quit it so it would stop draining it. Does it charge fast? or is that also depleted? I can charge mine for 20 minutes and it goes back up to 60% around that time. Half an hour tops and it's fully charged. If yours is not charging fast there could be a problem with the battery on top of all the apps draining it Okay, not to spam the channel with more off-topic stuff but I need to know what sports team does the Cali squad support oof Oh, I know all that. I'm a fan I'm gonna be the basic east girl, but I support all the teams of my area but I like watching all of them. the only sport I don't watch is soccer. its just not interesting to me, but when it comes to FIFA I pay a little more attention yes you're the cheerleader baby same with men who act in plays. people assume they're closeted but all performances were male what in the world is powderpuff sounds like male version of powerpuff girls lol the way I snorted me me according to my peers in high school: total jock but dresses like a prep. my high school football team sucked after my freshman year and it destroyed my Wattpad inspired expectation of being the best team in state life can be cruel I would've launched a football at their head and that's on karma his peak was winning the sperm race LOL College is the best college is just a big building where everyone is just vibing this makes me feel so bad. I feel like I am in the minority that had a great high school experience and it sucks to hear about others hating it or the people there not exclusive to here, but other places people say similar which sucks. if you could choose one, go for college to be the better experience, but people should be chillin everywhere if I could make it happen if I told you guys what stuff we had in my middle school, you'd think I went to school in hollywood its so funny looking back on it my school had fights, people bringing weapons, leaked nudes, pregnancies, marriages, and whatever else you read about on wattpad OMG YES. WE HAD ONE TOO. It was called *insert city name here* exposed lololol ours was on FB. Twitter was not the rage at my time I used to read tweets of those pages. they were hilarious damn, back in like 2016-2017 there was one app that was filtered by schools so it was more secured but I forgot the name Metta, we had one of those too. Top of the class, Ivy League bound, came from rich family... ||he's now a meth user that has been convicted 3 times for drug possessions, intent to distribute, and warrant for other arrest.|| perfectionist parents is how It was. I always liked that pause where you're sitting by side and just see each other at what is possibly their lowest point and just giving them a nod like "it be like that" type of agreement. had you asked me 10 years ago what 23 year old me would be doing, I would've said raising her family. I learned that life was a joke when I realized that if you worked, you did not get to save your money lol. I didn't sign up for this. ah yes, Harvard. every kids dream school I wanted to be an attorney and then I realized that defending monsters was the bigger payoff and I said screw that omg I would visit the heck out of that bakery make me fat not Drew throwing shade with the reaction he first chose LOL I always said if I could have a job that I didn't need to rely on for money I would do interior designing. I like making houses pretty what would it be, if you did? like inspiration from what food I'm not familiar with those desserts but I like sweets in general so I'd try them all if offered near me imagine going into that ice cream shop and never being able to buy cookies and cream cause they're always out lmao you can't attack the shop owner!! what a dilemma Damn that easy? What are other perks of being in this server I’m gonna cash in Metta wishes we were that forgettable We living in each other’s mind rent free Don’t bring that negativity here what are your preferences with wine? do you like it on the bitter oaky side or more of a soft, fruity end? More champagne-ish? check out Vasse Felix Cabernet Sauvignon, La Mascota Malbec , and Chateau Palene Bordeaux Rouge. I made sure to offer different price ranges. I think all of them pair well with meats, but all range on different tones that could make or break depending on preferences my friend also said stella rose but I've personally haven't had it so can't share much a replacement or upgrade? I remember you asked about macbook battery life because you use it for work but Dell is HP I second that theory. Macbook is great and all but when you force it to do more than 4 things at a time, it can get funky hopefully the laptop comes back without any problems so the wait is worth it I've had mine for whenever the pro with touch ID is first release and she's going strong. It makes life easier that all my files on my phone and laptop syncs 😮 yay!!! I like it, flipping through apps and pages is so much easier. also helps me do commands when I'm working on documents/spreadsheets easy Me in RoD: *zooming through the streets with Burger King fries on my lap* hell yeah there’s something about prioritizing meals before a big adventure that screams powerful to me I was going to say unless I pick you up and we get in n out before driving to this side... we won’t be able to Toyota family! I have to trade in mine and get money for a new one after I sell the one which is falling apart lol dopey, grumpy, doc, bashful, sneezy, sleepy and happy I feel like I may have gotten one wrong perks of VIP I love it Hi!! I submitted my last assignment. Now I get to be off for 3 weeks. I don’t know what to do with myself lol Oof, I know that pain!! Hopefully you did amazing. You did your best 💪 Mmm I love the ones from Dairy Queen. It’s one of the best. Chicken strips basket! That’s my go to.  Decent milkshakes too A regular one or with the soda? Aka blackout Blizzards with the choco bits and caramel drizzle is the hype for my friends it’s promotional I think, haven’t seen one announced in forever, but it’s basically vanilla milkshake with coke. I find it gross but my family love it my resting b face is free and effective only during tax season Among Us has been released on the Nintendo Switch. This is groundbreaking lmao not me wanting to buy myself a switch now It’s only for $5 They know what they’re doing 👀 I just went onto the store and saw they added the holy trinity of Mario games- 64, Sunshine, and Galaxy 😮 Lmaoo I remember the rumors about it but they released it!! Damn. Those were my fave games. I’ve had severe nostalgia ever since the cousins I let have my old stuff threw it away Oh man what did they do?? Oh damn. I haven’t heard of that happening but I remember there was drama with them through Twitter. That’s rough. Kinda see where they’re coming from but the second incident is very petty People really just wake up and choose violence What is it? Oh, I didn’t know that. Cool. I thought they meant the hexagon thing for the heads but then they said covers and I got confused as heck @DaHomieDrew I would like to think PB is smart enough to know the stability of the app would face problems with high-volume books since they decided on trying a daily release book. but maybe I am just looking through rose-colored glasses I think they make a lot of dumb mistakes but none of them feel like rookie mistakes, more just ignorant ones that's just being stubborn imo You mean you don’t just bury yourself into your SO’s skin? now that’s a level of intimacy I haven’t reached Lol I may be bias... but like Mario. That’s it, that’s al I have to contribute lol okay, yeah. Zelda it is I’m going to the store next week and buying the switch. Maybe I’ll finally get the hype behind those games Will do!
Do you own any game cards or all downloaded?? I’m trying to learn as much as I can so I prepare myself before purchasing I was at Christmas Tree Shop shopping for disposable masks and while waiting in line I was on my phone since it was moving slow. I turned on the setting where if you tap the back of your phone it takes a screenshot. Well, I was fighting with my phone and tapped it since I was being impatient and the sound of a photo being taken was so loud it startled the people in front of me. A father and his son.... lol Pretty sure he thinks I’m a creep now The Reddit chat is all crickets after I called out people for claiming that Charlie from RT is privileged. Don’t use a word if you don’t know what it means I hope that this break sparks some life in them We stan you “Here's one of the reasons you can tell the book is written from a point of privilege. Business struggling to make money when the main source of income has just been killed off? Never mind that, just take out a loan for solar panels you don't need or won't help your business in anyway!
This book is full of stuff like that.” ^^ their response Ooo send the link! Thanks Bee, I was lazy I got 26. Soon to be 2 years off. https://pudding.cool/2020/12/judge-my-spotify/ This was a good time. I got roasted. Merry Christmas 🙂 Awesome!! Flynn, Holland, Peyton, Raven, Terra Off the top of my head How about Ryder? I would not consider him important but true Hm.... Acacia Maverick? Nolan Niamh Negan If you can't do Flynn, maybe Finn Leia Marlow Shuri if you're a BP fan lol I swear PB has gone through my baby name list. Hmph. My order: WEH, AVSP, HC, & MM I personally would recommend MM if you want something fun and good, WEH if sad and cute, AVSP for slow-burn, and HC just for light and creativity what have I stumbled upon Hi, I will happily join the cult Chaos is a pretty name knight wait i am a nurse i should be healer lmfao kick names, take ass AHHHHHHHH PB: enjoy your gender of choice.
Me: can I get a side of 2 female LIs to 1 male LI with that? I wish it was, I could've *been loving it* They 100% browse. It's why we need to take over that ugly site. ^^ we love and appreciate your service, Metta that's what I call teamwork VOLTRA YOUR RANKING WOO :BooParty: Drew, come baby, join the chaotic side :Dopeyangry: :HOLUP: Mom, I made it. Damn, rejected so soon I came for In-n-Out and besitos and all I'm getting is rejection and stressitos you like my spanglish lmfao I had an earthquake a few weeks back. I thought it was a garbage truck outside nah, it'll be me twerking at LAX when I arrive idk what the previous spelling was but I stared at it questioning what was wrong with it lol lmfao I was like this don't look right but my brain didn't say why also, what color should I change my name to and how do I do it 😦 F It's me, newbie who does not know the amazing Pri :partay: I think that TRH4 is a fan service so I’ll add half a year to that release date Fake their deaths and escape to some beautiful place, far, far away Emi, I did you see on Reddit a lot. But you seem so famous here that I thought you just did both my new mission is to make Bee’s life easier on the sub and upvote all of Metta’s comments and posts catch you next year when I finish my duties Morning! I'm doing well, currently binging more of MasterChef how are you?? Congrats!! DO NOT EXPOSE MY SISTER LIKE THIS I changed my profile photo and I think its cute I am ready for this cause we need to know the truth but also I don’t want to hear the truth Damn I missed out with that app. Shame. Why did they decide to cancel? Oh, since it’s Disney I thought it was because it wasn’t appropriate I haven’t played DS 👀 it’s on my list though TE is another one I need to play. Me with BOLAS lmao. Still holding hope I can enjoy it I really want to I don’t think it’s bad it just hasn’t grabbed me yet. I really want to romance Mal so I will force myself to Me? I didn’t think of that. I don’t mind spoilers (if there are any) so maybe I should just go for it Thank you for the info! I’ll do that later today 😊 I’m at the grocery store haha. I can’t. My first act of the new year is purchasing VIP I’ll do that then The first photo is such a reaction meme frazzled and confused please do HELLO I love you hooman ohmygod baby Can’t even be upset by that Never forgot my first game on newgrounds was Riddle School series I thought they weren’t updating it But we still have it you got 11 days. Bluestacks is what I use and hasn’t let me down. Then only current problem is software incompatibility but you just have to restore an older version and you’re fine. No bugs or glitches. Am I the only one lost rn? wut And that’s on being frugal *PB inserting a random ||car crash ||scene*
Me: Bingo! welcome to our clustered brains Liam every time someone attempts to ||kidnap/murder|| the love of his life: I promise you it will never happen again. SIR. DIVORCE. :niapanic: :bartiemad: LOL we are a mess rn uwu Voltra is going to lose her mind any minute now shdhsdjsd hi bby we are simping uberbot 👀  are you selling tickets cause I wanna put my money on the MT queen Metta coming in CLUTCH. you've had donuts two mornings in a row do I need to go nurse on you? Yes you also ate half a moldy bagel ma'am do I need to cook for you? This is your final warning Or I'll be getting Dino Dino would tell you those donuts aren't not good enough for his baby doll to eat eggs, bacon, grits, sausage cassian NOOO you're also 1% kinder for a second You can send this script to a psychologist and they'll tell you that Cassian is programmed by his grief to accept any and anyone who gives him the slightest affection due to his loss of loved ones. He wouldn't dare to let anyone leave him, no matter how toxic they are He needs a hug. I don't agree. Both sides have done wrong and this shouldn't be turned into a "who is the lesser evil" competition. lmao not us, we are just unwitting accomplices I am late to the party but welcome back Pri! Heard wonderful things about you. Can’t wait to join you in the chaos Hi Paige. Idk what you’re sharing but I love it What an endorsement lol! She’s been an amazing friend and a good guide in the community. My phone does this with the Snapchat app. Just a bunch of close up memes and choices screenshots 😭 Purrr I would’ve made a worse typo tbh They stole your shit I was never going to find that I mean.... Yes? Wait, what did I do? GUYS I mean, I didn’t say there was any smex You should’ve known that was a giveaway next time I’ll emphasize it some more WB passionate scene. It made it seem like it was *** but it wasn’t It was just screaming and making out Me editing the script is dming Voltra how much she’ll hate the chapter :kek: Interest. lmao Voltra might rule the page, but I climbed up the ranks really fast *ping* Hi, welcome Spirits! Nice to meet you, wherever you are 😮 A LEGEND :CharmanderHi: VIP does not work as mod, you can have VIP and download the regular mod and both work perfectly together ^^ same best one just the VIP UI ui but not the benefits wait so you just want the regular mod? google android palace choices mod, it offers reg and vip download links People already on Reddit were like “what does that mean?!” Like stfu Karen. It means it’s the end of the series. All of the series. Just let it Rest In Peace I read it as the end of all things Royal. this is a thing? Do I have credentials cause I can’t wait to change that place into a decent one Restore it from its shambles Try? Baby I do nothing but succeed. Hopefully our daily talks rubs off on you lol I should’ve been there when Charlie was demonized I just want to be a mod so no one can take down Metta’s funny ass memes It’s what he deserves. I would buy a thank you card with that on it lol there is a Corgi among us @8emi95 you don't come across as underaged or immature, I just figured you were my age at least, but I do remember telling us you were 25 so I'm just being dumb Voltra talking about TE makes me want to play it now. but I’m supposed to be doing homework lol :smart: Shall I bore you all with a live reaction? It’s my first time. I’m making ribs. I can’t rn either But I’ll post my thoughts in general when I start That is adorable Yes, back of my neck It's a capricorn sign and my father's DOB. aw cute! I want more tats but I haven't fallen in love with any new ideas I want something down my spine though Where do you want it? I want something on my shoulder too. Love shoulder bone tats At age 50 my mom got a massive rose tattoo on her chest/breast with a ribbon and all three of her kids names a the end of the ribbons she's wild I would refrain from ankle and top of foot for tat for your first unless high pain tolerance wrist is hit or miss too The back of my neck did not hurt but when it got higher it felt like i was tatting my hairline and it burned are you trying to say deltoid Paige where you get your vaccines on I got blue I didn't shade its a good reference but don't forget its subjective too I have 13 piercings and will do all of them again without a blink of an eye but the tattoo, I really want it so I would do again Ink color does not matter, I think they're just talking about shading. If you get colors, more repetitive motions on that area to get the right saturation which is why people who do intricate stuff do sessions Like, red, green and pink fade quick. You need to put a lot of saturation and do touch ups Paige, the megamind thing you want, is it a lot of lines? You can try a single line tattoo. That might be worth it Single line tattoos are literally that- the tattoo uses one line to design the entire thing. Probs least painful since its not repetitive motions on tender areas. Only problem is that you need someone who is experienced on it so it comes out looking great examples You have years to decide on what you want lol. When the time is right and you're in love with the design, you'll know. I forgot I have mine all the time. I love when people remind me of it Me: huh? oh... yeah I've had it since I was 18. I expected Metta to have at least half a sleeve or have virgin skin. No in-between How about a chest piece lmfao Do you have your ears pierced at least? Omg a bare baby. I love it. I have friends who don't have anything and I always ask them how it feels to not care about crap like that omfg hahahahahaha I have this picture in my head of what I think you look like and that comment might've just told me I'm right are you her friend or her crush lmfao that's a lot of opinions for a friend That is such a college girl thing though: Ugh, I don't like guys with ears pierced. Don't do it unless you want to look like Jerk-off Josh I love guys who give off that cocky, punk vibe. If he got the fit, I got the eyes LMFAO MY NIECE'S FAVE shsjfhdj great point of reference Never forget Vinny leaving the shore house for mental health and just bulks up and gets a chest piece I love Jersey Shore. I stopped watching the family vacation after the wedding but they're my guilty pleasure Jwoww and 22. I hate it. She's an idiot. My friend and I do random binges of the entire show on Hulu and just laugh all over again Deenerrrr UM, HELLO? ARE YOU DUMB? THE GRENADE WHISTLE I will never not laugh at the scene when they blow the horn and the Sitch is just like "shhhh, shhhh... wait, do you hear that?"
Pauly D: GRENADE The girls: *fighting at a fancy restaurant*
Pauly: so.. *clasps hands* how was everybody's day I love this man. Les-be-honest... god, when I was in middle school this is all I would hear from annoying boys No, its Pauly D he started it with Snooki and Deena babe Jersey Shore was years before Pitch Perfect lmao https://tenor.com/view/lesbihonest-lesbehonest-gif-5543107 That’s a good idea lol I hate being in a serious convo and then I level up But it’s also kinda funny as if my anger/sadness leveled up as I got more invested in the topic Me: I effing hate it here.
Tatsu: Arzaylea has now leveled up
Everyone: oh, she’s hates it, hates it. Aw, have you checked out any school discounts on laptops? It’s obviously nothing grand but it does shed a few hundreds if you find the right one 👀 go get those marks!! I am looking into upgrading my stuff so if I see any good offers, I’ll send them your way. New England is group of states on the east coast. It’s a region and I’m just used to saying it but I can see why it’s confusing. I live in Massachusetts No love. Are there more east coast question y’all have lmao dude I cannot type for my goddamn life today Shdjdjshshsj it’s like “what happens in Vegas” but east coast exclusive I mean, I could easily drive to NY and be back by Midnight That’s one thing I will miss about living over here if I move to the west coast. How easily I can travel across states in one day You’re talking about the country that has New York, New York LMAO PRI I love that you said that cause I was going to make the joke about how in elementary, when kids learn states, everyone goes “is there an East Virginia” Ooo try it SUCCESS We are your minions Promise just cause ily :CharmanderHi: Keep it for the flex Power through it babe! Good luck! I dislike when I take Nyquil I get a sudden burst of energy right before the sleep hits Yeah, same. I hate how disoriented I get from it but also... I need sleep so here I am I just know the book Drew is voting for book club In spirit you are and I know your vote It's almost 3:30am and I am sleepy but not enough for my body to make me go to sleep. we love insomnia Yeah, I was offered meds but I don’t want to become dependent on them. Hate for the need to rely on them every night Yup. I’ve actually started playing some chiropractor videos softly in the background when I try to sleep. It’s worked for a few nights btw. Kinda like ASMR I haven’t. This is the first I hear of either of them to help but thank you, I’ll be sure to look into it I did get some sleep. I usually nod off around 5am and wake back up an hour or so later. Do you get paid for it at least? a bonus or something? yeah, no thanks. give me the green lol at least when I train someone I can take the day off and make them do all the work and get a nice little extra cash for the time I can relate to the appreciation you won't be bothered in the future about how confused they are Happy birthday!! He looks like a brunette Justin Bieber The disrespect I wonder if PB would consider doing a daily release book but for a holiday book. Just a simple 6 chapter book of the week leading to the holiday and ends on day of/day after the holiday. If PB weren’t cowards they could do a mini book for pride parade. Full of representation. I wouldn’t trust them unless they spoke to the community of how they can accurately depict it Bring in some irl stories Sorry babe. I said mini book cause I was thinking of it just for pride week. I would of course love for them to do a full on book with the works for all of you to be represented. Just making sure none of you thought I said mini book cause you don’t deserve a whole trilogy. How awesome but complicated would it be if the bidaily release was two in one? AM focused on one thing and PM focuses different but similar Add in all the token LGBTQ+ characters galore Imagine a book where you have the option to have a baby and MC goes: how about a dog? I would SCREAM. Yeah, but I kinda felt like it wasn’t to break the heteronormativity of having kids but because they just graduated college and “haven’t experienced life” yet *cries in poor* Welcome to the super fan team hey now don't flex on us Lu still can't ping WB its a mess literally cannot I tried 5x I thought maybe cause I don't have the role but even searching I couldn't access it This is so chaotic First time using light mode Look at all the colors lmfao I don’t know what that is but sounds like it could be... fun? What would I do? Screenshot what I wrote lol I’m busy today so I can’t do it but I probs would any other week I’m not busy I love writing and love learning I don’t know how people sit at a desk in their home in professional attire everyday. I dislike it so much lol I was thinking of you when I said this. I’m here in a collared, knitted sweater with my hair and jewelry on ready to start this interview so I can rip it all off and get my back in pj Thank you. It actually started early so I finished right now lol. It was stressful. It was me with a panel of 8 faculty/nurses all asking me questions about why they should accept me, what would I bring to them, why do I want to be here I felt like OH MC at the hearing I think I said what I needed to say to represent myself well and to get them on my side but whatever happens, happens. Thank you so much! Hope everyone is having a lovely day! rip Well they’re wrong lmfaoooo I love that energy As they should Focus on the POC established LI before the prissy “white” girl Shit you’re right. but I did pre spoiler I wasn’t surprised but I also meant it like a state of mind Mhm. I did see redditors lose their shit when their realized :OOF: I can already picture the comments I used to read multiple books at once but now I just commit to one Bless your brain lol Not like they left us much choice Gimme back the MWF format you cowards :kek: Good luck with the job hunting! Don’t lose hope! Do enjoy your time home reading. I miss it so much. I think every year or so I give TC&TF a re-read just for the heck of it. I live in MA and we got restrictions again. We’ve got a rise in cases I feel your pain Stay safe! WAIT did they confirm it died??? true idk I feel like they aren’t ready to admit it I will show up at their office with a pitchfork if they tell me Hero2 won’t happen I will personally fund that damn book myself Bet. This is what my stimulus check is going to- funding Hero 2 Drew and I will break in as janitors They taught us how to do it in a couple of books LOL what does free form mean Someone please apply I just got an amazon package but no one told me I was receiving it and I definitely did not order it its so cute, but like who sent it to me lmao stop lmao. if that’s the case I appreciate the gesture but I’m messaging everyone in my contacts to ask which is kinda weird for all parties involved Yeah, I’ve asked 5 people already and none of them sent it. :hmm: I did open it when I got it cause I am dumb and didn’t think of the dangers of it. It’s a personalized stainless steel cup with my name on it. Amazon I thought if I opened it, the packing slip inside would tell me more info but it’s an email address that looks like spam. A string of letters. am I in a movie? is this the part where the electricity in my house cuts off lol it’s all wrapped up and I haven’t unwrapped the plastic thinking there’s something inside of it :kek: I definitely will do that. Not at all! I got a few more people to ask if they sent it and if I still don’t get a confirmation, I will be contacting them. I found out who sent it! Crisis averted If I’m not barefoot, I’m in heels yup, only fb I think that they don't want to be bothered by everyone switching accounts left and right so the deleting situation is the better choice I haven't ever been able to oh wait you mean from the store itself?? or still modded then, yes I thought you just wanted to keep the modded, which is not possible. If you just want the game, normal download of the app it works is your email in any form professional? My suggestion was going to be to pretend you used it at work or something and that you won't have access to it cause most schools/jobs disable accounts after someone leaves. Just say that it said email not found and see if they believed that I only say this cause I've used old emails from school for an account and its been closed on me No, error messages are no-no. I have an old college email that is still active with my challenges feature on it. I wonder if I can just link that account to my fb. Problem is, fb is currently my modded with over 2k diamonds so is it even worth it I meant ask them to do it lol with the whole, graduating excuse I feared that Uh, I meant from google to fb. But, yeah. I thought that challenges might be lost during the transition which is the bigger loss PB knew what they were doing when they rolled out challenges to my non-fb account. Big brained my ass. Emi, go offer your services to PB for compensation. I have two of them, I'd totally give up the email if you want it. good night 🙂 “Beckett, he’s sweet and I liked him but he looks like my brother and it scares me.” 😂😂 “poppy (qb) her chemistry with mc was written so well, the whole hate-romance dynamic really came through and i loved it. i'd love to see if she gets a redemption arc
Poppy Min-Sinclair, because her and MC would rule the world together.
Poppy because I want to help her be a better person
Poppy, because I'm a useless simp
Poppy (I'M SORRY)” This is sending me to hell and back :kek: People lack taste. Not surprising. Aside from that, not everyone gets a redemption arc. Some people are just asses and they’ll forever be one. Hmmm who? Name a character that deserves one. I’m curious And name one that did but didn’t deserve it Drake got one? lol they tried to jerk down the aspect but then shows us the aunt that is a total biatch and traitor I can see what you mean. I never saw it like that cause I was just over him. I was like “oh here is the sad man with more sad man problems for me to pity” nice try PB Yeah; that shit doesn’t work at all. Especially cause they like them is when they forget to include backstory and actual redeeming qualities When I played AVSP I saw her sprite and I immediately groaned I literally said “not this again” She was nice, hate that I had to win her dumb butt over but it could’ve been way worse I love Max, but what was the reason of considering him before Olivia? Especially when it could’ve even out the LIs proportion to 2:2 I don’t think they ever thought it would’ve been this long lol. Definitely failed at making it a multi-faceted story with handful of LIs that all come at different points I love that Metta got into the starboard but I hate that it was in reply to what I copied from Reddit lmaoo Those weren’t my opinions LOL Omfg I said Drew cause when is that boy not on my mind oops I would’ve gone harder I already know I would get rejected if they see my old comments arguing with people They clearly went to Edenbrook with a concussion and are still showing symptoms lol Real talk, it’s so shameful that you see the list of favorite LIs and it’s full of females. PB is just insane for seeing the positive feedback on them and how much they’re cherished and ignoring it. Step your game up. wait, really? 👀 not even med school, no student is able to enter a classroom where they’re held to a different standards than their peers. the lawsuit would be ginormous The Heir needs to be rescued. I’m not offended. Saying louder for the people in the back. and they allow people to insult POC characters It’s so disgusting seeing the crap under fb posts PB called out people who were defending Ava romancers because of the homophobic shit people were spewing And if they come for you, you have a whole community here who will defend you. Drew as in our Drew. People were bashing Ava and calling it disgusting and forced and he called all of them out which started a whole argument. PB made a call-out post about negativity in the comments and making people feel like shit for who they like and won’t stand for it. All because he was trying to stifle the ||homophobic|| shit Hi Drew ❤️ I agree 100% Pri. I seriously meant it when I said that we need to start skipping books that are problematic. The minute they see that non-fb moms are a big community than they think and we are protesting, they’ll change their tune. Yeah, Lin Phan posted on IG the call out post to him and literally name dropped Drew about his “negative ways” and how maybe he’ll learn to stop attacking people. AS IF. like listen, disagree and be upset about whatever you want. The minute they doxxed Drew I wanted to throw hands I think so. Lmao @DaHomieDrew you still got the screenshots? It’s the privilege for me Fb moms: he supports LGBTQ+ AND hates TRH? Blasphemy! #cancelled If it ends in -ist or -obe, keep it away from me. Me, an intellectual: King shit. Humor is embraced :smart: Isn’t like every take out food option in choices: lo mein, curry, or burgers like where is the variety?? Do you want us to make it up? Lol I’m confused LMAO They said all these applicants fucking suck :kek: Subjectively speaking, I have to agree :zoeywink: I mean, I can be seductive but only if you ask politely LOL They looked at Metta's bartie memes, my one and only post was about if Ava and MC had lesbian sex, and Voltra fighting people on MasterChef subreddit I think you're more passionate on MC WELL ofmkdhhd what was it??? actually, don't tell me Hiiii Okey I love AITA. I’ve been there a few times. Always a good read lmfao same. always a good one I remember before those subs, we have fml I used to read those like it was the newspaper The IG account that leaks sprites, outfits, and whatever else Changed their google drive like 3x because ONE person kept leaking it Fam, there’s a block button. it's private now, I think. I had to request access you're right though, not because of PBs warnings but because of leaks lol Damn, I want to see this one. Sounds funny is BP just TRH but in Las Vegas? wow a trendsetter lmao Look at you! Also, charge your phone lol I am binge watching Criminal Minds. The episodes still hit me in the feels the 6th time around. GASP it’s soooooo good I’m watching Hell’s Kitchen! Just finished first season!! The first season winner was an obvious one to me. I didn’t have to plot it out tbh it's not purposeful! I am just really good at it lol. Although horror movies I let it play out cause its fun, mystery I guess cause I like being right I knew who it was because it mimics the Scary Movie spoof of Scream. Like glaringly obvious NO omfg its just my habit, a bad habit to some, but in my family it would be a competition. we just theorize out-loud during mystery movies and see who got it right first I continue it despite some HATE it. See, I don't get that feeling very often. I have not played all the books but I don't think I've been shocked by any discoveries? You'll have to jog some of my memory for specific scenarios you're thinking of Yes SOOO, we are in the wrong channel for this lol but yes, Pri. I did ummm.... Metta, what are you waiting for? actually, scratch that. the diamond stuff is so annoying stay away ..... like out of the blue? yes! I don't eat them, but they are for sure a thing there's also pb ice cream I've been meaning to play all of them but I stop in the middle and start a new one... so I am halfway through book all the books I have not finished lol I like binging a series tbh. my brain short-circuited for a second is it spooky? Biden: Don't tell me things can't change. And this is where I burst into tears. oh that is me my entire life but as a I grow older, I realize that there is no reason for it cause what will happen, happens btw Emi, in the health talk, its why I said my experience. I know different places have their own way to handle the topic so I just said how it was for me in school. no cameras in my school and no student harming a pregnant teacher but seen that stuff other places. shame you saw that Is that because of personal stuff got in the way or because you’ve just drifted? If you feel like you should break it off cause you’re just not into it, you should. If you want to work stuff out, definitely go text them cute!! LOL HAHAHHAAHAHAH Pri, charge your device! Dear lord cake = booty more layers to the cake = the bigger the booty You got it! :partay: did the professor like it? Aw that’s a cute surprise for the morning ITS BACK HAHAH It’s the dedication and organization for me College is a whole other world. Universe, even. Bel, I can’t with your puns today lol It misses you A king. :MunchlaxMunch: https://tenor.com/view/movie-night-movie-time-pop-corn-eat-intense-gif-17272497 Pri do be chaos HI Not the full name lmfao WAIT When did I say my full name? I know I probs did but can’t remember Deadass? Mood. you’ve said my full name like once, I remember. I know why Drew knows my name and why I know his. But that was purely accidental I’m not sharing 🤐 Viv would share her social security if she had one lmfaooo bet https://tenor.com/view/will-smith-suspicious-gif-9651614 I did. I do recall. If there is anything I learned from starboard... is that Metta laughs. A LOT. How rude of you to not share I laugh way less than I type it. I’ve been told I come across very... dry? standoff-ish? so I add them in to soften the message I have a really good sense of humor but I don’t always laugh. It’s weird. Like I’ll smile to show you I got the joke but won’t actually laugh You let Metta hype himself up I am not an admin but this is my excuse PRI WITH THE JOKES :kek: that actually got a good laugh out of me irl be proud no debatable please do not have her bring up what happened earlier lol ~~logs~~ Well Metta and how many times he's said CURSED you react with bartie a lot, but do use the frog more often "no spam" I'm calling it don't spam uberbot she says uberbot every day stop' search stop wtf Pri we both gotta do work now say bye to your friends no but Me Ouch :kek: How can I help you You can tell me all you want but I won't listen :zoeywink: You may kick me whenever you want let's do it baby, I know the law Settle down gramps, don't lose your breath! I know what you were threatening me with lmao calling Metta a grandpa is sad cause I am close to his age. So, that makes me grandma in the making Closer than all of you he's like HSS dad and RoD dad blended together we love to see it please read it for him he is a blessing Pavlov is the scientist that conditioned one subject to respond to a stimulus, the same way, the same time, to prove that once the stimulus is removed the response is still there nah, it makes sense but its a different type of sensory response both habitual though most people urinate with the sound cause it allows them to relax since they don't like being heard how not the place lol this is a lesson that's a channel? don't got the role for that I did not know it existed lmao I was gonna say it but expected only you to get it Pri, am I blind cause I do not see it oh its not linked its just blending in with the text that is why Yup there, I set an example for the kiddos Thank you! Now go to bed Go to sleep Goodnight its also bigger naturally nursing has programmed me to use TNR, size 12 not me losing the challenge feature on my apple account only for it to be replaced with a worse one LOL my apple had the 20 diamond completion and got replaced with the 15 diamond Wow, I wonder why the global rollout now? Maybe cause of the small release schedule? Ouch, that 25 version had got to hurt. Sorry for the progress issues, haven't had some myself but I see them all the time on the sub and fb Aww, did you update Voltra? try signing out and back in STFU I would literally rip my hair out. The extreme high and low I just felt reading this, but for you must've been at least doubled might kick in a little later? yeah, it used to be like that with me fbhjsdad even when PB isn't trying they still make pronoun errors hahaha VOLTRA LMAO Not Voltra going Karen cause she wants the perks Emi, that is totally understandable. I wouldn't risk it TELL EM BOO wait what book were released when you started playing? I know for sure I had to wait for TF3 Install the update over it Yeah... I have Apple Beta on my phone. It's bad and good, but I will happily join Choices' app shitshow just to see what they give me maybe we can finally share diamonds like they've been keeping I think she means the update newbie wait yours still glitches like that? if I unlock chapters and don't play them, mine will ask me to use a key but won't take it Petition for PB to compensate Emi for all her grievances even when you're losing, you're winning I tried that when I accidentally restarted MTFL on ch99 but it did not work Sorry, I don't. I'll let you know if others share BULL I CALL BULL the way I would go off on them yeah that mod got it too and then I put the update over it, and that one got it too a n n o y i n g tell them the exact version they might just say wait :bartiemad: you only get the free key once yeah, you get one free key as a reward Yup. :partay: my brain is not working and I'm writing a paper that is analyzing pending bills and need to give pros and cons someone tell me what words I can use for the headings for the view that either support or contradict headings, as in the title of the paragraph title of paragraph aka headings: introduction, evidence, results, data, conclusion... stuff like that. y'all listing transitioning words but thank you. ily :partay: finally! I suck at it and autocorrect still doesn't like me this is exactly what I thought the future would be like CODE RED THEY FUCKING DID IT "After a great deal of consideration and discussion, we have decided that officially these series will not be getting additional books: Most Wanted, Hero, Nightbound, the It Lives series, The Elementalists, Distant Shores, and Ride-or-Die." My discord is quite literally crashing rn Neck of bottle or bottom part That’s expiration cause its not that bad? it takes actual months to expire its sealed lmfao I like your description of a vending machine I was teasing you it just makes it flat when its past expiration if you uncap and it fizzles, should be good. but smell it and see if anything inside looks weird ~~just have poison control on speed dial just in case~~ KIDDIN it means I am confident you will be fine But Daniel would I do, he's cute and has a backbone The day they admit that there’s no script everyone realizes they ain’t shit so they can’t. Literally so many people would up and leave. It really is that easy. Tell us how it would start, plot points, ending. That’s all we want to know. It was me. No James original sprite. MBJ is what she’s asking Was the angry face of the sprite scary Cause Tyler’s angry face is freaky weird MBJ angry face looked like a scolding dad Leak the scripts and let us go crazy on ao3 LOL Their requirements are absurd. For graphics, writers, or producers. They’re all too fucking bad. I don’t got 5+ years and I work at a hospital and am responsible for ones life or death But PB thinks I need 5+ years to write a book Gtfo ANYWAYS. PB, just tell me if Hero MC and Caleb are endgame Black eyed peas: I wanna rock, I wanna rock yo body,
I wanna go, I wanna go for a ride, Ayevah I did too but uberbot be on one so I just ignored it I am struggling so hard to write this damn paper it's due tomorrow at midnight so at least I have some time good luck, hope you get it all done soon! I think female Asian ES MC had green eyes White sunkissed MC White MOTY MC I was debating if it was green or gray but I wasn’t sure. I have green eyes but like on the greener, hazel side so ones that isn’t a shade off of blue would be great to see lol I finished my two part project and I don’t know what to do with myself I feel like they wanted to make it tan but didn’t know what shade would look right and they didn’t want to do the Kim Possible lips either I took a shower earlier today to get ready and put on my professional clothes thinking that when they said they’ll contact.. it would be through Zoom, like all other times. It wasn’t. I did all that for a 5 min phone call. Problem is, now I have to submit a photo for background check and I need to take it myself. Now I have to shower AGAIN to do my goddamn hair. This photo will also be on my badge... it’s why I gotta look good. sounds like doing the budgeting managers job rip off Metta, you have a Masters? fucking lit I'm gonna earn my Masters degree so I can out-Masters you Ugh, I wish but I also don't want to write a dissertation we did mock ones in my Associate's and I hated every second gladly lol You can't, Voltra that is abuse respect your elders :Bonk: :marafrogemoji: HE NOTICED :CharmanderHi: it almost came off Meh brb indeed Welcome! :partay: It is very nice to meet you (again). Rae is on here. Always hearting my positivity posts ❤️ Niece calls me at 3:30pm to ask me if I can drive her to GameStop cause she needs a new PlayStation card. I tell her let me finish my errands and I’ll take her. She goes “okay, but it has to be before 6pm” and I ask her why and she tells me it’s because her membership ends at 6 and so she wants it to stay active. I say okay, give me 10 mins. Tell me why she goes “oh.... okay I’m gonna shower show then” Like fam? You worried I can’t take you in time but you still gotta shower? Kids, I tell you lol :smart: Anyone else feels like PB should release WEH as a weekly release? There's barely anything in the lineup, why not fill up a slot for a couple of months? I get the wanting to force people's hands into purchasing VIP but I personally believe QB would've been the better choice I understand not wanting to drop the sad book during the height of the BLM movement, Trump being an ass, AND the pandemic all going on... but WEH is a good book. enough to make many spend $15 to binge it all in one day? I don't think so WEH was well-received. I'm not saying its not, but in comparison to QB, I think most would choose that one. but how many books were ongoing at that time... TF, TRR, It Lives started? LH2 maybe? damn good guess on my end. that is when a whole book release to entice VIP is great humorous, creative, knowledgeable that's a title lmao Likes Dark Textboxes where is that and why is it relevant omfg no I read it like a new book is shaping to be the same my brain is literally cheese you = the netflic show? OH omg a You fan? love it ooo, share this on the vc I am intrigued uh.... its the way I wanted to be invited to scope out the weirdness I would report the goods drew, you too loud baby lmfao thanks babes! whenever you can I will be there go get sleep and rock that class lmao good job Bel imo, yeah cause you're not a cunt the entire time. my diamond free route was MC going out of her way to be mean, with the diamonds, you can learn more about Cassian and act more accordingly there's still a lot of dumb and forced stuff, but I found it much more enjoyable not me mixing up and angel with the devil lmao its rough I wanted to finish it and so I did. I don't recommend it for others who can't even pretend to give a damn lol Same Go Bel! I wish I can be Oprah and just give everyone a PC @Metta guess what time it is It's time for taxes! I love adulting yes he'll survive we finna get paid :glasses: *sigh* bye admin chat how dare you expose me like that :bartiemad: b r u h I am in spirit don't play I did notice it but like I figured it was a glitch so I ignored it wasn't gonna scope I know we love a considerate person I like founder above admin it makes sense say it don't I know it lmao take it to the admin channel :partay: 💯 lol mood don't do it aw she did it don't do it x2 :zoeywink: uwu djsfbfshjd PRI HAHAHAHA she just wanted us to feel nice and limber thank you I shoveled my doorstep, walkway and car and a truck came by and pushed it all back lmao public parking sucks pretty its 36 degrees here but it was 12 degrees the other day no negatives yet so that's a win the sun is a gamechanger ew humidity I'm just trying to get refunded here its a blessing and a curse crunching the numbers lmao also my recurring use of lmao should be a huge tell on what my current mood today :kek: yesssir! but I don't trust technology so I do be inputting myself dhsjhs I like when it just remembers cause I've worked at my job for 5 years Right? My rule of thumb is if I don't understand what they're asking.. than I don't have it and I'm not doing it haha its me having a folder for all my tax stuff and then still not being able to find the one for the specific year asked :bartiemad: idk if I checked off box 8, sue me. it does help ngl. I used to have it in a cabinet but then that cabinet became full of loose papers my work sends me the files, my colleges do not so mix n match for me My advice: don't think you need the company you work for more than they need you I was gonna say don't give up your life for a job that will replace you in a minute but it seemed too negative lol didn't want to scare the kiddos Drew is Asian, he's always scared (me as Drew sends that message) LOL I just know him so well do share, Metta don't keep me waiting I just saw the typing thing haha big mood homework time bye Pri 🙂 its like 1am for her I think so.... storytime ASDGFHJKLS METTA STOP THE COUNT LMFAO this is what happens when Drew leaves for a day Lu Supremacy because I am a PARENT and editor omg my dad is so cool take that bitches don't reject me father this is why stats sucks, all that wasted time this proves Drew is my little brother trynna join his big sis on the fun Metta has newbies who he likes more than us Pri didn't you know? that sucks I would fight them Metta is happiest with food in his tummy how is she serenading if I am not there METTA LOST HIS CROWN I REPEAT, METTA HAS NO CROWN Pri, did you survive your two classes and are you sleeping rn? That’s why I didn’t ping her lol. She needs it PRI. I am gonna s c r e a m Well I am not in that server :Dopeysad: How dare you tease Oh shit You’re right I just noticed lmao Pri remember what I did yesterday? I got the roles. :zoeywink: We always did say newbies got all the perks oop Go Brady! 🏈 Hell yeah. Crushing them 31-9 Tampa Nah, only the Falcons could lose a deficit that big LOL :Duffyevil: I loved being the receiving end of it Greatest day in New England. Literally in our textbooks Oof, yeah. Y’all had a good run and then tragedy no one could ever feel greater pain than us in NE. We had a perfect season only to lose in the Super Bowl It was the most tragic thing ever UNDEFEATED UNTIL THE BOWL Like HOW Whoever created the Hail Mary... your mom’s a hoe And I Oop listen, I love Brady but we all said that he thrived in being in his division... little to no competition Slowly but surely erasing doubts For sure https://tenor.com/view/tom-brady-lord-of-the-rings-tb12-champion-rings-gif-14297127 My family is arguing because my dad just told my siblings that he put our house under my name LMAO Fam, I just got here 😭 Who streaked the SuperBowl... IN CORONA TIMES My siblings are telling me to sell the house hahaha :kek: I AM DYING LETS GO!!!! 2nd Thought you said it was the first ring for Tampa. I was saying it’s second in the franchise Hell’s Kitchen binge watcher here. Kitchen Nightmares is next Pri! I use regular sms as well (poll) I downloaded Chapters' mod to play cause I wanted to see how good/bad they were and I noticed that their ticket pass is hacked. I can still play an entire book even when at 0. Is that not server sided? I just found it curious how it's kinda the same format as Choices but completely hackable More raunchy. The writing isn’t horrible but very Wattpad trope and relationship stuff- CEO, Bad Boy Millionare Some cute outfits and hairstyles but nothing amazing. Since it’s fan-written, it’s better than Episodes imho LMAO I’m sure they have those too The Boy Next Door, College Rivals, etc Book 2 is MC realizing she can’t be President cause there is a hidden clause about *insert dumb reason here* a la Royal Romance Book 2 is all that but it’s during MC’s Bachelorette Party :kek: :zoeywink: shshdhsh this is such a fever dream Honestly, I would love some small little book that are completely ridiculous or just humorous and it’s a crossover of stuff I’d take them in alternate universes too they need money and I just want to have a good time reading Bet! I was gonna reference it but wasn’t sure who here would’ve known that movie nah, those sequels are dead and gone. I’m over it it would just be an origin book with the final boss face off I liked wishful thinking. Not my fave but a simple and fun read I also love the movie What Men Want which is just the rated R version of that voice record lmaoo didnt mean to trigger you with what happened  last time LOL A MOVIE You were making the audio instructions and deleted it twice shdhshs Pri gets little sleep and tackles 5 tasks at once Good luck and goodnight! you got this you smarty pants don’t study everything, just refresh on what you feel less confident in. Trust yourself on what you know Next time we are on vc we are gonna work on not being so brutally honest with our professors lol literally me with anything bruh, I only care for learning how to calculate discounts and tax for clothing shopping and that’s it That’s all you taught me My BSN professor knocks off points for incorrect grammar and all her PowerPoint lectures have grammatical errors :bartiemad: I actually love going on there and reading the stuff y’all come up with I was dying I was gonna join as my alter ego but I never did if you played among us with us you’d know Shsjjshs I think Pri remembers Wasn’t I pretty? LOL Pri and I were impostores together. We love to see it On that note- Pri. It is bed time and we will not be responding to you anymore who is spamming where?? 👀 I saw that lol :garbryce: I still want pizza :/ what kind? is that your go to? I love steak bomb, but I only eat that when its just me cause others aren't a fan buffalo chicken is yummmm I tried it once cause my friend loves it and it was everything I thought it would be which is not good lol I don't like soggy food and that is just that how was IHOP has anyone tried chicken and waffles? I am so tempted to try but never do ohmygod I just searched it now I am upset I can't go https://tenor.com/view/scrubs-all-aboard-choo-choo-train-leaving-gif-5547862 Unless y'all want me to bring you back to Boston for some Clam Chowder.... that is exactly what it will be you like clam chowder 🥺  omg yay It's annoying how happy that made me lol :dogeheart: mhm, they spent more than they earned which is a shame but it is a risk they can't be scared to continue making such as with BOLAS you win some, you lose some STFU AND I DID NOT BUY ANY???" the way my belly knew update: I got pizza eat the rich ™️ yes that's not true cause I always ping Drew on DnD ask a classmate or email the prof whichever is better its the way Pri noticed immediately for me 🥺 :dogeheart: join me friend! friiiieeeennndsssss das my boo lol HI CUTIE OMG BABES @Metta do it. WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY my son would be so proud rn move aside Alpha Theta Mu. lol no, he's my adopted son on PCF. The server son is what I call him I am called Lubear over there cause apparently I am a momma bear I know lmao. It's a blessing and a curse. while Voltra, Bel, Kioverity and Drew were singing off-key to Victorious soundtrack, I was helping my son play minecraft and giving nursing advice to another it was chaos at its finest LOL I don't play but I am slowly being convinced to play like 7 different games I need to get back to work to pay for all of them yes thanks to Voltra and Metta I don't know how it works for pokemon but I love them on other games. whenever I am bored I go on twitch and watch those Pri, how was your midterm?? lol does it work on Mac?? cause I'd be down watch me play randomized before normal I already have one so lit also Metta, don't ignore me pal join irl pfp gang :zoeywink: :partay: happy to hear! I did read about the power thing. that must've been so stressful wait did I miss something while I was adulting? don't worry guys, I got him to speak on vc and I'll get a face reveal I just won't share it :garbryce: Metta, in his head: what next? social security? I have no idea what you're talking about I also have a headache the judge? what is a super junior exam? bruh, what even is this convo oh that's what we do in the other server too LOL Metta, runnnnnnn I'll hold them back my tax return is sloppy this year tsk tsk good thing I got those stimmys omg I have pretty handwriting bet send me all your handwritings and I release them in poll whoever wins gets a prize idk what prize this is why computers are taking over lol na na na na BATMAN yes Pri, its called being efficient lmao never forget the time my biology professor hated me and failed me by a one letter misspelled word and gave full credit to one who "wrote" her answer. it was a squiggly line okay my cursive is basic but still good 🥺🥺 you trusted me with your voice 😂 I love Pri’s humor Does Metta know Spanish? You passed AP Spanish? And you’re not speaking it with me? :bartiemad: Escribes el español bien. Pero quiero escuchar como lo hablas Oui oui baguette Did you understand what I typed though? Or did you search it up? Cause you’re actually good at it. For conversations Yes? pero why I want to hear Metta do double r's its the way Metta is a better conversationalist in Spanish than PB I DO i got white friends, my ears are strong they're gringo-proof is it Metta trying to roll his r's? smh that's mean Pri he's doing his best singing? lmao maybe she's humming it's the way he flexes it all the time we love Metta at Coachella but did you find your car? its a win for me Next time Metta goes to Coachella, I'm going too so I can find him I wanna know how he dresses lol Pri, you haven't told us if your mom is sleeping or not. sleepwalking? Lubear to the rescue! why LMAO it's gonna be a roadtrip where we take all you kids to your fave spots and then Metta and I bond over being old with sore backs aching bones I used to drop it like its hot dancing and now if I drop it, there is no chance I am coming back up djshfsdj if she isn't sleepwalking, sure just barge out there and pretend she woke you up :partay: https://tenor.com/view/snow-dance-snow-day-gif-13020174 bye! hope it goes by fast Pri go to bed It’s not the time to marry people You still need to go to bed But I’m glad you have a big, happy family lol minus the marrying your child TO SLEEP semantics Bye Go. To. Sleep. 😂 Pri. :Duffyevil: :redfieldangry: It’s the way I’m telling Pri it’s her bed time and she makes Voltra her mother What am I? Chopped liver? Our romance was just not meant to be Short lived Me too :zoeywink: I know everything I can’t expose you like that Metta Who do you think I am? someone convince me to not go blonde wow, amazing you did it 10/10 I love how even the family tree follows the chaos yes Shoot I am useless, but I like to help Will those words be programmed as triggered words with specified responses or will it also have a feature that it adapts to your words and builds a memory of communication? Nice! I once had downloaded an app that I could set people as my emergency contact and it texted them that I did this with a link to my account. needless to say, I scared a lot of people well, I just had problems at home and it was common enough where they received that text they thought I was in a middle of a situation. I have no brain today. I forgot I had a pizza in the oven and was planning on taking a nap lol I only realized cause I got hungry and thought to myself what I could make Nope, it looks good. I like my pizza crust crispy so it works I like a good crunch Night biscuit that's what I named my horse in TRR Mara leak your search history to prove you wouldn't lmao is hail freezing rain seems philosophical enough for me "its only for now, it'll change" I don't believe in giving/receiving false hope and it leads to people to expect hard times to end on its own and not take charge in life. you can definitely build something like a questionnaire before using to learn which they prefer makes it more personalized and effective some people prefer the encouraging words and others prefer actual solutions, make it tailored to them oh of course, its hard work and you need to build up to the features the more users, the easier it should become with feedback and all if you need a beta user, count me in 😊 this is really important. its not an alternative to professional help, it is an assistant in how users can help themselves and have the resources to do so. are we assuming its been updated? cause I did this the first time they rolled out the update until they fix multi-tags, it'll continue to not show all Top 10 Bel, I need a favor I wanna see if daddy drew can marry me djsjhs .... I can be your ladybug Bryce, I'd extend my marriage offer to you as well its the way I am being turned down by all the men :worryinjudge: I can't believe Bel is bullying me because I forced him to do hw. Bel used two hot men to turn me down as if that would stop me I'm coming back swinging I’m having a war with my house temp. I turn it up and it’s too hot and I turn it a notch down and it’s too cold idk why I’m struggling I sleep with a huge comforter but I have 3 windows that cause a draft in my room and a heating vent next to my bed It’s a mess It’s 21 degrees where I am rn This is normal you’d be correct That’s nice weather. Not sure if you like it though I like the heat but dislike humidity It’s stifling I want to do a cruise. A Caribbean cruise. but I also feel like it’s not enough time for me to go to the places I want to go My sister went on one and tried to take me but I was in my last semester Indonesia or do I suck a geography? Cool! if you live in the states, it’s so common. I mean, they teach us the world map incorrectly so the map they show us isn’t very accurate is what I mean Flex it babe I suck but I’m not dumb. I have a general idea LOL its kinda sad but I know all the urban/rural areas WHAT ok I can handle that mistake lol I thought it was like an honest answer Firework, I can't ping you but HI! ooh, fun! I had to re-educate myself a little on them after my cousin got diagnosed with Bell's Palsy :/ It's fine! She's improving quite fast but recovery can take months. There isn't an exact knowledge of what caused it but we have a few ideas so now its making sure she recovers and it hopefully it won't happen again (it shouldn't) yes? PRI CHANGED IT BACK :(( thank youuuu 🥺 I like the decision Pri! Start small, perfect it, and then expand to the community oh shit, look at that stat you're so pretty omg! yaay irl pfp gang thanks! since she's lost her sensitivity, we double check her temp exposure and she's mindful of being aware herself she showered the other day and got soap in her eye because she couldn't feel it lol. she's suffering a bit ❤️ @xanthipe yo hablo español De Puerto Rico I like wearing sun hats when I'm on the beach makes me feel pretty and fancy LOL its static on your tongue its water but ✨ spicy ✨ I like it too I learned my lesson when I opened a bottle at a banquet after accidentally dropping the bottle djshbfjd ^^ a man with taste Apparently the app icon changed for android users Fantastic Lol shshdjs I’m on mobile hush I hate it here Yay iPhone users thank you for respecting me lol LMFAO NO that's why I said thanks for having respect for me cause I would never The issues of being a bitch and sharing other people's work sjshdfhsd its me, an alien 👽 yes your bot now has the access with the capability to send and receive messages -> first line I can literally transcribe all of this but I am also not as tech savy so if I do direct transcription it'll also be confusing sjhdfds yeah I literally typed of "nervous system" and "its brain" and I was like... I don't think this is correct so I hit delete and let you test your luck with google translate cause I don't want to screw you up if there's an exact sentence that you're confused on, send it to me and I'll do my best with finding the correct lingo did you create the account? maybe it's somewhere in there since it talks about base link? “Yes, but you don’t have, you don’t have, you don’t have, you don’t have” friends though association yikes, rest up Metta. I think its hilarious I do the same since I know how to be safe 10/10 I would give access :Facepalm: Mood annoying I said what I said "I respect their preference" the minute she hit send oh shit we just said the same thing go off ULTRA DOGGO where is Metta, the superior doggo a winner 👀 Lol I understood that I think he’s confused Petition for newbies to be puppies :marajudge: You mean you don’t like the name Aynaine? Tataine! Lmao Yes I won’t accept it Done 🙂 me capping off a 12hr shift with one Donahue's it wasn't a favored owed IIRC, just that he was a long-time customer so he got the friend perk when you got to a place for a long time, trust me, they'll give you freebies like that. I get the booth that I like lol he was most definitely a frat boy at heart but don't think he would've called himself that now is there where I tell you that NE has a collegiate team named Nighthawks lol pretty sure they were college kids? just pro college kids. which is minor league the farming system yes LMAO they do get crowds cause they're up and coming stars clam chowdah ftw I have a long john silver's, mcdonald's, chik fil a, and CVS across my hospital. It's temptation not to eat fast food every day. but I can't afford the fat lol OH A BAGEL PLACE dude, I am so hitting up the bagel place tomorrow I only had chipotle once, but I need to try it again also... love how no one mentioned a DD. y'all already know I got it great! I already have a presentation due and got to do a lot of cool stuff today my patient had a foot wound and we got to remove the metatarsal from the toe (its a bone) wildin' its was a good chunk, think of your knuckle like that two of them I have to discharge tomorrow so that'll be a good chunk of my day organizing stuff I should be sleeping but I want to put my uniform to dry so I have it ready for tomorrow Ugh no. I've had a ton of broken hips which sucks so bad femur is like high trauma stuff. Yay Bel! well deserved My friend said something similar to this when I read this LOL hi and welcome! for someone who loves attention and posting screenshots, funny enough she didn't include one for this I'm thinking its like a Buzzfeed thing where they ask randoms in a topic/demographic to help out. anything concerning her is :judgeyfroge: the lin phan person anyways, that is the most backwards, unprofessional email I've ever seen so..... *whistles* it was the "no spoilers" for me I would only hope this is real just for PB to hear about it and put 2+2 together oh, I really like that emote probs with all the drama that went down they thought this would help them out? make them look less shitty? its very vivid, idk it pleases my eyes lol I don't think she is capable of thinking rationally I can only guess what *she* thinks @redhood310 happy birthday 🎊🎉🎈 @Priyudi so we don't spam the channel.... but yeah! some places are more strict than others but the actual program/classes are so strict. I have my hair is layers and when I first cut it short, my hair would poke out of a ponytail and they deducted me points for my "unkept hair" that was not to the professional standard I wanted to kick ass. It's stuff like that which caused me to hate my curly hair growing up. I always thought it was unprofessional to have it done... wild and crazy is what everyone calls it. I suffer from migraines and tension with ponytails and stuff like that aggravates it obvs guess who always has to have her hair up :kek: I really shot myself in the foot I plan on losing weight and then chopping my hair down so my round face can slim out a bit and it'll look good undercuts are so nice! I saw a vid of someone who got a pixie cut and undercut 😍 I could never. pros and cons for everything I like volume, but its h e a v y Hope all went well 💕 @Priyudi get ready to answer all my questions cause I am officially off the clock. I sent that just for you to be prepared lol. Start whenever you want babe ping when you're ready I went to sleep at 5am and woke up at 9am. I feel you. Stapler remover. It tends to rip the paper so I open up the stapler ends in the back with it (just pull it back) and then turn the paper over and slide the teeth under the long side and it should come out seamlessly I’d literally buy a plushie of all the animals Money well spent. I only eat dry cereal cause I don’t drink milk subway surfers is great. My go to game when I’m bored. Angry birds is already great but only cause I’m competitive and want all the stars Goodnight Pri! I am off tomorrow and I can help you shorten sentences if you’d like! You know, I’ve been told this but I have yet to have a job turn me down for my hoe pics and all my accounts are public (Please do not take this as advice to overshare and be reckless on social media) It does... but like I’ve worked in some major departments that look all parts of your life. No one has ever cared about that stuff but then again, a good and hard worker for a pic showing my tatas won’t kill them lol I mean I’ve worked in the most public places. My patients follow me on my social media’s at times Let’s not talk about how they find me.... unique name has its pits they do. I’m a reflection of the company and would get fired for anything I post I can’t even speak to other companies without informing them At least, that’s how the hospitals I’ve been at Because society thinks it’s cool and ballsy Go on Twitter and you’ll see KISS? Lol You don’t know the group??? Rock band. From the 70s Bastien’s father ain’t slick Uh... that doesn’t happen in the book?? Lmao I’m running off to check if I am a full moon child. BRB. he’s not a villain like at all. he’s just disloyal I literally almost typed unloyal cause no braen same Fae has unlocked cat status lol 💀💀 PBs new intern- Milli from Suite Life of Zack and Cody 👀🏃🏻‍♀️ It would be the smart choice cracking a cold one when I get home How the heck do you only find that out on THAT day? did they just never talk? I like knowing the people I’m friends with, let alone who marry into my family l m a o drew ..... no one is gonna tell you https://tenor.com/view/this-is-a-case-for-the-fbi-gif-7886284 easier to say weeks than give a specific date and possible not achieve it by then always leaving stuff to the last minute lol i guess its the transition from fully release to weekly release This is really interesting. I hope it goes well! Yay! it usually doesn't load on phones cause its an ad and those usually run at different areas when on the website its a weird thing I didn’t get the nerd comment? That’s why I didn’t respond lmao I don't think nerd is an insult, back then it meant lame, now its synonymous for a studious person being studious and interested in being knowledgeable is not nerdy, and people usually use that term because they're jealous/envious that someone has the motivation or the brains to do well this is not teasing and seems closer to bullying/harassment, if you've told them to stop. I would talk to them personally and express your discomfort and continue up the chain if they don't listen it is, but once you recognize it, you gotta defend yourself babe. its sad but some people take advantage of friends and pass it off as friendly banter... you need to voice how you feel and make sure you're heard and wishes are respected don't do it if you hate shortcuts its so cringe its not... the three second delay to switch from shortcuts to the app to open up? hell no Drew, you don't deserve rights lmao how the heck did you decide to do half the job? voltra, what??? I am so disappointed rn do it for all the other folders lmao its like 8 clicks total my shit luck those 2 are the most important. I have to be up to date I'm that busy and that nosey duality my notifs are all important/priority inbox my promotion folders has a lot but I don't have the app screaming at me fae, I get the notification to look at it but not on the app itself with the number count idk how I did that but I did work is always outlook adulting oh bby, consider yourself lucky.  college and work use it cause its the most professional apparently I meant to reply to fae but y'all kept typing and it made it yours sdnfjhbkfn that's why I said bby LMAO I think its a glitch on discord, Drew. at least when on the computer it doesn't matter which I highlight, it'll just do the next one me: bby
metta: ..... alr? moving on STOP METTA funny how I'm honorary cali squad but not in the gc hmmmmmm I c, I c I said what I said lmao rip Metta nvm, i'm not into it he can handle all that never that boo Lu is mourning she's the most active today than she has ever been this week cfjngSKDL I had tears in my eyes from laughing at fae's reply djfhgsk a trip to MA is nice, to live here it is not just go sightseeing and enjoy where the celebs like to dine and wine go to some games alright, its been fun but going back under my rock I go love you too Mara and I got some beef Mandalorian LMAO that was instant Idk why people acting like they understand where that came from but go off It was the Massachusetts joke! I live there and it was a harmless joke about not wanting to be here lol Can you try googling their station and finding a number? The station usually has a line for tips and other stuff when cool things happens and maybe one of those people are kind to help random question but how does one go about getting a roommate LOL where do you even place the offer what if you regret them how do you just trust a stranger I learned from Drew that young people don’t read newspaper anymore 😂 Like he made it very blatantly obvious and i find that wack I know Craigslist but do people actually use it? I always hear about it in memes I said Craigslist first baby boy, check yo eyes and then respond to me 💋 there's a hack you can do to override that, in a way, but it takes a few steps and its risky to your account if you're interested askdjfgh yes I use it and it hasn't failed me yet basically you make purchases for more diamonds and boom I just do like one-two huge purchase and then don't do it again until they all run out so I've been under the radar you download lucky patcher, download the mod, go on lucky patcher and create a modified patch, click the emulator and LV something, click rebuild, and then use it through lucky patch app and should be good to go hold on, there's a link I use when I forget the process https://www.trickyworlds.com/how-to-use-lucky-patcher/ works for chapters and choices cause I'm a good researcher oh baby, do I got news for you maybe you chose the wrong options when modifying? its easier if I watch you do it, but the link I posted up there gives you the run down. when you modify, be sure to select the one about emulators and LV. switch the side tabs on and it should work LMAO That’s so me I put on light makeup, my cute top and do my hair I love it Hospital food made my stomach go brrrr I genuinely forgot about my foot for a solid second I was like, oh it’s kinda sore thanks for asking? Weird how you guess that 😂😂 it’s okay! The area where I stepped on class doesn’t hurt or anything. I also stepped on a splinter this morning at 5am and wanted to scream I have wooden floors and when I re-arranged furniture it must’ve carved the floor That’s what I think is how I got the splinter. I’ll remember to be more gentle next time Hope school is going great! Especially work! Make that money 💰 It’s been a while since I heard that name cause I used to spend time in the library with my friend who did IT. I looooooove it Sound so professional @FraternalGemini I am commissioning you to do Raleigh/Myles swap because I like chaos Did I stutter? *twerks* I hate it. Burn it. THEY DO The second one looks like a twink @Belbercike confirm Can I just sprout weird mixes Benji (QB) and William (RoE) You’re giving me too much power LMAO I love my life I am laughing so hard He looks like a white boy with a new black friend SHDHDHS I heard of this one today, imma find it I'm been ready about Red, which is supposed to be one of the better stories Is that the one with the Eiffel Tower shaped thingy It fucking sends me every time If Bel knows it, it is. We talked about it I shared the screenshot in cursed lol babe its been like that for a while but I'm glad you noticed! mine still flips? yours does not? the little pointy butt disappears when it jumps do me a favor and don't ever read my essays you'd collapse lmao OMG YOU DID I thought too soon but then re-considered cause of cover release Score one Metta https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-squidward-bold-and-brash-more-like-belongs-in-the-trash-gif-15786791 my head hurts You’re doing great! That all sounds super interesting! good luck and goodnight! It’s the way I wanna say something funny in Metta’s channel but I don’t got access #sad Thank you for the double emphasis Are we running Metta? I’ll push you Ruin what’s left of my knees I can't do that to Metta, who else is gonna be old with me? if its unfair criticism it can go to bullying territory right idea, wrong execution especially when repetitive @Belbercike it literally kills me that I can’t comment on Sophie’s channel. SOPHIE YOU CUTE LITTLE THING! ILY How dare you?! I am upset on her behalf! cheater @Belbercike when you’re done cheating on Sophie, come to the other side and let me love her. Skdhdhdjshdh BEL STOP SENDING ME MIXED SIGNALS FFS I KNEW SHE HAD BABIES. ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS TELL ME IT WAS THE KIDDOS :bartiemad: You know what? I didn’t need a cat when Bel and Fae were providing me content Bel just slackin rn Not letting me sprout my words of encouragements to all their cats Damn Drew you writing a poem or something? SAY IT I embrace stupidity as long as it’s wholesome lmao damn straight Fae be awesome like that. Cat snap 24/7 💖 unrelated but this just suddenly reminded me of Voltra being so confused as to why her bitmoji was on your story 😂 I was dying reading her confusion I wasn’t sure if it was the last snapped or the most frequent snaps But it was the “wait, that looks like me. WHY IS THAT ME” 😭 Your FBI working hard Lmao My agent thinks I’m a freak My searches be outta pocket Flag this one for being too gay to think functionality -5/10 You and Damian would be the best homies FBI agent jokes :) FBI agent jokes and the parents/God tweets after a kid does something are peak comedy Twitter be killing me Drew… crip or blood? LMAO I KNEW IT My boy needs to be a little more street smart :/ Blue vs Red. The thing you sent had the bandanas repping both sides 💀 ay dios not the Ricardo wave *in* that emote never fails in making me uncomfy the doge one, not the child lmao I am the definition of PG :nyansmilebig: https://tenor.com/view/true-agreed-jennifer-aniston-thinking-hmmm-gif-14692854 ™️ Welcome to nursing, morning meetings every day do you get treats though?? coffee, donuts, bagels? lmao, I'll UberEats you a snack 'World's Best Accountant' mug You can if it’s a chocolate mug If other streamers aren't messaging them or tagging in their own playthrough and stuff, that's kinda on them if someone has tried to get the same attention and PB just ignored it, that's where I would pop off on them. I do think there some contract/publicity thing going on here but if they're both benefitting, power to both deadass!!! I was watching masterchef jr and they did that for one of the fridges I was baffled at how weird it was what chapter is it currently on?? idk why I thought it was at ch12 that shit going slow Lmao I think it’s an honest mistake. I think she would’ve giggled to herself at it or just thought you were funny cause you thought that pregnancy was an illness 😂😂 Usually people are told to be on bed rest because they’re having some complications or they’re to prevent such issues so saying sorry to hear isn’t the worst thing. The please take care is solid. Don’t stress If it makes you feel better, I’ve definitely told people who handed me my take out order “you too” after they said “enjoy your meal” lmao I expected the typical “have a good one” and just answered automatically instead of listening to what they said LMAO Really? I feel like expecting is the more common, formal way to say it. I wouldn’t just tell my boss “I’m pregnant”, I would say “I’m expecting”. It’s a mix of preference, relation, and what’s more common where you are/grew up expecting or pregnant? If I was a maternity nurse, I wouldn’t say that. Depending on the situation, I’d say “pregnant” or “having a baby” You can’t leave it up to interpretation, gotta flat out say it. In front of them 😂 I like Apple Music because it gives you the b sides/singles/side albums that Spotify omits. I appreciate it cause it’s usually those songs that are the true bops Plus who doesn’t want free Apple TV for a year? Some of the shows are quite good bbyyyy Metta likes to party with his tomatoes You heard it here folks I got mcdonalds upset tummy no I don’t like burgers just fries and nuggies I never tried the original sauce What’s it taste like? Its also called a blackout in some areas who we tempting 👀 I know lol! I like the name we have insomnia cookies over here and they’re really good I do on my computer! I put that shit in a corner and let it roll I play modded so I don’t lose any diamonds by resting it in the edge of a diamond choice. So I let it select itself. Your other option is just saving you some taps if you only go in to confirm diamond choices which is like 10 taps out of 50. every person using excel Metta I will throw you in a trash can d i s g u s t i n g EST!
Everybody Stays Twerking si I have to respond to you I know sorry lmfao you can totally @ me, I do better when someone does it I honestly don't like replying unless I can contribute and that's what happened I did not ask for a golden shower thank you for being kind to me the twerkers appreciate it idk about all this pee  stuff is this in the *thingy* its programmed yeah normal wasn't sure if they referenced it or not DREW cutting it semi close pal lmao haosc is my new bestie the support I am feeling rn unmatched ahem wanna bet? :fightsu: imagine that is why I go to Cali. to prove I can bounce it better than Metta lmao omg homemade food pls teach me about your cuisine oh that too put your new gadget to the test r e d a c t e d slkdjfhg TF: SPL edition. us when we unload from the rental in from of PB's headquarters https://tenor.com/view/avengers-running-lets-do-this-gif-19919029 :nyandance: I snorted so damn loud. if we can't find a bigger van I can just tie him to the top like they do with canoes zakDJSFHG VOLTRA LMAO she really said he built different wait mario??? im so confused why thats his first reaction Its metta accidentally pinging fae to say "fb moms" for me dkFJSdghrz of all things metta omg I'm confused I need an explanation how the self insert works in writing. do they keep everything about the MC the same but change the name and base it off the LI they like? or do they take the characters and twist it to their liking? like, if I take Witness MC, change her to my name but keep her entire character background the same, and just go from there that's just a story. If I take Witness MC, make give her my background and go from there... that's self-insert fanfic stuff so I can see how its a fine line between just taking inspo and actually wanting to be them Witness MC vs Flynt. The crossover I need. Witness MC.
Ms Match MC. SB MC. all the sassy ones Covid is rising in numbers and my hospital critical units are full of younger ages on vents. This is without the variant being listed at my hospital. Everyone stay safe ❤️ The Power 👀 whoa @Priyudi conditioner might be too oily we use those for hair treatment and during summer because it strips it its a once a week thing Pri end the hair/showering products convo in TNA NOW. Metta upset me he is # cancelled DREW YOU TOO BEGON e YES. make sure to lighten it to get it best1 where are you doing? bangs? ends? highlights? lightener is better than bleach but it depends on hair color, if its virgin, etc ok yes, I accept this as well. fae smells like fruits and flowers yummmm *punching air* idk about the fish bottle but I use no more tangles cause curly hair .img no more tears kadwlmsfzj HUH .img no more tangles, spray its the way I would accept this fish bottle thing before your head and shoulders que I don't like 2-4-1 its bad but mostly, I don't like men can do this and still have beautiful hair eradicate men with poor hygiene and pretty locks slmwdakenfjdhrt LMAOOOOOOO I laughed so fucking hard rn also, I am impressed that Voltra score keeps HAHAHAHHAAHAHA y'all just wanna trigger me today kdsjr Lu: loves shampoos and conditioners
three of you: what is that? soap and water.
Lu: loves sports
three of you: that's that thing that makes you sweaty right? its national I Hate Lu day oh all the teams I expected Fae to watch, that was not it If I said I am close to crying, would you stop? dklwjhgr lmao ok saving that for when y'all go off continue talking about the other stuff lmao dope I feel gaslighted LMAO jk yes, do be an angel metta hush up metta in the dm's gets my jokes, metta on the server plays it safe I don't like it Oh Pri babe, you're not abitch WAIT UNFORTUNATE PERIOD no one saw that.... LOL thanks I deadass am a bitch without even trying my fingers just did it. I haven't been so active since I started working and I miss this bet. I bring the funnies oh shit, Pri, I forgot you should be sleeping ..... I will let you stay awake if you tell me your bitchy moments. I like hearing them go on :) LMAO WAIT my friend once deleted her discord account cause a guy liked her and was flirting and didn't know how to say no HAHAHAHA golden girls club wait fae no I was being funny I AM SORRY IT IS WHAT IT MEANS TO ME LKWDJNSFHG @faede omg I feel bad. you really just took what I said. I abused your faith in me :CRIES: have you watched golden girls? its a gem I feel bad for the staff having to deal with my typos today. logs must be going crazy :lmaocry: oh its fun, they're super sassy. its like dumb bitch gang but irl living together there's a dumb-witted but heart in the right place, a bitch, and a hoe the holy trinity DON'T JINX IT BETTY WHITE SUPREMACY LMFAO I'll give up the Hoe title to Andra to make it perfect oh shit no no no dsfklghj KUDWFUDOJWIF FAEEEEEE queen shit me, I'm O+... positive for hella calories up in me drew??????@???? that shit came from the soul omg bring back the hypothetically I'm trying to edit and I'm fully distracted everyone that I love I'm giggling like crazy don't think I've stopped since 2 hrs ago @Priyudi I still don't think you sqlmadjknwg I hit send too early LMAO anyways, Pri, I still don't think you're a bitch. but I can give you lessons hahahahah ngl I think people would hate me more than poppy as they should you're def Carter. just there, going for the ride, still friends with me despite it all imma dress like her for halloween some day you have the floor lmao nice try babe, not working. damn so I can't be regina george? numbers lmaoooo What is the little text box at the bottom for my birthday, can I get one with the super secret role you gave me 😂 did you search that up? Omg aw ily. Yes, that is the day ❤️ Pero why .ksqjndwbfh identitcal it is a bit hard to readt qswmdlfbhj Wrap 👏🏻 it 👏🏻 up 👏🏻 yes but does that stress mean it’s worth it? No OH WAIT NNOOOO? I said STOP You can enjoy the day off 👀 Bella? Bia? My cheeks are trembling it’s actually me twerking but shhhhh ikr I said wait for me but I took too long I love this poem Sandwiches >>> burgers Metta can kiss my butt Burgers are not sandwiches the end. YOU TELL HIM BEL Case in point, Metta 💅🏼 bread is cooked/heated differently and that’s on you if you don’t know it Metta, I disagree but all I read there is that burgers are sandwiches but sandwiches are not burgers I feel like I won news flash Lu and Metta cause chaos again isn’t spread just a topping I don’t eat that lol I don’t eat that x2 lol I don’t think you’d call butter on bread a sandwich, it’s just a buttered toast lol Mixto. It’s what Puerto Rican’s eat lmao I do. That’s why I choose violence every day Pri to me: WAKE UP
Me, 11hrs into my 12hr shift: 👁️👄👁️ Pri, I don’t think I’ve ever slept in a day in my life. I have insomnia lmao The only exception is when I’m sick and I don’t consider that sleeping in, it’s more like spontaneous hibernation You’re a half cursive writer too! my friends used to always like that I wrote half cursive and had all the loops and stuff cause it made it look fancy 😂 either they’re talking too long because of stuff or they’re just thanking those who actually attended, instead of everyone who sent gifts. My opinion is that it’s easier to remember who was there VS who wasn’t, so maybe they personally thanked everyone who showed up but haven’t gone through all the gifts yet so once they find yours, they will send it then. That’s what I see happening. :kek: I love being on top This is my moment. I am Poppy before Bea SKDXJJSJSNS Aw, I love that the day Metta learns to not send screenshots that looks straight out of inception I learn peace drugs without using the drugs :SansFingerGunBrows: :samhelpme: :heheadrian: :aislame: :GabeThink: :garbryce: :partay: :samwtf: :SONIAWINK: @Priyudi she’s risen ellooooo you don’t know Pri This is lights out go Sleep have a great day babe Awwww ❤️ Love that for you I obviously haven’t ate there the fries are really bright, are they usually in the underdone side? Like soggy/mushy, Hmmmm What does that mean In your mouth and out the butt 😂 No, it’s about speed since it’s fast food like come in fast and leave quick I think? I like our original guess more. Gonna stick with it. anything with grease has the potential Drew really sent me an article for me to read instead of typing out a sentence bro I don’t got that kind of time lmao lactaid ice cream is a big hit “Pills are for NERDS” have been brought to you by S.A.D.D Yeah intolerance upsets the GI. Allergic reaction is severe Metta lmfao bringing back the shart who wants to wet their booty after liquid poo Sounds grossssss wipes are after everything not the first time! god, the lack of butt hygiene you wipe with toilet paper and then wipes yes that’s why it’s second. It catches the messed up parts And the little leftover toilet crumbs 💀 We eat greasy food and are obese! It’s taxing to take a massive dump! So they’re resting! LMAO Not American, can confirm weird. this made me chuckle. Good one. you can wiggle your ears and try to unclog it Helps me I can move my jaw and it pops it Not my entire jaw you fool! I can do it without moving it but it was the example to get the idea across I love watching TMJ resets That’s your last name Mr. Dumb Ass. I use Qtip but I also have self control. Quality tips. Metta 💀 Why does my ear have a phone? chrome? lmao I call them both. Depends on which. Phone in my head and chip in my arm. Call me Robo-Lu We can agree on ear plugs Ears don’t speak which defeats the phone. At least with head you can argue you use one to speak and hear I actually don’t really care but if you want me to argue my side I will. I love debating. both that’s me I think arse is better ass- my friends call me this cause I’m being annoying
arse- holy shit I’m being a douche bag and this fancy person called me out on it arse just has a certain ring to it It… doesn’t rhyme in general 💀😂 lu likes laughing alliteration it’s a statement. He did it last night Past tense He’s Synjin? LMAO METTA Truth. He was always there to help and made me laugh with his antics Character from victorious Presidents teeth! bitch I’m Hispanic. Don’t correct me. El es Synjin and that’s it. His-peace? No! I’ll be his-pain! Jade. you won’t date for long but it’s a good time while it lasts 😂😂 Nah. He was toxic. Imagine going about your day and your bf comes in to rile you up and then act like the victim He flirted and crushed on Tori, and hung out with her despite knowing how Jade felt. He was baddddd I am a Jade apologist. She would yell and he would stay quiet. Toxic. I’m under my bed, I’m under my bed! SEE! You made Cat faint! and a dog that mauled his dad it’s the patience he had with everyone else but her bro, pls Jade and Andre was what I wanted. It would’ve been a great balance. Beck needed to stay single She always had patience with him and even when she would be annoyed by him, she would be tame 😂😂😂😂 I really wished Robbie would’ve realized that he put the girl on a pedestal and it was all in his head. she wouldn’t live up to his standard I think it’s his alter ego umm.. I haven’t watched that but think of like Freud’s Id, Ego, and Superego Oh so then yeah. It’s def that. Think of when kids blame their toys for their actions! Just like that I didn’t do it, Mickey Mouse did 😂 ugh don’t talk about dan I don’t know her actual name but the actress from Zoey 101- Nicole. If everything she says it’s true, the poor thing went through hell. just cause of the creep She came out against Dan for SA. She said when she talked to the other cast members, they ostracized her for wanting to do that. They would exclude her in everything from hanging out to just going out for meals during filming. She basically said it hurts seeing them so close and connected when they did the reunion because they shoved her away for speaking about what she endured The roommate, ditzy one. Boy crazy. they are also like “why would you do that? He gave us a career and takes care of us” Which is fucked cause if they didn’t suffer, you’re victim shaming. If they did suffer as she did, now you’re just hindering her healing. Hollywood is filled with them so having those connections covers your butt. You need people willing to expose you and if he has his other victims playing bodyguard, it’s so hard. Not to mention, at the time of the events, you’re not thinking to expose but to get away as fast as you can, and if nothing is documented… it’s just your word against his. I’m sure they risk being blackballed and even lawsuits you gotta be mentally and physically strong to go through all the hardships especially with little to no support defamation cases are big with SA reports. but most of the people know turn the other way are reaping in the benefits. Money, big gigs, A-list shit. They aren’t being victimized but they are getting the hand me downs of being associated so why would they throw it away? You just gotta have morals. And Hollywood always tells you to make it, you gotta sell your soul to the devil I knew of trump cause of his show and cause he was fucked since a long time ago He was always problematic. A true white man in America. I left for a couple of minutes and I’m so lost How did we get here lol SA, to anti vax, to this is a hell of a trip I’m here for it though! That reminds me I gotta finish HSS never did either of them ….. can I be alien Lu? Move aside Martian Kat, Alien Lu is here PB would love me cause I hype up their smut They’re like YES! CIS GIRL GETS IT 😭😭😭 I haven’t watched her streams but anything you put fun and passion into isn’t bad I won’t knock the girl down Under the same name? Aw, I love that she interacts. OH BABY let me be the one…. God work I’m not gonna speak of it here. Unnecessary drama. You can ask in dm’s if someone wants to share or other servers may be happier to speak. #1 fan ❤️❤️❤️ Hi Priiiii ❤️ Sup It makes a funny sound. Sup sup lol Oooo Interested Adam got jokes lmao wait I wonder if I tried this one… Brb oh nvm WAIT IS THIS THE ONE PEOPLE ON YOUTUBE BEEN PROMOTING This is the app that asked me to join their beta testing for ios! I ended up not signing up cause it sounded sketchy since they wanted my phone info…. Damn. lmao glad I didn’t do it then :O love that hate that Parker: ✌️🏃‍♂️💨
Mara: 👁👄👁 I would’ve roundhouse kicked him try to walk away now boo 🥰 https://tenor.com/view/dead-im-done-im-with-you-gif-12655643 Parker trying to run after rip wonder if I still can cause I haven’t updated Hmmmmm I will try later Not sure which one mine has developing headaches to force us to spend money on them duh Pri was clearly threatened pls don’t tell Elon Musk this HP laptop lasted me 10 years and being dropped almost every night when I slept lmao me: *googling dumb shit*
my mac: *backhands* now why tf would you do that? I need this for everyone who webMD’s their symptoms Students: how do you spell pregnant
Mac: *turns itself off* It’s pragnant GOSH can confirm, I have the starch and I have not been Gregnant Is Greggs a restaurant? Diner? Oh shit I have them in the state next to mine guess imma see what the deal is I’m used to it I cross it for cigarettes Mhm my state doesn’t sell the brand of cigs, so I go to NH and they sell it by the carton. Cheap asf. Anna Hopkins 😂😂 Satan’s Kingdom is the spot 🔥 Imma give mormon bar an honorable mention lmao LMFAO .img hispanic Ian Kingsley ? en serio? mi culo No me cae bien Se ve raro .img Ina Kingsley There are similarities ||A classmate of mine, and not-friend-friend, used to deal drugs and the rival high school guys had a problem with him and did a drive by while he and his gf were in his car in the neighborhood. He passed away and she is still mourning him to this day. It’s been about 8 years since it’s happened.|| Have a lot of high school stories that would put Wattpad back in business. whats the plot? I'm in a movie mood but can't quite decide what I want to watch i need an explanation of how bollywood makes you think of hitman lmao kinda wish it was cause there was a bollywood movie that revolved around a hitman shame don julio ignore the joke, Pri. pls ldkmfsdgjrnfh no lmao to some depends on your criteria of what a drink consists of don't insult my grandpa like that he's REAL of hitman? bet never seen it the gameplay I mean 👀 I only know 2 kinds of plugs sorry, is this Oliva speaking? the Gaius sequel we deserve @DaHomieDrew what would a win consist of? I’m trying to picture it but my movie taste are too selective for me to think of something movie buff gold Idk if I’d even think of half of that stuff In such specifics 😭😭😭 Abyss is all in. what’s the best one you’ve watched? I wanna see this I’m good with the “oh I could foresee this happening cause of the song/vibe/background” but I feel like it’s child’s play Bias? You? Never. LMFAO WAIT IT TOOK 3 TRIES SSHSKSKJSND It’s okay, you got the Mega right lol IN FRONT OF THEIR SALAD 😂 Gimme your unbiased one Who here has seen Train To Busan? I’m explaining to Fae what I think this movie is about and they’re just snickering idk what I did wrong me: all I know is this movie I keep forgetting about and my friends reminds me every time. I think it has a cover of a train with two Asian people (sorry don’t know specifics) and I think there’s zombies? is that really it? it’s a zombie movie??? No, I thought my friend was lying…. I thought it was one of those foreign movies about migration… with a love story. we really do cause half of this movie sounds my speed but the other half doesn’t Whoever watched The Mist in its prime- will it make me more or less sad? Apparently it’s more sad. yes Grand vampire 🧛🏼‍♀️ even better it was all my messages in PCF apparently it duplicated so many of mines I got the angry red text and I was so confused ???what???does??this???mean??? discord is one more tequila shot from hitting the floor DO IT you're welcome, I was indirectly involved and it seems like it made a lot of people happy rookie mistake lmao stayed for TNA duhhhh he's a reader child's play, he's here for Surrender. first in line LOL I'm out just like the rest of them how does it feel to be a commoner again> :CandidCarter: I SAW THEE GLITCH DO NOT DAR DARE OH THEY KNOW the person *knows* one is lowercase and the other is uppercase duh drew come on like reddit does flairs? or does it look diff oh that's too much, I like mine short and sweet but fun for others like Metta he'd thrive not mega? I would but I don't like it so it would be hard to decide who gets my reward last convo with him was about Fae such a good dad he was he was the best. :ConfusedShock: lmaooooo Nope. I love informing people of this From Logan to daddy ❤️❤️❤️ I’m experienced with kids and block letters lol LMAO lmao Yes. Huh, that’s a new one It’s the way I read the link nocookie as “no coochie” Chile, I need sleep. Not the confessionals lmaooo So I got a feeling they did it wrong lmao 🤡 You had one job homie it’s like when kids use the ouija board and don’t say goodbye I only ever hear "much" used in this kind of sentence when they say: much needed advice. I hate English. So hard for no reason. You gotta start somewhere lol Covers I feel is like the least important. Fix your body types, diversity issues, and poly stuff first Go from there homies There is an open section at the end IIRC Right. So, I didn’t mind the ranking. Although I feel like some could’ve been grouped together but hey whatever you specific are I guess I pick the prettier one or who looks like me. Sometimes I switch depending which hairstyle fits best, etc .img Manu QUIEN? En su casa lo conocen. Good hot EXCUSE ME? HELLO? oh typo Skdhdhsjsh good bot STOP got guys on the brain 💀 Mara been typing for a hot min You good fam? she’s gonna need a while lmao 😂😂😂😂 Pri said I don’t got the time for this :umarutyping: ⏰ Ring and ding ding Mara got blue hair? Ooo she bad. I picture her as the girl from angus, thongs and perfect snogging 🙈 Raleigh (male) sent me for no reason lol You wanna specify the race? it’s just a man Excuse me that’s peak Everett mcdreamy mcsteamy And all the other mcs in Grey wow I love this photo of us I really don’t think race preferences matter. You like what you like. Who is to judge that @Metta it’s time to simp again buddy Yvette is waiting pls share Idk who that is ???? MA’AM yes. Gong Yoo supremacy METTA YES I see it now lmao the cop? Chef kiss The masked man? Hottie I would stream for you rn They’re that hot someone without a MacBook pls Did you finish it? good cause Drew gets over excited and might spoil He’s an eager puppy Do you know it cause I hate they can’t hear through the system but only from my audio You’d be a lifesaver if that’s the case WHAT sangwoo is hot he’s an asshole but he’s a hot one It’s sangwoo losing the glasses and never struggling for me he really said I can do this blind PRI GRACIAS I can’t give my honest review without going into details but the goal isn’t the problems, it’s the means. cause it usually repeats they don’t ever do something new You build up on it ,img gong yoo :catlick: Asians don’t raisin ❤️ It’s the skin. He has normal lines but no deep wrinkles oh no Metta finish the damn show so we can discuss I’m tired He looks like Keanu Reeves Korean and subs The voices were so distorted I tried it and then I heard a high pitch voice for one of the men and I was !?!!?!! bro no the way I still luck out from not getting the full effect because of translation issues fuck English they really did my home girl wrong too the translation on her part? Wack. Her character? Wack. Justice for my girl. NOT HER METTA crazy lady with the giant smoke pills That one. Justice for her. They ruined her dialogue with the translations and I’m mad Oh mood the parallels 💋 That wasn’t sex, that was power play at its finest I loved the flashing lights scene, it was the best rave I’ve ever been to lmao he really smoked the cigs from her hoo-hah I mean, sexuality and education isn’t a bad thing. I’d def maybe ease them into it and have convos but kids knowing about stuff isn’t bad In my experience, those who are more vocal and have these discussions are less interested at a young age because it’s not taboo or something they do behind parents back my friends: oh, I learned from tv what this is like so im gonna sneak out and experiment.
me: I know all about it and I don’t care. Bye I need info on that last part. Is this an actual statistic cause I’d love to read on the factors Bet, i will finish the show with you say less Ping when it’s time OOOO Go annoying, sucky boss. You did one good thing! Wait I forgot it’s Wednesday lmao God overnights kill me I slept from 9-12 Then I did errands, came back to watch train to Busan and now I’m here I’m lucky I even got the 3. No, I’m off today and school tomorrow :) on Friday again. 4 days, off, school, work 1. Is my week schedule rn Don’t be nurse Too early. Sleep now and I’ll be up by 2am again The way I’m kill for a 10am shift Fancyyyyy I’ve heard of it unless this is unrelated I just know the name lol I like the current one more It looks futuristic too like I said, fancy omg Sara is joining? Bless. Solid company Do you know the show? Repeat watch or first timer? I would react but I’m gonna be doing *things* so I’ll just hop on when I got time. Thanks though I like the bright I prefer this, the current one second, the the other one last I dim everything down when I enjoy bright I use dark mode for my sanity but if I could fix the display so it’s not as… glow-y it would be best. It’s not that it’s bright but vivid for me that’s what triggers migraines Add me to that but don’t ping me it’s the fun Cool Pri what time are you usually up? Without commitments? You wake up at 7-8pm? After going to sleep at noon? Yeah, I can’t. I’m always up early no matter how much I don’t sleep Full 8hrs lmao Ever since I was…. 12? I’ve only had 4hrs sleep. That’s my norm it’s a fun life. She can be my friend lol is there a difference in how you feel? I can try to sleep longer but I don’t feel rested. I don’t get jet lag Longest I’ve ever been on the plain is 6ish hours and with a connector And I’ve been fine I get the opposite. Wake up and think it’s been 5 hours and it was 20 mins Lmao She can be my best friend. We’ll just chat when the world is asleep Live reaction took place. It was amazing He’s one of us now the ending yeah it’s open movie night Anyone can join Just go to pins and react to Mara’s post to be pinged when it’s time 👀 What are the updates? Damn, I can see why you’re super excited about this. I recently started playing and I’m excited for this to be my experience! the hottest guy is working at this shop I’m eating outside of and boyyyyyyy if I was alone… bet fae LMAO fae: I’m ready for the milkshakes!
booty everywhere
fae: ….. r u srs? Nope BABY PLS FAE think for a second… men…. dogs…. barking…. *whistles* omfg the brain was not computing lol teaching us that men ain’t shit since young I’m totally kidding yup my favorite is watching people dance around to Hey Ya and not listening to the lyrics 😭😭😭😭 not again it’s a sad song it’s basically supposed to paint a pretty picture with its upbeat music but it’s about being unhappy and masking it yup YUP wild shit oh yeah this one is bad my other favorite is the debate if Mr. Brightside is a fictional scenario The Killers? you must’ve maybe not know it’s it link never works for me. Can you post a screenshot? why is the HT LI’s headshot so large You scroll down and it’s BOOM, in yo face lmao I can’t find them 😅😅 I am trying so hard rn He doesn’t look sad?? yeah that’s what they do Abyss was gonna start WW3 ranking ALL of them You haven’t played a lot of books but I respect the ones you’ve played tbh This tier is solid I like your diversity I’m binge watching You s3. Oh how I’ve missed you Joe. OMG IS THIS NOT THE WILDEST SEASON? Also…. Theo ❤️ I’m a Theo stan they can save them but sometimes only accessible to subs If you’re not a sub, you only see live Money things The ones that I watch post for their subs on twitch and have a YouTube channel where they put it up Best of both worlds. Subs can interact on the actual twitch channel but fans can enjoy the entire segment I felt the same but then I realized -in the one person I watch scenario- subs get opportunities to play with the streamer + friends, giveaways, etc Makes it fair for your money. Pretty sure it’s under $10 which many would consider a steal I agree. At my age, it’s not worth it. If I was 14 and didn’t know why to do with the monthly money my parents gave me? Sure. Why not. my parents gave me a monthly allowance Think of it as a little courtesy tip for all my traumas Believe me… I was not tightly compensated my dad wasn’t very there when I was young since he was providing for the fam so that was his way of making things feel ok then he left and it was like a… I didn’t leave *you* 😂 I got a dollar Lost enough teeth for some fancy dessert VIP then upcoming/ongoing wow, I love being a bad bitch What are the new features?? FINALLY THE SHAREPLAY I did see that. Not sure why people need it lol Sounds like kids pretending they’re where they are kind of feature I’m going to Google the safari update cause idk if I have it oh is that where the tab is the same color as page I like that Helps remembering what I opened what with. Damn, not many things I don’t have :/ but I’m always happy to update It’s to make android users feel left out I know it’ll work great on young people Imagine being in middle school and you’re the only Android of your friends so now you can’t join their calls? The only reason I switched to Apple cause for the device compatibility. I loved sharing my files across devices for work/school. That’s it. Didn’t care about the brand or anything now I own iPhone, MacBook Pro, and soon to be Apple Watch 💀 random change of topic But I LEAVE WORK IN 1.5 HOURS woooooooo! anyways, back to Apple yes. software is great I had an HP for 9 years and that shit lasted for so long. My MacBook is holding strong after 4. We shall see MacBook screens suck though. Slight damage and suddenly the graphics are all wonky I don’t celebrate before I walk out cause in the hospital things can change fast but I’m feeling good rn…..



Famous last words. iPad sounds great, but it just isn’t for me sounds great to doodle on but that’s spoiled of me I’m mad. I wanted to get the new iPhone but it’s back ordered til December. I told myself that’s fine, I’ll get an Apple Watch instead ITS BACK ORDERED TO DECEMBER TOO They just don’t want me giving them all my money Presale was to receive it in October. Demands was so high they are making sales now to December Apple Watch would help me so much at work. Some scrubs have tiny pockets so having the Watch to answer texts and calls is great plus I want to grt back to exercising and it’ll motivate me to link with my friends and be competitive since that’s the only way I exercise 😂😂 I order from Apple 99.9% of the time since their device coverage thing works best that way. I decided to try and having my phone carrier since j want the watch with GPS+cellular but they didn’t have the watch I want And to upgrade I use phone carrier Right!!! Apple care all the way I left Pri and Metta talking about Apple Care and return to Pri trying to scare half of spl into leaving No one ever expects you to read the ToS is there to cover their asses. So smart but dumb on their end. ToS was always there. Just doing a reminder blurb to added changes doesn’t change anything that they already know. Or us If I was them, I’d have a bigger problem with someone watermarking their copyright vs the ones sharing. they know, they wouldn’t care for what I think. untouchable type of mentality PRI GO TO BED. And sleep. are you nervous for tomorrow? sounds like it If you can’t sleep, just lay in bed with your eyes closed. You won’t get a full rest like sleep but it’s better to calm the body down and relax so you get some kind of rest staying on your phone will keep the brain stimulated which will lead to you feeling tired during the day worrying just means you care Did you study hard? Satisfied with what you did? Why is it coming separately lmao Then you have me with an Apple Watch in my cart on Oct 28 and it won’t arrive til Dec 16 rip I love online shopping but only from credible places If I get a gut feeling from a website, even if my friends and family bought from them, I won’t shop. It took me so long to trust Venmo and online retail (clothes) Amazon is amazing. 100/10 Never had a bad experience I can rave about Nike/Best Buy and their services on black friday Totally my go-to spots what does you being 20 have to do with anything lol also, does the other person have to have Mario Party for this to work??! Happy birthday Bel!! ❤️ I read this fine and it’s such a mood Look up Brad Mondo’s tutorials! Makes it look very easy with step by step instructions! must me nice I do the same all the time but some aren’t good with bangs so I trust myself and my sister only lol unless I pay big bucks for professionals Wispy is the best! I call them peek-a-boo bangs I’m in this weird state of tired and ok. Barely got any sleep after work so I’m just hazy nah, thank god. Off until the weekend I only got 2hrs if sleep. It’s cause I’m waiting for this damn appointment I guess my body doesn’t want to miss it I still have class and hw in between but doing those in my bed beats the commute to work haha! Happy Diwali! May the world bless Pri and I with some good sleep tonight Yay! I hope you enjoy the goodies Ethan Jonah Ramsey ™️ @Akuna Matata It varies with people, but more often than not light colored eyes are more sensitive to light. I forgot the entire science behind it but pretty sure its cause we lack the pigmentation so we don't reflect it well you suffer like me. I'm assuming your eyes are hazel.. which is the more dominant of colors? my eyes are dominantly green but I got the yellow, brown, black specs in there. blue is random for me, not very often mine change with my mood and more/less prominent with what I wear we love a mood ring bitch LMAO color eyes + rbf gang gang Large tooth comb is best for curly, long hair (aka me). It’s less damaging and actual hair tear. If your hair is better damp to do so, use detanglers that way you save yourself from dry, itch scalp and also less washing that also leads to damage Changing the way you wash your hair and how you care for your hair during sleep all helps but I’m gonna be 100% honest.. that shit only fixes 15% of my problems lol. It’s better than nothing tho all hail superbee 🐝 ❤️ I work during this change my 12hr shift will now be 13hrs its getting so cold too quick I don't want snow :( we've hit 35 already' we just got here nah we had the small fall of wintry mix and I got so sad I was not ready to feel some hail No bueno only thing I like about this weather is the still air very peaceful I never played any of these games. I don’t any of these characters. Wtf does this mean oh that’s so fitting but like… I want a man that puts me in my place 😭 its pee :) pee would've been better :PikaShrug: ITS JAMESON GOSH :ShyBowLeaveBye: i cannot do this rn I did not sign up to educate people on liquor I love the bitter IPA c o w a r d s they trippin or you know, fun science classes @Metta once again, I am disappointed by people. .img sagwa .img chinese cat dwklmaFNSjzgc deceased voltra is expanding METTA DOESN'T KNOW??? YOU TOLD ME AND NOT METTA??? love THAT for me you heard it here folks, I give expert advice on having safe fun! also.... wild shit fun but thats on the DL NOT AGAIN vroom vroom outta here me: *ignores people for weeks*
voltra: so there's this thing on friday....
me: *resurrects* AYOOO SHE CAUGHT ON QUICK ⏰ :belvoire_alert_siren: its the pick me mentality :BANWhistle: ayo who boutta snitch on voltra? I will throw hands. YOU TELL EM DAYSHAWN good we need this energy voltra.... that waterfall in this context ooooooops this is the worst thing that has ever been starboard I AM SICK gotta be at least 60 he's foxy ??????? this chat is going somewhere cursed control yaselves swiper being 10 is my villain origin story AYO NO BACK TF UP THE WINTER SOLDIER IS MINE WE BEEN KNEW someone call the cops cause he's killing all the ladies.. pow pow "scar fish guy" PLS THAT IS SO RUDE LMAO the summary of this chat is someone making a comment and megasimp being confused there hasn't been a single topic that hasn't been explained lmao Why did you drop Pete Wentz in the chat What did I miss they sound fun metta stfu lmao Happy early birthday!!! I am ignoring all my hw responsibilities and instead I am watching all my favorite childhood movies Cheaper by the Dozen ✔️ 
The Parent Trap ✔️ send recs lmao ELF OMG TRU flushed what? did that one already! but not today I made my cousin experience it for the first time and she loved it ...... I never fully watched that one I know what happens and people in it but don't think I've sat down from start to finish perfect timing on my end how have you spoiled yourself? did it switch on its own or did you have an update? ah, ok. I was gonna say I've been updated for a while but its the v2.8.9. figured if it hasn't since the slow roll out, won't be getting 👀 uhhhh LOL fo sho Kara lmao I love her for saying that no fucks given my kinda girl OLIVIA IN WAKE THE DEAD THE CROSSOVER PLS kara just fantasizing shit hahahaha Maxwell in Sunkissed ksldjfhg not the "Hero 2" in the chat this is so funny to me people wildin begging for sequels at the end of a new book won't win it who.... didn't know how to say nevrakis? the way its spelled metta gtfo DREW WTF BRO WHAT HOW ARE YOU ALL WRONG THANK YOU FAE THE BRAINS ON MY CHILD who and where confirmed that? we are literally talking about the livestream headass no, someone in the chat drew pls does it look like metta is? ys. and yes. yeah bitcoin their ass bartie's age sl;dkfjgh someone's brain is all screwy too metta: how old is this child
metta, again: how old is this person.
metta, taking last breath: ...... how old.... is.... it not you causing another earthquake in cali idk why someone hasn't said they wanted to drop kick the bratty kids. lmao. I def would've let my heir go off I love how everyone got boo'd up except Madeline. the poor girl hunny, become the auntie nah, Madeleine and Drake :) OMG MY QUESTION BRO ITS MY TIME TO SHINE that was such a non-committal answer metta quoted them wrong "the question that has been asked many times, will there be a spin-off"
them: we want to be transparent, we don't have plan for a spin off right now. we won't say.... but for now this is it" so..... technically. they said that for the diamond-modded books people didn't treat right. this book isn't the same and you know it TNA is their child now that TRR retired. They don't have to visit it its a secret weapon I feel or, just not get invested? I'm vibing and having a great time I like shit, I don't mind shit. just here no its going ok but for olivia x amalas.... I know people will drop BARRIE SDLFKJGH LMAO I know someone whose dog is named Barrie it was v cute cameo wait we had the option to exile madeline? OPEN HEART WEDDING SALKDJFHG PLS MAKE IT this livestream is giving me life rn no Surrender will be AMAZING. I will write it myself if I have to 30 4 30 decode it. ok kara, I feel bad for her. she really spitting the tea on their exhaustion fuck people wolf bride sequel.... L M A O bro, this IG fan base is hilarious. I gotta talk to them "fall across the finish line" see, mama Lu knows. I said it, time and time again. walmart brand of the teletubbies baby how rude https://tenor.com/view/teletubbies-sun-happy-gif-4710140 its.... dipsy ask better questions Metta jk :) drew... *sigh* down. the twins become friends with the heir and all say screw old money, we wanna be working class people and go ruin Ethan's life he names his kids- Eden and Brooke its destiny new game, let’s not mention Rashon when talking about nitro I love and miss my boo everyday ❤️ he said my child only deserves the best milk bussin Imma stop you right there Aaron pls bet Try and stop me boo 💋 I skimmed but…. a lot of that was ironic and I’m just laughing in the dm’s Think Facebook is lacking depends on the page She’s the main character I said what I said lmao facts I honestly can close my eyes and pick a random emoji and have like a 80% success rate of choosing the one MLF will use in her next post Why does Chris looks like an awkward Brittany Snow Fee-nah-leh Period who? What’s a comma? who hard stops nowadays I didn’t know Garrus was so hot wtf Smolder away daddy Your first sentence has four words lmfao I’ll still take it. I like older men anyways Wrinkle some more daddy vroom vroom in before someone takes my wish of a NASCAR book ain’t nothing basic bout nascar we love that shit there’s an offer for buying one and getting one free not sure what the criteria is but look into it! I always take advantage of sales I have one I have to remove Trying to plan some time off so I can recover ain’t no way I’m going to be in pain or taking care of others with a hole in my gums lol that all sounds gross jfc I’m not ready I’ve never been put under Last time I had a tooth removed was for my braces and it was local Fae goddamn are you 60 years old? what problem did you have OH That sounds really dramatic FAE LMAO I WAS LIKE THEY WENT UP YOUR BUTT FOR THAT??? wtf I prep people on my floor all the time 😭 I have to argue with them and then clean their mess up Celebrate when they go clear and hope they keep it up before procedure this one guy had to drink 4 containers…. I told them no that they shouldn’t make him do all that he drank 1.5 💀 that was a win in my book cause he didn’t drink any with anyone else lmao They called me in the morning and asked if he was clear…
Me: Imma be honest with you chief, he ain’t even soft…. I have so many my title rn is COVID queen Yup We are supposed to assign patients to a nurse that is doable. If the patient’s are “heavy” it means we need less patient’s because they take extra long. Well, I got two COVID which means gown up completely, do everything and then leave but x2. Heavy enough and then they have me two other patient’s, one that was already a heavy and gave them to me lmao. I didn’t complain because I find it ok but I def could’ve swapped. The unit manager looks at the assignment during shift change and she goes “Lu, why the hell didn’t you tell us you were doubled up on heavy’s” https://tenor.com/view/lauren-london-gif-18603761 No I don’t have to and I don’t want it tbh Moderna is the most effective so I’m chilling Yeah, I read up on them before and I felt confident on that one Fortunate for me, I know others didn’t have a choice I was highly selective. Here, we signed up through the state website and then they pull up a list for all facilities doing them and it listed date, time, location and type. So I made the arrangements I’ve heard the same. My coworkers had minimal symptoms with booster Good luck babe! Enjoy the yummy food after Loveeee Thai I had Japanese yesterday SHIT. You’re gonna take the best food nap bitch same here I hate all of it ALSO NO PARKING I am dropping big bucks and for what? To walk? Mood. I always said living in Boston would make me a skinny bitch cause I would bike everywhere But the winter’s with snow? Fuck that. I ain’t walking. PRI per year?! PLS It’s just where we live. Other states are super cheap but you gotta sacrifice you’re gonna pay less, cause everything is less pricey, and you’re prob gonna be in the middle of nowhere Pennsylvania is a good state. I loved the open fields and seclusion of living deep in a forest area but all stuff were 35-40 mins away. Food, hospital, etc So beautiful Ohio is a little less beautiful but more busy lots of condos imagine every morning you  catch your boss picking up the morning paper and scratching his butt I would move. I’ve always commuted to work so I’ve never had that problem Although, I def saw a lot of my professors everywhere does he try to get you back 😂 how kind of him damn! Any time I run into old bosses they ask me how my new job is It’s like a * measuring contest me: you can have me if you give me perks My benefits rn are super good though. I’m getting paid the most I’ve ever had (my new grad rate is higher than seasoned nurses elsewhere), my entire BSN is free (no tuition, no books, no fees). There’s no overtime cap as long as your scheduled hours is legal. The employees medical plan is average cost for a decent company. I’ve transferred my 401k from previous jobs which I already invested 7ish years in. In terms of matching, it was pretty spot on. Percentages were a little bit more in my favor here so I keep more in my paycheck but I think get about $10 in difference could be better but I would’ve cried it the percentages went down the drain, even with all that I’m making Roth IRA baby The way I see it, a country that offers you greater success is a potential risk for a great downfall. you win some, you lose others. In my ethics course, we talked about how humans lack imagination. We can talk about a perfect world but make no work towards it because many truly don’t think it’s achievable. We also learn through racial habits  to be competitive. If I’m good, you’re bad. There’s no room for us both to be important or valued. some solid shit I made peace with the fact that I’m prob gonna be a horrible parent because I’m destroying all my parent’s/culture values and power dynamics. My kids are gonna suffer with my trial and error but I don’t want them to experience half of what I did. Even if it did make me stronger kids don’t gotta prove they’re strong. Lol, my cousin’s hate me cause they want to be me and my siblings and I all have our own battles. If you think I’m a bitch to you here? Speak to my family. Way more ruthless with them pls this is me 100% I’m glad I was taught at an early age about the scam of loans I’m living stress free on that regard. It’s hazing IIRC I’ve read on it before we have hazing all the time Someone in a frat died over the weekend at some novice “fight night” held for charity He was only 20. we didn’t haze, we just dared a dumb bitch and the dumb hoe would 😂 cliques are everywhere if we’re being honest wow, how amazing I have all three I truly peaked at life 🙄 “Excellent student” and “disruptive” I did all my work but make jokes. Sounds like me . I saw this post and it sent me listen Twitter confessionals from colleges is where it’s at If you ever want to laugh or be ashamed of others boy I’ve read that stuff since they were made YOU ARE MISSING OUT it’s the after hooking up for me Why are they one liners? You need the penned posts like actual essay ones they’re so wild BABY It’s sex lingo we gotta move to cursed Metta wtf That’s not second base? Did I move too fast? I’ve only known the way I know Check cursed Why are your schools on YouTube? I’m ready for these next 12hrs Pri, this is a great night for some random streaming to keep me awake @Priyudi LMAO wait Pri I meant like later I’m working but need to be up til 7am LMAO disappointed I feel like you would’ve crashed eggnog is delicious coquito is my shit we spice it liquor + eggnog + cinnamon red for bows
green for trees
yellow for bells what colors am I missing bro I am stumped for orange they're bronzed tho I want something more matchy OOO ' MAZIE carrot cake is yummmm and such a holiday one oh its def a go to dessert mettta por favor estamos hablanda sobre los dias de fiestas mistletoe is more christmas tho, trees are natural si bebe lmao I am curious kinda want to try it kinda concerned mazie really just likes evil lol we need bartie on a bell :pixelbartie: make it happen Bel @Belbercike boy this is christmas themed fireeeeeee chaos loveeeee lies you I did give a good idea bartie on a bell the colors were chef kiss winter themes for roles/colors vs holiday since it's more inclusive aww, feel better! hope it passes quick LMAO wait I thought it was a cold aslkdfjgh but I feel you, that is rough P migraines are the worst bless you 😃 Mara sneezes like my dad its ok nah, you'd like me more or hate me depends on the day Mara for sure is sick. she's getting soft on me sleep shhh... no one saw move on. I am ready to put this year behind me I need that negativity away fromme 2022 will be MY YEAR. THERE WE GO THAT IS THE ENERGY I WANT mazie          me
            🤝 
thriving in 2022 and you as well. everyone should have a year of all years my mobile bank app updated and now I have this huge dollar bill that pops up after I do a transaction same feeling as when I submitted an assignment and got the celebration on canvas not my fave but they’re ok for a quick snack when you were a kid faking you to think it was just as a good as a pizza I am not the biggest of fans but I give credit where it’s at and they’re super talented and entertaining there’s this one contestant on the voice that came from a musical background and let me tell you I’m glad he beat out a lot of people He was just so FUN Yes ofc never again will I use text talk. I hate it here That was so rude of my phone 🤡 That’s who Idina Menzel played right? gotcha, yeah. I’ve heard great things about those who can handle Send me the goods. I love voices oh really? shame Ryan gets it :pixelbartie: His actual nightmare nothing new, I see this being done at my local Olive Garden they take their artistry to a new level @DaHomieDrew omg also, the clip of Corpse and Sykkuno playing among us and go on their friend date lives in my head rent free I like abrasive Toast being soft for Sykkuno I have to find the clip but sykkuno went on a trip and was coming back Someone on Toast’s stream was like “did you check on Sykkuno? He came back today” and he goes off. “Sykkuno is a grown man! He doesn’t need to be babied! But yes, I did check on him” Skdjsjsmdbsjd Why are there so many super junior variations I share my Spotify with my niece they didn’t have to do us like this 😂 omg no she’s a teenager lol well, young adult 100% me I told you I made it happen. :) You might need to update Mine didn’t register til I did it was it worth it I’ll try but it’s not looking good. Stay safe We have a mass no burn law rn people burn the leaves up but we’re not allowed to because the pollution will be harsh for the environment and we’re struggling with drought Wow, your mom likes Demi Lovato? What a queen :kek: I was kidding Pri 💀 That 10% gonna bite you on the butt not surprised, just disappointed Demi is soooo talented As a person, they're quite questionable, but boy their vocal abilities oh, thank you for the reminder. I forgot this was shared ❤️ sorry for that. how pricey are their concerts? as talented as they are, never thought about seeing them live but it would be a good time. I'd screech along to their lyrics oh, I would guess Mara would be the first to say that Wikipedia is a shit source but then do this to make you feel seriously crazy Mara: don't use it.
Wikipedia agrees with her:
Mara: well, people have to get it right sometimes. TRAP QUEEN BABY I’M LIKE HEY WHATS UP HELLO I love being a singular tree it’s a dream I didn’t know I had but it’s now been achieved 🌲 ❤️ O H Damn We’re sturdy and offer a lot of shade Such givers we are I didn’t do it, so credit to the person who snuck it in lol I want to die. nurse lyfe Don’t do it folks work thursday is school I bought myself a sleep mask and it’s so comfy. Can’t wait to test this bad boy out Drake is somewhere smirking rn don’t do that not at all surprised what did it for you? The alcoholism The smolder The sarcasm Not a bad point. He was just too attractive for me to say no what in the spin-off Do you mean the opposite I was like ???!??!!? weird flex you do you babe lol don't mind us Metta and I are just arguing dsKAJFhb we are being sneaky but it's not going so well rn LMAO sneaky sneak gotta keep some mystery :heheadrian: if you go to the web place there should be a download link or use a not-so old school email :) Mara wasn’t there for my karaoke on PCF They should kick Carlos for being a trump supporter Logan LMAO Logan got looks, talent and the funny Worldwide the song that goes ALL THE WINDOWS WOOO HOOO WHEN I'M GOING THROUGH YOUR TOWN WOOO HOOO SAYING YEAH EH YEAH lmao thank you. Your backyard friends the backyardigans… together, in the the backyard again! In the place where we belong
Where we'll probaly sing a song
And we'll maybe dance along 🎵 someone decided to call me out on this fine day Y’all just ain’t letting the gays breathe today Bel, you should’ve made your move btw. Respectfully. Baby, they can’t put me out of business like that. I read this as “any good money” lol Clearly I’m delirious after my fourth overnight shift damn, the way I wanted to scam that bald headed bitch. you go girls! maybe that is just from received results don't have to make it a platform war. the poll is right there in the screenshot but you named the fanbase you don't like... that is what I'm saying. yeah, the comments are all about the newsletter which is funny Robyn really said ✨ variety ✨ Bboi must be playing TRR1. they struggling I should help them find the way my good deed she needs to re-phrase that comment I'm not getting it lol OH FACTS BITCH shawty can go off the christian grey comments are so stupid. y'all ain't watch the movie right if you think that's what's happening in these books que? das me @Priyudi I like the wish they were LI comp so many hidden gems originality babe imma be the first to say it Horatio was my first. I was like, the man bartends, is sweet, and can make me laugh> *enters Metta* https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-breathe-in-boi-gif-16177880 "Carter" Imma say it for my lesbians..... poppy. will it be just a big one or mini ones cause I think 90% of the books has at least one of them I think we basically had the same format I said it #📮discord-suggestions-and-requests I like the 1v1 though makes it easier If you put Aurora and Olivia in one, it would be easier to pick one vs Aurora, Olivia, Carter, and Gaius (had to for Mara lmao) I foresee the future and someone dropping Dracula. I feel it in my bones. :) no, you misunderstood. it's easier two good people vs multiple good ones. yeah, the point is to rule them all out but it's more accurate that way VIP LI's feelings real hurt rn lmao I agree with that we've had fave LI polls before right? not a massive but like a here and there I think OH it was reddit I think the link was shared here reminds me, I gotta still teach you the update when do you want it it's real nice makes it fun again today, tomorrow, thursday & the weekend but late if Saturday cause I work Friday night time sucks, literally just ping me online or not pretty much lol can't wait for confused, angry noises I spoke for you aw, ethan ❤️ BABY I AM SO HAPPY FOR YOU I know you’re super stressed so I’m glad this is one less off your workload Me rn but haven’t ate not sure what to make don’t wanna go junk today but I just might not feeling 100 I’m feeling soup delicious pls That sounds so good but I don’t make it gonna find someone to deliver Lies I supported you. That shit was funny That wasn’t what was said but sure Well deserved. Scary channel for my spooky queens and kings The bathroom one were good too the first few The other ones were a bit ridiculous I approve this message amen to that :breakdance: Frat :) SHALISSAAA LMAO that vine will be the end of me anyone tell you look like Beyoncé?  No Lmfao Mazie! isn’t this spammy too? I don’t get it so were the yassss The yasssss cause they said things impact, really :zyessir: Now that surrender released we gotta take bets how far TNA3 will go they def gotta step up omg me and mini me Do you mean with the foreclosing? Do you have a Mac? hm that’s weird. The only glitches I get of that variety is if I play on my phone and Bluestacks. It’ll ask server vs device load to remember what was last played so be mindful of which you choose so, you finished ch6 but have to replay it now? Is that what you’re saying. it should’ve prompted It always asks me so server is mobile. Device is Bluestacks if you finished on Bluestacks and want to continue from there, always do device. If you want to reset to what you last did on mobile, mobile is the way to go That sucks but now you know! I once reset an entire book lmao Hi :xBabySmile: It’s easier to just play on Bluestacks (inconvenient cause I also play choices on my phone when on the road). So your choice, if you’re good at keeping track what book you played and which device, you can load progress right with the risk of a random glitch. It’s up to you Np! Gotta help you get to completionist inconsiderate fucks continue to play, maybe you find some secrets You've got a lot of females on your list. Is it purely who you find the most attractive sprite wise? if their personality sucks? We got a lot in common. funny enough, I think we'd disagree on females if I went by your rules :kek: I think I'd go more Hispanic off the top of my head damn I have yet to play it ALSO yeah Mara's uncompleted are my completed and her completed and my uncompleted ksDJFhzg what a duo :yyay: ,img sterling archer Hot my hallucinating patients look exactly like that 2+2x10^8-5 never too much math math will live forever I'm fire. One of the best times I’ve had watching a movie at a theater was a midnight streaming. Multiply that by 50! I did fan night for the release of Endgame! I had actual shivers. When Cap picked up the shield? EVERYONE lost it. 😂 I have to watch Harry Potter and Star Wars same Wanna do it together? It’s the only way I will I haven’t watched the last Spider-Man movie 💀 gotta catch up Fae don’t mess around with streaming :O Metta Go back to a theater Omg yeah. I could have a 5 course meal before going to see a movie and still get popcorn I swear I have a second stomach just for popcorn Pri It’s Saturday did you miss-schedule are you not gonna study during the evening? if you say so what is that? what did it read that surprised you Aaron, in the communal room 😂 Love it which frat boy did this lmao Dairy Queen overcooked my fries :( They have some good ass fries wtf Some locations. Mine is full studded meals and everything :) They prob make their tenders like McDonald’s do so idc if I eat them, I can eat theirs fast food chain yeah Is this a good or bad reaction lmao do you want some? If you want some bomb milkshakes… JP Licks Won’t regret. Y’all don’t eat ice cream at a restaurant so how does that not make it a fast food company ?? it’s not the primary focus and you know it … name a fast food chain without some kind of ice cream dessert They have ice cream donut little cinnamon thing uh, no actually. Just popcorn before we eat lol But mine is super far so I don’t go frequently enough or eat in you don’t get popcorn at yours??? 99’s and Applebees give us popcorn Massachusetts A YANKEE LMFAO Arby’s, we have the meats!!! That I haven’t done I wanna go to a sonic tho. I always wanted to skate around and server# people ???!!!! Wtf was that lmao It said Emo boy 😭😭😭 bless you 🧻 (I didn’t have tissues lmao) mop it up I watched a video where four men talked about how they wiped Shit killed me you work at Taco Bell? how’s that? Is it like the 24hr ones or more restaurant looking wait, I thought staff rotated?? is that not a thing… Chik Fil A chicken biscuit sandwich. God tier. I know they’re bad, but food is good. I ate them so much when I first started eating there that I was turned off for a while. Like 8 months of me not eating a hash brown they give you so much cause they’re minis So much damage Honey on top YUMMMM not a fan of Cinnabon. It smells good but makes my stomach sick thinking of all the sugar Pizza Hut $10 box meals tho We had the restaurant back when I was a little girl. Full salad bar and everything. Best thing was eating in They tore many of them down, now it’s like a quick stop place :( Did you know this is discontinued lol Idk, cause they’re hits but they stopped maybe like a year or two ago Pretty recent. Before COVID. Yeah Wait, I love that. Your mom is a G I have yet to do it but I gotta ,img iron age Wow. I wanna eat here too I gotta drive all the way to Maryland if I want this imma have to say… not anytime soon. Metta wants me over there so bad you know the chaos I’d cause? I’m learning how to. I know a few areas but out of state gets messy plus it’s so cold so I’d hate to wait between what did you have in mind for destination? They just said fuck the East cost lmao I get it. I like this though, I’ll look into it As much as I wanna do cross country, I’m gonna plan for a trip to Europe instead is this the one we talked about before cause yes! I’m too young and too female to do self guided lmao I’m peak, missing white girl age. My top three places are:
- Greece
- Thailand
- France but France can literally be swapped for anything else along the way OH JAPAN. really wanna see Tokyo Europe is just more plausible now Madrid just cause they have a different culture Eating dinner close to midnight? Bro. My stomach I know. My friend did it for her honeymoon and she told me the ways she went about ugh I love that. Love seeing people live the life I wanna live Raised in an island. Mosquitos won’t stop me, even if I’m allergic lol. In my home, we had bats flying over our heads into the house. Lizards and iguanas on the ceiling, fire ants and centipedes crawling on the grounds. You learn to not give a damn. The green spiral thing you burn. I know lmao I was waiting for you to say it I see someone pull that out and I laugh There’s this really good tea tree oil that I put on ny bug bites that’s literally magic Stinks really bad but boy does it do the job it’s for after not before, Metta. You live in Florida?? def didn’t picture that :) I pictured Georgia lol I’ve been to Florida many times but not the good parts. Gotta change that zaddy where is he from and why haven't I had him gotta play that shit he and Hugh are nice :( .img hugh could be worse on the plain side but I can take it WAIT WHY DOES HE HAVE BROWN EYES that's not the same blueeeeee pretty lips.... aren't you tired of men? no? ok. don't gotta tell me twice still love em. I cannot possibly begin to understand what you just said lol clearly I haven't heard of it never cared for her tbh no you both can fuck me, won't change my mind. <--- here is the case ---> there is the point exactly never better she's aight she's never going to be freed, but we can hope for her to be happier and more in charge of her life. Bel, do you understand the emotional and psychological trauma she's faced? Honey needs years of therapy to be better and she just got removed from her dad's influence. Not the media's, or other family member's. that is why I said I hope she's happier and more in control of her life. she won't heal til very long. I know, it's why I explained. I'm glad Jamie Lynn seems to have shut up. I just don't like how it ended lol any show that makes the "live your life or choose your crush" trope just rubs me the wrong way. she's a major pick me bitch rn it's just with the Britney stuff people said she's her dad's minion and she went the victim route so fast change of topic but I read three trashy ass books in 3 days it's been my bedtime routine. you don't wanna know lol just very quick, trashy reads. think I've read over 6k pages in less than 72hrs per book HERE IT IS: Alpha (1), Beta (2), & Omega (3). it's not ABO. promise. the titles are just labels it's Mafia cliche really want me to answer that? Everett- Alpha
Ethan - Beta
Reagan - Omega I can go into it if anyone cares, trashy mafia. depending on my mood, I can switch Ethan and Reagan. I linked my library card to Libby so now I got all these books to read from the comfort of my bed best thing ever my goal is for my nightshifts to feel faster weekend. I'm off tomorrow too since I did a quick turn last week and they prob felt bad On tuesday, wednesday, saturday with my student, and then sunday. the weekend after that I have my student every day Excited that they are this confident in me. Nervous cause I'm shaping a new nurse. Eager to prove myself. There's one thing about me that I love, I'm one of those people who aren't scared of asking questions. I will question anything- you, my parents, a damn doctor who's team I'm working on, my boss... if I got a question, I will ask. Don't care if you think I'm dumb for doing it. So, I am happy to share that with my student. Those questions save lives. totally my questions are for clarification mostly. ran the concept, read the order, used my policy manuals and now clarified. you can't be handheld in the health field. you won't survive omg mood this attending one chewed out an interim in front of me he asked him about some medication effect on the body and he went for the book info and the attending looked at him dead in the eyes and said "quit the bullshit, don't regurgitate the information. right now explain it to me, simple, or tell me you don't know and I'll explain" I would've found it sexy if it wasn't for the arrogant way he said it. arrogance is not sexy, confidence is. they won't *understand* it doctor 's can suck. I had a pt literally code, a nurse and myself were there helping him return to consciousness, and he was scared. doctor came in to check him out and he reached out to grab their arm, to *feel* in the midst of his fear, and she brushed off his arm and stepped away. a fucking cunt. I almost said something to her... he literally died. he is scared & alone. comfort him you cunt. just overall useless people everywhere working for paychecks mhm all the important stuff are pricey lol Try to buy some strawberries or potatoes. I prioritize fruits and veggies. More things I can cook with them vs eggs Sexy He looks like an actor Who am I thinking of- OH. HE LOOKS LIKE CHACE CRAWFORD WITHOUT THE HAIR ugh chace. Dream pie my job is giving all employees a fleece jacket (very expensive one) for employee appreciation. I just want a raise fam. *salivates* bel doesn't have an iphone what is this sorcery Our love is forever engraved in the server @Bee Aggressive 🚓 he gives me a solid 5’10 energy. Like tall enough but you know he puffs his chest out if a 6 footer walks by name a tall female MC Kenna. I think she’s a proud 5’5. And yes, that’s tall for me cause I’m short asf I picture BB MC 5’3. It fits her feisty-ness again, that’s taller than me This is so pleasing to my eyes It’s really just…. Coordinated YAY BABE congrats!!! AARON! AARON! AARON! GO BEST FRIEND! THAT’S MY BESTIE Metta is quaking rn Crying, shaking, throwing up… All I feel is pain I keep getting more women than I’d like @Priyudi I am voting but it removes my vote is this something on your end or mine I didn’t romance Sonia and she was in more than half the scenes being flirty of all non-LI’s, she ranks Ethan level of treatment I’m totally joking. Metta *sigh* :ethonk: If someone loves me, they’d edit this Ethan emote and remove the sliver of white border It triggers tf out of me This is why I love Fae & Metta :bearroseheartjump: My hospital is giving me an appreciation expensive ass sweater and now my unit is giving us customized Cardiac expensive ass sweater they somehow found out I love sweaters and are just shoving them into my arms lol that’s not a play on words, you just named your son speaking of MJ Anyone watching the new Spider-Man? Yeah, my friend’s are blowing up the gc with spoiler talks lol They keep telling me to not read it 😂 lmao COFFAE LMAO I love it in a swipe of a finger, all their words are visible mwuahahaha wait you don’t know that?? I thought you were being silly https://tenor.com/view/themoreyouknow-more-know-gif-4483207 no idea since I don’t have one LMFAO Fae tonight: Pri, if you wanted to send me dumb shit like that. I’d happily give you my number lol don’t know about international text data tho I really want to spend 24hrs with a PB writer & be the inspiration behind a character. I just wanna know what vibe I give them lol frat you would be the loyal, black gay friend who is the voice of reason but randomly spice things up with some chaos Yes, less basic and more 21st century lol *laughs in 23 degrees* does all out include bows and special wrappings? I love making mine pretty. I’m pretty good at wrapping so I display my talents every year You already know I was gonna come in here it’s a beauty you’re not allergic to condensed milk, eggs, cinnamon, or Bacardi right lol mood It’s more like they didn’t know of something, discovered it, & then added their twist to it. So it feels like yeah, they did that. Especially nowadays when their version gets traction. ,img Yorkshire pudding Rank as in bad or is that a brand LOL Send me your best Yorkshire pudding I feel like I know what this is but I also can’t think of it- if it’s a diff name or not. Looks good. Does.. anything go inside of it? I’m confused. make one frat I’ll drive to you lol you get mines and I wanna eat your concoction The end BISCUITSSSSSS I love me some biscuits omg drop your fave biscuit location mine gotta be Church’s not gonna interrupt but my FBI agent heard us talking about food and put this on my TL it’s me. Literally me. I want it do you not have a measuring cup drawer? Lol I usually have specials spoons/forks/bakery stuff in a drawer together It does support it! there’s this weird loading crash thing but the key is to not have safari open when you do it Works like a dream. oh man, I should’ve asked if that was the case. Bluestacks people are currently working on v5 release that will help those with this problem. I loveeeee them! Using them at the beach it’s the best is this real or should I not waste my time hiring?? Girl you better mention salary if you’re using big words like that lol sounds like a scam if I can do that for free Pri don’t make fun of them. That’s a very special date. I don’t eat chocolate. Y’all just missing all the shots you’re taking today Jesus idk why people get pressed that I don’t like chocolate More for you, fam. Mind your business. I don’t eat anything chocolate. I don’t like it. She gets it. :ySpongeBruh: Metta got so scared he forgot a word in that sentence anyways, how tf does me not liking chocolate have anything to do with carbs??? bitch what no I’m a carbs whore. My English teacher would tell you that’s a mental illness. I came here for entertainment cause I’m sick and I’ve got none of it Shameful. Mara and I just stay being disappointed by spl a mood. I swear one day I’ll gift this to you for Christmas since you want it so badly that’s some big energy. I’d love to see it I personally think blocking is a ***** move but I like the anger lol live your best life No My answer to least favorite… 🍵:CB_tea: 🧋 Don’t temp me with a good time anyone puts me as least favorite, I’d laugh cause they said it anonymously do it to my face and I’ll buy you a beer Always. wanna do it here or in my dm’s lol I’d need more of a definition of sus stuff but I like this take. 😂😂😂 that’s honestly the best thing I’ve heard all week. Mara, you made your way into my heart with that opinion of me. You’re not wrong at all. I’m team no bullshit. You can be family, friend, or a stranger- I won’t support or play along with things I disagree with. Although I can do better at sharing this more kindly, but overall… nah. If you need the reality check, you’re getting it. anything you want. I drink it all is this in general? This reminds me when in middle school we would like someone’s status on fb and we would rate them and give an honest post I’m dating myself but you know, that was the time YES So many of my friend’s bf popped up on mines 💀 just cause of the dm’s I don’t miss that but I do miss when insta allowed me to see what others liked and commented That was soooo useful Just know.. all social medias suck now It was better in its prime. they dropped your whole tag and everything 😂 goddamn put me in timeout with them, I got questions we’ve been through this. I’m sussy wussy 🐳 TNA SUPREMACY so what happened to confidential? I know that’s wrong. Metta. Get Sam out of here lol I’m here for the hot takes. where at I need a vacation where do platypus live baby, I’d be lonely in there :sipstea: what’s stopping you y’all would cry if you read mine so Aku lmao. :milkmochahug: I’m gonna kill you with kindness I would love to see you try I feel like there’s three people on this server who have crushes let’s be honest, I can write the best application and you would still reject me. massive meteor omfg suddenly Metta and Bel are dinosaurs 2.0 oh that we know. I’m still crying at Carter You know Metta is back at home twerking why is this so funny not the bias 💀 Mara got some Irish spirit in her I can tell lol How many questions in total is this application? I swear every screenshot got a diff one highlighted wow I don’t care if they had a crush on her, I wanna know if she liked the attention me too. At least you have a bf to curb some of that energy wait, I swear you said you did. Did something change or was it a joke??? +Desire Get it right. :O omg I’m glad I’m not losing my kind Aww. I only call them “my guy” when it’s more serious so that’s the confusion hope it works out ❤️ Invite me to the wedding. I’d be prettiest maid of honour that’s existed 🥰 LMFAO I’ll take a whole course COLOUR GREY why is this platypus speaking?? biscuits are yummy As maid of honour, I will ban everyone who disagrees from the wedding. And let me remind you, the heels will not stop me. From fighting. Heels are backup. I like to go fist first I am gonna wish on a star that you find your happily ever after And then I will sit at the bar at your wedding, smiling :bratHug: Ducks are very cute I lost my car to a family of them. But they’re still adorable Normalize living life the way you wanna the end wow, a true poet I always said I want a man to propose just to prove to me they wanna marry and have me for life but I don’t need the actual wedding lol. Since it’s all paper anyways. learning to live with someone is half the battle! so my best advice is to make it your home so worse case scenario… you kick them out versus being kicked out why y’all bringing math into this oh my Hey now… we can judge the yeehaw on a lot of things but not the beers the most epic sleepover ever and you kiss at midnight How romantic oh babe, I’ve learned from my friends! But thank you ❤️ Yes. We use state The State vs whoever you’re not avoiding my happy smooch. No sirrrrr. damn, can you refund me? I paid to see this the minute you got court ordered I also took sleepy meds cause I feel super gross and I’m feverish so I’ll be fading in and out of here I try to exhaust myself as much as I can so I sleep longer Forcing myself to sleep doesn’t work imagine I fall sleep on voice chat 😂 someone: *randomly joins*
me: *congested snores* I know! I use sleep timer I once fell asleep with Drew and Kyo I woke up and they were still playing Minecraft Still don’t know if they realized or not Oh I guess y’all did 😂😂😂 They prob did talk to me 😂💀 no, I don’t think so? I just remember I took my sleepy meds. Joined chat for Minecraft. Thought I would survive, ended up passing out, woke up in a startle cause I realized I fell asleep. My computer was dead and overheated so I charged it and joined back pretending it died 💀 kyo: wb Lu
Me; sorry… computer died….. lmao I do remember this. I felt bad I learned to keep chat open from that day I rather weird than basic nice song Every time I hear it, it reminds me of The Fosters I wanna see Mara get down to cool for the summer that brings the bad bitch energy Twerk that white Irish booty Where is big time rush good :ruserious: fave Aku, what would you do if I DM’ed you? That implies she doesn’t like me more than others that’s what I wanna know wait is that the new one that was being promoted not too long ago?? it’s been officially launched? hm. Gotta check them out wanna see if I missed out on not being beta It’s me texting my friend in the middle of her drafting a tweet for me :kek: No worries, Adam! Hope all is well ❤️ It adds to the chaos Drew 🤡 Your anxiety was palpable lmao baby you gotta fix that posture I get watched at stores. Happened a lot more when I was younger cause I guess I dressed more ethnic (Since I was skinny and actually put in effort) that can be hard to unpack Could be anxiety Intrusive thoughts Or reality goddamn I can’t type My middle school was PWI. Never had a problem there tho. Guess we were still at that age where we didn’t racially assault Truly That’s a lot of places. I’ve definitely gotten my jollies watching a white person not understand AAVE or just be uncomfortable at self expressions like pls, relax. see, in from the ghetto. Whites here say it and they don’t really get told they can’t cause they were raised in the hood. It doesn’t affect me so I don’t tell them what they can/can’t but it also goes the same for Hispanics totally baby, you know those fools want their cake and eat it too. they wanna be a part of it all but not acknowledge they’re the problem that happens a lot when It’s their neighborhood and shit “They’re not allowed to be here. They’re doing something wrong” yadda yadda Amen. if you ever want to share, here or privately, I’m all ears babe. Sorry for the experience(s). World a dirty, ugly place, but finding people to make it a little more brighter is the name of the games and how we survive xfinity ? they seem the type I read that as t*** and laughed so hard I was so proud of Bel rip Frat ☺️ Are all 40 diff or are there repeating ones? sucks if you can’t find the individual packs for a good price Drew; you wanna share with the class? I read half of it. I wanna know what was bad about the second half oh yeah; you can’t stop it from sending. rip people who drink cold coffee trouble me your coffee goes through 5 different taste changes as the ice melts y’all just really love coffee at that point which I don’t. It’s why it’s concerning oh please forgive me cause you’re the 1% lmao Expressos are chill I’ve tried different stuff but they all taste the same. I gotta find my blend. I don’t have a keurig lmao I don’t drink coffee why would I own that Hot chocolate 🚫 it smells delicious but no choco for this gal I don’t like it. Smells nice but taste bad. truly Yup I can tolerate a lil if it’s blended with something else. Like cookies n cream ice cream is the most I can do I remember I once jokingly told a guy to not buy me chocolate for Valentine’s Day. He asked if flowers are ok and I said no, cause they always die. Then he just looks at me all exasperated and goes “well then wtf **can** I get you?” I about died. Yes Jewelry too We weren’t really dating so obvs it was all in jest but boy was stressing I love the yearly convo I have with my flirtatious friends “so do you expect me to do sumn or” 😂😂 relax Matt. I don’t expect shit on that day if you’re not my bf LMAO Matt I’ll happily say yes Smooch for the thoughtfulness but that won’t convince me to go steady Universal ones are typically used cause you don’t know how a person would use it. Is it mobile for games? Is it for food at a restaurant? Or a quick fast food run? Same concept as a debit card. It’s free for all use. This is so specific LOL Both/either it depends. If it’s a lover, handmade. If it’s family, money. I expect thoughtful gestures out of those I’m romancing vs established relationships. LMAO See! It’s a cop out with family Weiss, you want me to hook you up with some girls? I LOVE CLOTHES FROM FAMILY that’s my Christmas routine. My sister’s buy me clothes & cousins buy me pj’s It’s amazing uh huh I just like some people’s style! Force me to wear something new EXCUSE ME what’s wrong with me? I’m a fucking blast oh okay. I feel that. Does it help if I say that in the most confident/outgoing of my friend group?? I’m pretty good at reading people so my matchmaking skills are peak but no one trusts me 💀 oh baby that’s the fun in dating! You gotta learn what you like and dislike! and there’s no better way than hiking up with a shit person with a bomb d…. LMAO facts tho ok but if you wanna go down that path… Dominicans. They look and say they’re straight peroooooo :wsmirk: see, I’m the best and worst with dating cause every person is diff. I either put out early or make ‘em wait months 😂😂 they’re like ?!??!?! WHITE MEN ARE SUPERIOR Is this where I share that I’ve definitely played around with famous men? No? Ok. They’re not actors or nothing but you know, band members be easy asf 👀 bro my friend was obsessed with those two wow, they still look like that huh LMAO yes he hasn’t changed a damn bit besides some hair change YouTubers! Back they were super known cause people assumed they were a gay couple. the shipping was astronomical Yes & yes IIRC I never watched the video but knew of it’s existence. Cute. my 2022 year goal is to get myself a bf also to land a YouTuber just for the fun HAHAH no I honestly would for the money buuuuuut I just can’t be consistent. I’m funny enough and attractive enough but like, it’s hard work. I’m good being a nurse for now. I really don’t like TikTok I only ever use it cause Kyo sends me videos Lol If I could record in the hospital this is totally what I would do! My experiences there are so funny FAE LMFAO You’re killing me rn Imagine it’s all shaky cam and all you hear “WE’RE LOSING HIM!!!!” we deployed some national guards to my hospital to help out with COVID so my first three videos is about flirting with men in uniform 😂🥰 STOP I AM STILL SO FUCKING MAD All I wanted was to give the man his fucking meds so he won’t die from liver failure but noOooOoOOo he wanted to cause pain. choosing violence mfer this error is so fucking funny to me. Marasexual guess I’m bussin you’re just not holding back lmao I respect it. I AM A WHITE WOMAN she got pressed go queen who tf is this No Should I? why who and what are they I never watched Harry Potter…. I don’t ever plan to either he looks like every other bitch ?! def not my white man no I was born July 28th! wow LMAO y’all are so wild fae wins it was a leap year! wow novuary is sexy asf you leave my reproductive system out of it? my ovaries are fluttering YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS ✨ babies ✨ I AM PRAGNANT! Drew you literally had one job how did you do it so poorly It’s gravity anyways boy or girl? gotta do baby shower themes Hi 😃 no I’m not. I really wanna be :) LMAO DID YOU CALL MY BABY A BASTARD?! bitch hold my earrings the way you disrespected my baby and their father what a punk move. He’s sleeping He was up all night If I named my daughter after you…. What would you do? LMAO No. Shhh. It’s in the works Mara has to rub my belly for good luck LMFAO wait who did you think I’m married too???? I literally always say I’m single but dating 💀 🤡 DO I GIVE OFF WIFE VIBES? I literally flirt with half the men in the servers 😂 wow, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️ I would be an amazing wife. You’re right. majority disagrees 😅 I’m married now. Let me find my dress that’s PCF exclusive shit there But I’m a hoe so y’all would’ve cried if you seen the honeymoon up in NSFW Metta got the exclusive 😂 he wild 🥰 it was a great pun Goodnight babe ❤️ sweet dreams so if we all think I’m married Can I get a milf role? I hmmm. Up to the public WAIT server milf makes it sound like I’m a ride along 💀 let’s not… see I make all my classes back to back it’s just how I function The time Mara has to do stuff like this is hilarious I need some of that to be just as wild I’m good with multitasking, just too much stuff away from my computer Don’t become an adult. It sucks just don’t graduate you paid for high school??? Or do you mean the gown and stuff nah, age don’t mean shittttt I know “men” at 38 who are less responsible I thought you were uni but I swear someone said you’re 18. So it didn’t make sense in my head damn, you gotta graduate. No way you wasted time and money to not 🙃 a scam. unless it’s Gen Ed What question? I am so confused I really thought you were 20 but I swear someone said you were younger ok so I’m not losing my mind whoever said she was 18, fuck you I’m pretty good with ages so I hate when someone confuses me nah pretty sure that’s half of Starbucks coffee so I must agree someone do that conversion for me what’s your degree? Associates in criminology? that’s cool I wanted to do a criminology major and be a forensics nurse but I just didn’t find the right courses A TOTAL OF 12k??? Or 12k per year oh ok Makes more sense Still super cheap Go England Mara, come to Boston. Go to Harvard :) At least 😂 Simple- be wild with me.
Hard- Law school we can be a dynamic duo… nurse & lawyer you don’t need to drink or have sex to be wild! Those are just two of my favorite things to do wanna skydive with me? 💀 I guess that’s a no I’ll name my child Lumara I need everyone to oooh and ahhh over my baby selfies I demand it. LMFAO she do I think it’s the pure adrenaline rush of not knowing what is going to leave my mouth is she nice today? annoyed? Will she come at ME? Or will she thirst after white men? it’s such a dice roll ❤️ you can get this for free if you come visit you’d be a changed woman Pri you can come too if you want my wildness Start with zip lining! It’s so much fun and the view is fantastic :veryyes: BUNGEE YESS I wanna do an actual bridge eventually I’ve done the small ones at amusement parks Also, six flags sky ball! so fun! I have to jump 25 times before I can go solo Sigh :O This is me road raging Did you get stuck? I watched Final Destination 4 and then went on a class trip to six flags I then watched Final Destination 5 and did a class trip to New York I really be setting myself up oh that happens a lot. I’m skinny but got big boobs and the seating protection doesn’t hold me right I always bounce like ass off seat Cling for dear life ITS SUCH A RUSH if yours are bigger than mines I’d be impressed not to be too… NSFW but I have two selfies…. :CB_Chef_kiss: 😂 This is our sky ball! I love the slingshots LMAO not Metta 💀💀💀 He’s def a 40 in 34DDD 😂😂 you wanna see em Promise they’re worth the hype Metta what’s your bra size I send my friends my nudes all the time. It’s how I know I’m attractive well, that and the men I bring home I forgot I was on zoom and suddenly heard my boss 😭 SSHSHSHJAHSHS mood boobs are normal :( don’t shame men got ‘em HELLO? HAPPY BIRTHDAY 👀 :bearangel000001: none the wiser ✨Mettatorship✨ I just wanna know the rating on it but Y/N? Lol LMAO Did you just insert your name Thank you for sharing this. I laugh every time :) Moderna got me covered ✨ the wifi is great but the nanochip makes a sound every night, right at midnight, and it’s annoying. but anything for my government 😂 they mandated boosters at my job so I gotta go do that soon …. But I live in America, land of the free…. No one controls me! off topic but I got asked if I wanted to come in tonight for OT and I just might…. The payout would be amazing. proud of you I never have been so disappointed so fast I hope it was a good time anyways Aw, sorry your fun got cut short but glad you knew than to stay. I fucking did it. No regrets it’s gonna be ok! you’re gonna make it through it, ugly or not, amazing grade or not. if you need resources, ask for help? !* of course. super relatable don't do it all at once. break it down. little every day. plan accordingly and you can procrastinate more than enough how tall is Mara? not surprised I picture her 5’3-5’5 I was gonna do in but then realized you like cm 152.4cm 😭 Layhurs is 5’7 LOL hush not you all catching that mistake introducing the missing triplet…. Layup! wow I love being good at this my husband needs to be 6’4 or I won’t rest I have a size kink. Let me be No! wanna be there when I do? :) I love it tall toxic white men 🥵 Are they single love that for them I need more gay friends. I have so much fun with them. top humor LMAO mine are a mix I’ve said this in another server but I feel like it applies here None of you would’ve liked me in high school if you’re put off by me as I am now actually, let’s say middle school middle school me was a mess but she was entertaining primary, secondary, tertiary isn’t bad… but it’s too formal lol you mean for the delinquents/dropouts? Yes oh lmao Nvm what grade would intermediate be? 5th & 6th? I can’t imagine being in the same school for 6 years Puerto Rico does the 8th-12th grade for high school and I always found that wild those are babies with adults hence why they got knocked up Mmm; that sounds similar too. All the younger kids shared campus with college kids. The primary ones would obviously be the farthest from the oldest but still mixed around Damn; I miss my home. ohmy see, I would be the girl they got placed at the front of the photo cause she was short “Lu, come out from back there” I taught CPR to my old middle school and those fuckers were HUGE. They kept asking to see my license cause they didn’t believe I drove there 😂 I drove since around that age Me Hispanic culture is drinking with family because “it’s safer with them than others” but all that did was make my liver the bad bitch she is today Drink- 14
Smoke- 18 although I did hookah and the other shit around 16 finish this sentence lol I am Lu. lol my life ain’t for everyone. to each their own Someone told me that the shorter you are, the more evil you are. valid Idk what I did but thank you amen it’s why I’m always cold, Satan is calling me home lmfao I KNOW. I’m the last end of petite 😂 if I lost weight (aka be less curvy) I would be tiny PCF 5’4, not too tall so you’re not intimidating but not short enough where you appreciate people making comments 5’3-5’4 you give me 5’6-5’7. You prob curl into your body and seems smaller because you got that soft shy side but when you straighten your back out and are with a group you’re comfortable, you like to be SEEN. Starboard is down and I’m upset quality stuff here mmm, 5’4. tall enough where you can be taken serious (aka no small jokes) but also short enough by where you blend in well with others, which is comforting. Sometimes I think I’d be a good genie or fortune cookie writer Send it I want to see I love Bostonian words they’re so funny I need help If I don’t sleep soon I’ll go 48hrs without sleep jfc who is my future husband beautiful he’s just a body & voice lol buckyyyyyy Low key obsessed with Mario Party Superstars @faede euphoria is LIT. it started off so good angus cloud is so sexy when are you watching the episode do you have HBO max You need me to stream? :( let me be your serotonin everyone should ride a horse once in their life it’s a wonderful feeling if this was Wattpad she would’ve thought you answered for the horse and then shared a laugh together while the sun sets and butterflies flutter Crispy chicken on salads is fire This looks like Wendy’s salads 😂😂 I love AITA I’m always in there giving my good ass opinion. Usually i’m the sponsor for the post 😂 Reddit is a gem. Rich people know many people, get invited to so many parties and business functions, and get to wear extravagant clothes for clout It’s the dream. are they not wealthy? they make bank. you get money for every view, and then you get sponsorships for being a personality It’s all interconnected that’s why they go on to other platforms for the same thing but +ads cancel culture is pretty fake you know, I didn’t expect the sentence “eat celebrity meat” to be used to promote actual meat I just know Gwyneth Paltrow endorses this if this was around when 1D was around, they would’ve been set for life don’t be fucking rude https://tenor.com/view/fighting-rude-kim-kardashian-dont-be-fucking-rude-mad-gif-15969435 He can bite me. he didn’t bite right if it wasn’t effective I can give you lessons Metta location I saw this channel popping off and never cared to see what was going on. Something told me someone said something about me and I see this lmaoooo Hmmm :) I won’t ever punish anyone for telling the truth my goal was also for that image to live in people’s heads rent free I genuinely be forgetting my birthday is coming up and then you do the countdown it's a classic case of you had to be there Dec 22-Jan 19 is this looks & personalities I like your “would prob simp” was mostly redheads nice I just asked cause I figured it was a mix I kinda go by vibes and what people say for who I think they’d be attracted to and some people on that list I figured would be higher but again, this is just looks Second row from the bottom, 6th from the left.

Seems like a cute white boy, maybe sneaky evil but overly corny. On the young side so I know that’s a thing you don’t like. Agreed. I’d run my fingers through it he gives me winter soldier vibes lol I like it mhm a bit with my bestie, she's a huge fan. nothing recent there’s something about this that isn’t sitting well Thanks babe. Appreciate it  💗 I like how this can be interpreted both ways… why Asian’s don’t understand them OR why Asian’s don’t receive them. also, yes. It’s bs that they wouldn’t receive it cause every phone number is in a database and the more you add them to certain websites and stuff, it gives those people access to find it and use it. Yes lol that doesn’t make a difference it’s still the book I would still do VIP and have every book hiatus than not be VIP. no one it’s top tier Is it? If you’re gonna go the language route, touch as many as you can. Probs won’t be at all. nah, I rather not get something than have it half-assed not hard to get a fluent person to commit to the job, just gotta pay them for their services as if I’d give them any of my free time and not be compensated you must be new here. Drew being horny hoe is such an offense I’m the queen of smut. Blasphemy. you got that shit too wait who is secret baby? half my roles are just stats I’ve achieved. The ones I selected are important I MEANT SERVER. LMAO. My brain fizzled and I just saw You Mara did not see my boobs for this disrespect @Metta sir, pls vouch. You and I lead the sexy campaign I’m going back to work. Fuck this :stitchgoodbye: Are people just this fucking dense? There's so many damn reasons they're putting books in hiatus.
- burnout. -covid
- medical situations.
- school/children
- trying to make things work so everyone wins honestly, players are pissing me off. wow entitled must you be to whine about books being on hiatus and not think about the fact that they don't like doing this for shits & giggles. the gift is so over the top too, they honestly are fearful of losing more players. I wouldn't expect a gift, and it's sad that they feel like it's a must. esp cause I know people are gonna get it and cashout. hope they keep tabs on who is a monthly subscriber & who just subbed after this post. social media algorithm is a thing, and that does happen... but it's literally here too. any server too. that's not algorithm, that's just people being entitled pricks touch some grass is one of my fave expressions btw. This isn’t a free pass to clown on VIP players who are upset.

Non-VIP players bitch and moan every other day as well, and they’re just as entitled & do less for PB. take several seats FYI this is a solid example. Y’all clowning on this but many wanna be mute when it’s about Hero, MW, and whatever other cancelled sequel in the grave. it’s both sides. one is not better than the other, but they both do the same thing and that’s my point. people feeling all cute and funny but don’t like it when the finger is pointed at them. it’s the deflection for me lol Self insertion. or see outside of themselves why it’s ok for them to exist/be the way they are. the not me, not in my life, none of my experience is very exhausting. get 👏 the 👏 fuck 👏 over 👏 it pop goes the weasel :CB_tea: don’t forget the BB orgy fae, everyone goes crazy for that but god forbid you bring a spank into the bedroom he did. He said they had a past ? I don’t get the joke? So the Caucasian can’t? But there’s so much black on black crime. Any race really you know people are racist to their own race? like they don’t accept that side of themselves? wdym what does that have to do? You said they made a comment about Ethan, but raf was right there. As if he automatically has to be an ally ???? you did so glad we can spin things :sh_xlebronturnt: wait, baby. Don’t tell me we’d be those bitches who bust the splits at the party. ugh, queen shit. drive the men crazyyyyy the night is going babe. Do it all Being sober is overrated Uh…. Yikes. Not sure how I feel about this. Fireball is amazing tho I don’t mix my soda with alcohol FRAT GOODBYE. Kidding, it’s an acquired taste but I love it oh I love this kind of party too. Don’t get me wrong. I don’t chase tf 😂😭 that went different Bacardi, Jameson, 43, Malibu, Casanova, & wines. Those are the way to my heart It’s not but still send I know what he meant bel It’s a drink. I wanna see the Russian tho too bad some hater removed the role I honestly didn’t. I figured it was gonna be some choices character tbh Where is Nikolai from tho He looks familiar Share with momma oh MURPHY @Metta it’s Wednesday but how about some drinking games 😂 I have fun stories from this weekend. Get your drinks and join in vc OH I got a tax preview from Turb…. Those grands are looking nice asf Wonder what I will spoil myself with what was it? and not wrong there’s much better white men out there. but not a bad sell Omg it is Cyrus but cute I’d spend gas on you Oh is it not. You fucking called him that!!! bel, I suck at these. Leave me be. Bel, I don’t have a photographic memory and I don’t give a fuck about these characters enough to pay attention to it they looked similar enough and that’s the white man charm I got a va- Oh LMAO what if I said I’d give you some of my crappy one I can share some of my life? LMFAO yes, that. do you want to travel or should I I’ve seen better. how did you make it to ch10 it’s the multi naps for me layhurs… 😭😭 I’m dying over here Frat, I promise it wasn’t wasted. I understood LAYHURS ARE YOU SERIOUS you can’t hear it??? It’s better than that Diavolos 👀 Where my eyebrow slit homie posted them where bel? The facial expressions chosen make it even more uncomfortable bad situation all around from the LH book right x2 cause he’s sexy and the underwear was not Ew Not Paolo He’s a creep SEBD SEND The nerdy twin competitor in ROE long slender neck used to be the hype elegance derp I support this message. drew seriously hEs tIrEd abuelo papa can't think of the scientific terms but anything that could let her have the power course but not release. pretty sure I've read/watched this in other medias with like jewelry (watch, cuffs, necklace, etc) Fries all the way! Tater tots are nice once in a while but I’m more picky about them than fries. Now home fries… those the shits. mmmm steak fries & steak HASH BROWNS only acceptable answer. eggs, bacon, grits S A U S A G E that’s weird lol Mashed potatoes supremacy BET with that sour cream, bacon bits & melted cheese 🤤 literally all the fun. I think I’ll grab some today waiting for this zoom to end I’ll be outtie These people just told me to take a a 2hr break lmao Say less you got them at a restaurant as a side or app? truffles can be hit or miss hmmm, yeah. Sides aren’t it for me LMAO ranch? blue cheese? Sweet potato is my go to when I cook white rice and stew omg I love blue cheese Buffalo pizza with blue cheese. Smack. I have but it’s not my go to. I just wanted to see the hype AHHHHH I love milkshakes Fae, I’m buying you one. Dairy Queen, JP licks, Chic fil A got good ones Man, even BK got a decent one cause I like it sweet Cookies n cream smacks One time they gave me a free one for breakfast cause they didn’t want it to go to waste lol Me: *pulls up to drive they window*
Employee: hey, how do you feel about milkshakes for breakfast?
Me: definitely done it before, sometimes you gotta start the day right.
Employee: here you go, on the house. I was so flattered lmao not him crossing home boy & yelling my pleasure lmfaoooo I’ve seen another version of this skit oh maybe that’s the one I watched. They all crack me up what’s your height I want to do this now. don’t tempt me whip out the cans to do a irl pic It’s 6am and I haven’t slept. I’m not doing more math than necessary Gimme it in ft or in 💀 she’s not allowed to be shorter than me I’m baby what why are you taller than I thought I also feel like we’ve talked about this before and I was just as shocked then short energy rocks that’s my essence but no, I actually think I recall saying I pictured you taller which u still kinda do but you got short moments I’m considering purchasing a $130 gym membership. but maaaaaaan, the perks. yes The amenities are really nice and it’s local. - Spa (massages, hair & nail salon).
- steam room.
- sauna.
- three indoor pools (one heated, one for open swim, the other like a fun park)
- basketball court/tennis court
- two outdoor pools (heated and reg with water slides)
- cafe.
- indoor dining, outdoor patio dining, & rooftop dining.
- all group glasses included.
- personal trainer included. it’s about 10 min drive from me which is why I considered it. I need something local, with everything in it that I could need, & 24hrs. Literally a nurses dream. That price is discounted too. My hospital covers some wellness costs cause they’re nice like that what is brave https://tenor.com/view/hmm-ok-cafe-peki-peki-iyiymi%C5%9F-aynen-gif-24016963 today sure is something. Who is they? More like why be in a server if a simple question goes ignored. Among other things. my toes are numb. I stepped in a puddle getting into my car and now I’m trying to defrost them I wish I had a heated blanket rn 🥶 Feels like 0 my fuzzy slippers are all open toed. I need new ones Drew you don’t look anything like baby you Baby me is me from miles away like my face hasn’t changed at all I want baby me melanin and complexion I’d be so hot lil mama was tan asf living in PR Not the acne infestation mood My face tans faster than my body. It’s what you first notice Pop off can you share a pic? I wanna know what it looks like never heard of this That looks yummy! Baking is so relaxing, I love doing it so much but it takes a certain kind of headspace for me. Glad you got to have some time for it 💕 With me, if I’m not calm or happy, it feels like I’m not doing it any justice :( Don’t be! Knowing others are out there happy and baking just motivates me State mandated law, California is one of them. Come to the east coast. You get me and paid leave 5/9 states for us I really want to visit those restaurants Metta had recommended so eventually just send me recs. I’ll do em I get my calendars from the bank. Foolproof. You don’t know MutualOne They’re big fans. Bet Remind me to drive to a house later Stop. One birthday this year was enough. Don’t want to do it again Also- I was planning on photoshop snape onto my calendar and show it to you but I figured I got other things to do than that lol 🤝 In his defense, you didn’t caption the spoiler. it’s under the photo so if you scroll, you’d tap then read I get that but wordle has a literally spoil-proof way to share that’s how everyone does it I assume last Which like, isn’t the worst Bobby Bobby is my fave Robert Roberts That sounds hilarious! whose the streamer? is that someone they call x Ray? He looks familiar it’s that euphoria vibe what time And where Always ask them this before going …. Recess? I’m used to the kid version of recess and was confused who tf had that in the morning the awkward gap between i-an is sending me LMAO Yes I love sights I heard this shit and immediately screamed the chorus 😂😂😂 I love waking up and seeing my man’s on staff ❤️ hiya papi my state got rid of it one year and then it was re-appealed and we got it back lol time is a social construct I just live if I wake up at 2am or 10pm, whatever. let my body just do it’s things damn nice job faeeee Happy Holi! @FraternalGemini did you end up going on your trip? The one you were having trouble with your friends with? I want an update. What about the situation in question sure! Hi! Welcome! if you turn it off enough, it’ll stay off. that’s how mine is. sometimes I mean to ping someone and I forget to turn it on that’s weird? maybe cause I’m beta? good point I think I’ve pinged Mara more often than not but I do it for important stuff So I fly right under the radar :pikacool: she’s never said so, I call lies? Lol djdshkshshdb wow every time you say that, it sounds singular and I just picture one big breast on my chest Petition to just should I send a leg photo idk what the obsession is with the states thing. Doesn’t really make much of difference to the plot? It’s just a setting in most books. There’s a handful which were a different location but they put the effort into it cause it would impact it. That’s what I mean, if it’s relevant to the plot- for sure try something new, make it up or whatever but most books are just putting a name to a place cause someone will be like “where the heck is this?” But changes nothing Also Drew. SR is based in Chicago. They also go to Seattle. Just cause I saw you mention it. it’s raining here but I hear some clicking against my windshield that don’t sound like rain drops lol Sometimes I leave little comments for Mara to find but she takes forever to find them 😂 I’ve left some in the past that I think got lost in messages 😘 flashback to my pedi office huh, I use that for APA formatting reference. don’t think I’ve ever noticed some section that allows that. There is an ESL area that is helpful. I learned that but because I’ve taken computer science lol not a bad class either there’s a few setting changes you have to do which gets annoying so I just freehand do not get me started! I think I’ve once successfully split page for some weird presentation. 0/7 after that I put in the numbers for the margins and ms word decides she knows better even then, I still prefer it over Google docs. There’s just something about it. I like slanted handwriting when others do it. Very neat anything in this world is bad if you use it the wrong way. most cars on the road is horrible for the environment but you don’t see me ditching mine to use better transport methods. something’s you can control and others you can’t. No but Susan from Dollar Tree is ** ** Nothing in religion should be considered law. It’s all up to a person’s interpretation so just do what you want, believe in what you want, and permit others the same. Either way, societal input will have something to say. I’m the best/worst at this cause I genuinely don’t give a fuck. I believe, I support, I think I practice in my daily (but I don’t visit as often). Does that make me superior? No. Just makes me feel good and in touch. And people who can have the same without any of that is cool too. Nearly all elective surgeries that benefit women/female anatomy are deemed unnecessary and aren’t covered. America loves to control our bodies. Reminder that some offices require the husband’s approval. yeah, any guy and go in and ✂️ but if I wanted to 🎀 I need to have kids, be past my 20s, get my husband to approve AND deem it medically necessary :)))) YES! A lot of abortions back then were in-home and from loved ones because they couldn’t go anywhere else. So sad we put our bodies in harm because those who swore to help care for us and push for autonomy strips us from that very thing. I absolutely want kids, love them, cherish them. But also don’t want anyone else who is not interested to be manipulated by the government. Less kids in foster homes pls Also Adam, I’m glad she did that. Any time I discharge someone I sent them with supplies.

Inhalers, pumps, supplies to wrap their wounds, socks, anything I have in the room that we used… take it!! I don’t need it. PSA: if you ever go to the hospital for anything and receive the medical bill that’s just SUPER out of your budget. Request an itemized bill. It breaks down the expenses per supplies and tests/procedures. Report and discrepancies. Sometimes supplies are marked up (expensive). You can use an online tool to compare the prices with other hospitals and get a better deal. They’ll be annoying about it, or respect it if they get it, but either way who cares. It’s you that’s paying. Happy Ace Day to my lil babies 💕 I’m always online. Even when I’m not do they have a variety of sizes? I’ve noticed this store near me but haven’t tried anything not bad comfortable? I’ll give them a shot. I’m in need of new jeans I’m liking what I hear. I’ll show you what I get oh baby..... @FraternalGemini I'm ok babe, just trying to finish this discussion so I can play games on my switch lol you??? I need skincare tips. my coworker is getting her license and I can't wait for the free botox where did you get this data? not sure if that’s a good criteria I thought maybe it was files if I’m paying, you better give me all the details tf they broke, I’m broke, let’s get it that’s… just an occurrence this belongs in UT Pitch it IS IT EASTER TIME ON ACNH I want my eggies I have so many from last year that I didn’t get to use but not enough to build everything THE BEST NEWS I’VE HEARD ALL DAY and I got paid today 😂 making it my personal mission to go before I hit 30 Anyone can make threads right? like I don’t need perm? Started a thread. No I’ve seen thinner versions which are hotter This is for those with gauges there’s a lot of childish things that go on and this wouldn’t be the worst one I haven’t read anything besides the last line I like both of you so I have no sides I’m just here. take me at my in-between or hate me as your enemy that’s a big risk it’s the classism for me 😂 that sounds so like her and unlike her at once The first one outfit is better but the second’s hair is literally perfect cuz weebs ❤️ It’s a string! come on Pri the goose with human arms oh so that’s the ayumu part it’s kinda wild how much y’all care about his sub he ain’t doing it for y’all lmao can’t believe this is how you want our relationship to come out smh I’m crying I know I wasn’t the only who saw that No but I am I sliced a good chunk of my nail peeling potatoes. It grew back within 2 weeks perfectly fine. but my nails always grow fast I’ve also had someone run over my foot with a car :) I will if you really want me to lmao it’s wild I’m baby. Ok story time!
My batshit mother was having a manic episode and severely hallucinating and we were having a huge verbal argument outside. She tried to take off in my car and obviously I tried to stop her but she wasn’t having it so I told her that I’m removing me belongings from the car and I was leaning in the backseat grabbing my backpack and I was in the process of stepping away when she floored it. And I mean FLOORED. Bitch channeled SpongeBob and just said slammed the gas and went right over my foot, tires squealing and all. It was actually hilarious. I was in pain because I had a huge bone bruise but nothing broken or fractured and when I went to the hospital to do some scans, they asked me what happened and my sister was sweating bullets cause she thought I would report her 😂😂 my friends/coworkers: how was your weekend Lu?
me: my mama ran over my foot with my own car :))) my sister: she wasn’t paying attention…
me: yeah, messing around and wasn’t paying attention.
nurse: ok…. *flags my chart* LMAO truly She was absolutely done with me and the lie. in total Lu fashion, before I went to the hospital I limped over to a house party and drank lmao and then left the hospital to go to another skdhhsjj It worked here lol ngl steak shack is overhyped but still mid that’s stereotyping babe, let’s not push labels. Guess who also has green eyes 💕 Where is Mara I just remembered we were talking about pretty eyes and I want us to compare I don’t have to ping her, she’s got a good Lu radar she’ll eventually come to me like a good girl That's a cute idea. I'd be done for it. I hear disaster bi and I think of my boy Zig I shipped Zig with Aaron so hard!! They both balanced each other out so well. I romanced Zig and whenever we did group stuff together with Aaron I felt like the third wheel lmao. That club scene when Zig casually dances up to my MC to inform her that Teddy is just sOooOOOoo dreamy 🥳 I would call them Zaaron. Who would be the King/Queen of the straights? You can argue that Zoe just knows what's conventionally attractive I think aside from Ian, she hasn't said a word about any of the frat bros. Except that one football star she was a fan of Oh god, they changed it again?? I just got used to the last one. why does a name need such emphasis.... I'm in the middle of MFTL and the random switch to NOAH took me a second lol. My initial reaction was "why are you yelling??" It was all caps but the font with the spacing makes it more... aggressive? I'm excited I saw screenshot of a message with PB on one of the choices fb groups. The automated message is “we are looking forward to sharing more books this December" My first guess is Foreign Affairs. but it was plural... so idk which other book they would be talking about I wish PB would be more mindful of how they go about racial injustices in books depending on which sprite you choose. I am sad to say that there are many scenes I've prob missed because of my sprite selection I might get flamed for this but I've heard such glowing comments and recs on BOLAS so I gave it a shot. I made it to ch 3 and I'm disinterested should I give up? I was thinking of stopping there and go play TE instead does anyone think I'll have the same problem or there's a chance it'll be a better read for me? I loved TC&TF so I figured this would be just as awesome what chapter do you feel is when everything picks up? Got it. I have 3 in my party right now so makes sense. Thank you I'll finish the book and hopefully I'll come back as a huge lover of it maybe I'm the missing key of book 2. They're waiting on me to catch up so they can spit out the sequel lol :Duffyevil: I've come to the conclusion that every LI with a name that starts with *Cass-* are just too good to be true. continue the trend PB Why not Declan? Technically he’s old news since he’s supposed to be behind bars but a man with money can bail out easily Can we make a channel just to roast the inaccuracies of the language? I can already picture it Do they have fluent, bilingual writers?? Do we expect them to be considerate enough to transfer over all the diamond purchases in the other book to this one? I'm really tempted going back to the OG book and making my own translation and then reading the book for the side by side reveal yeah there should be a space there they messed up Maximo is the spanish version of Maximus. to be more specific, its Maximilliano/Maximillio the funny part is that not all names have to be switched, it really could've just stayed as Maxwell and just say it with an accent. Only named derived from others are the ones we change. its actually my pet peeve people's names being switched when its assigned in a certain way to be pronounced. Honor it. Others just leak it on tumblr and let everyone and their momma see it for no reason but to bash PB and feed their egos for having “inside scoop” We are classy here. You're not wrong, sadly. The mistakes are glaringly obvious and its disappointing. Not PB placing MTFL under the romantic comedy section of the books :kek: romantic drama & steamy I just thought it was funny placing the book there since its taken a joke by many. it was like on the nose humor for me they need a special section named "what could have been" and a second one named "what did we do" I updated my phone and I don’t have it either. Which is weird cause it’s the same account I get my challenges feature on Top 10:
AME, BB, D&D, TF, OH, & TRR Editor’s pick:
BOLAS & RoD do you want to earn it the easy way or the hard way lol well actually, do you have VIP? If you don’t, that will literally be the hard way Have fun! I personally think it’s more tolerable when you binge it tbh I’ve had it for 2 months. I told myself I wanted to test it and now I’m obsessed Perfect Match: Build-A-Partner Grandma, NO :kek: ARE WE DOING PUNS AGAIN I give that an A RCD3: Thomas Hunt disappoints I will not get over the speedo HSS: Scott Lee is the best I won't take criticism MM: Hot Dad, the sequel PTR I feel like goes from very bad to ok and it depends on how much diamonds you spend And that’s the vibe I got from Reddit as well Idk how Reddit noms work but does the sub vote for the winner? I’ll vote Sorry to hear that. Take your time and care for yourself. We’re here if you need to talk 💕 They 18+ tagged it I came back and y’all trashing the east coast and Metta deleted something I am sad I missed it all Intriguing. Of who and what Y’all acting like I said there was something wrong with it the trashing of the east coast lmao Go off kings & queens Voltra I dare you ME I wish I was the most eligible. I’d dominate the competitions I found it in the morning and let me tell you I was cracking tf up Hi, I finally got to meet my little Heir 💕 Thank you! So we have RT finale, FA ch3, WB ch4, and MTFL ch93 not the best lineup, but I love content I just love two sisters rising no matter what that is a common complaint I do wonder how much less hated this book would've been if it was MC doing all the "fancy talk" and "preaching" as the fb moms ~~said~~ complained ngl I feel like PB would cancel it just to be petty tired of our crap Logan 🥰 MC gets a degree in criminal justice to help her delinquent boyfriend and her new badass friend So we expect the entire group to come back or they pull a THM and get a new fast and furious gang the best movie before it all went to shit good taste No, I totally get that, but that’s what I’m talking about. The asks you see in this community are usually logical and  for betterment of players... but for other communities in other sites, it’s just demanding PB to do what they want and soon enough they’ll have enough of everyone’s crap Moved here cause no spoiler Anways, yeah, I see that, but you also have to keep in mind that the pack is all talk but the worse that has been done to us by them to us: using the bond to subconsciously get us to visit and just screaming no in our face whenever the mention of leaving is brought up. He is controlling in the way he speaks, which is so wrong, but its also just the way the story is playing out damsel in distress sucks for this reason Morgan... she really amped up her stuff with deceiving us (pending, since we only heard sides of the story, not the reality) and near forced us to help her in these scheme of ridding the world of wolves Yeah, they really said controlling LIs and that's it I don't like how it is playing out but it is supposed to set the MC into being in control at the end. She decides if she agrees with the pack, the hunters, or says "screw Hunt Peak, I'm out" OKAY. How weird is it that this game begins with MC just talking about magic already. Am I missing something or are they just really into la-la land and doesn't care that they're speaking to a professor lol ooooh, this is a pretty place. gives me Alice in Wonderland vibes TE MC just really decided to join this school, no questions asked. okay, the graphic of the multi-dimensional door was really cool Okay but this game is a banger Lmao Is there a date for that post? I said the same. Not about BOLAS, but about any book periods. Mhm. I just want it to be set up in this format.
TE3: untouched but coming, ETA blah blah blah.
TNA2: in the works, ETA ??? I want the ones we won’t get with a big fat C A N C E L L E D so there’s no mistake I feel like one of the expected sequels won’t be mentioned and they’ll just try to surprise people I mean they could easily just tell us the wrong date. I don’t think they’ll be putting it all on the table as they claim. It’s PB, come on now. lmao I got the meaning of it hahahah. I like it. It’s a cute saying. Trust me I know how it feels having my sayings in Spanish and not knowing how to translate more like a treat, I think. Like “oh wow,  you were right. Smart egg, here’s a cookie” Eleanor is displeased She’s the only ghost queen Oop, sorry Eleanor. Pri is a better person than me I think it was the third book I played when I just got the app and since I was familiar with Episode and their diamond stealing schemes, I was very picky with what I spent on To this day, I don’t even know what the end with her looks like I got modded on my MacBook. Sometimes I consider getting rid of my iPhone so I can just have my android in the palm of my hands Thanks Bel! That’s a cute ending. I like it, very choose your ending type but still HEA Happily Ever After Pri must be a Disney stan lmao Not to rain on this lesbian parade but Pri got some studying to do so she can pass her exam. Bye bye Pri. We will be here when you’re done. Just the particles, but that’s from junior hs memory Oh that’s that Coulomb and Faraday’ law stuff right? Oof. Yeah I’m too rust to help Literally ping me when you’re ready 😂 Oop. I should be but I’m a rebel How was your exam? :/ sorry about that What does that mean GPA? I got what you mean. I hope it doesn’t count for your sake :marafrogemoji: Just say you love toxic relationships and go They simp for Poppy but think Sofia is the devil. :OOF: BRACE LOL I think OH2 chapter 10-13 outdo TRH series lmao You’re not wrong babe but it’s Redditors voting. *waits* Firework got the brains You study the hell out of that biochem Her face looks diff. More fine tuned? Her hair also seems more voluminous Emi, please enlighten the smaller people including me btw :dogekek: where did you leave off? Wait, I’m confused. You did finish the series? I thought you said you did not read because you were disinterested in it Ah, got it. I recommend a read. By BB2, you’ll know if you like it or not What was the reason? Slight change of topic but damn Kamilah. The fleek of the brows On point bby do I have to give you VIP? I’ll consider it an investment No more katana while shirtless? Sad. modded? Updated? your device is also updated? we love that I’ll happily take the blame You mean truth or truth? Obvi me :kek: There is no Scarlet. Pri, I’m waiting babe What did you say? Valid Voltra: I mean
Tatsu: levels up Voltra She meant what she said What do errors mean? are we steaming again 👀 TE circle of friends and a pillow https://twitter.com/PlayChoices/status/1349863813630337029?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw I think we win this fight lmao that was a ride might be a hint I picture Lily forgetting there is a fight going on around her as she familiarizes herself with your game collection Bang bang I’m pretty sure Geralt is from The Witcher. Random name drop lol This I what I wake up to on fb Dixon mentions ILITW book while cuddling with MC? A man after my own heart Am I weird for finding that adorable? ...... RUN. *badddddumm dunnn dunnn dunn* please tell me someone knows the vine lol THERE WE GO! those cracked me up all the time woo! RoE is the shortest book to score the 15 diamond for book completion. FYI 5 chapters baby. Quick and easy although they're kinda long I am 30 diamonds short of 3k but still got so many books to play I think I am gonna start with TRM they do not 5 chapters is the min babe for completion... that is RoE:N haha trust me, when I first got it I put it to the test Fat mood, Emi. I was so disappointed when I replayed Game of Love and did all that just for a chapter bono I feel like if they're that smart, they should also realize the difference between hundreds of users playing the book and purchasing premium scenes within first month of its chapter release vs 6 months from it to me, that shows which scenes were more popular if people played it immediately vs people playing it cause its there But your point with the logs was the financial support of players in such books... that means they think it be helping them, but its not. So, how smart are they really was my point. they can be reckless, but to this extent? they clearly don't want long career being aware and knowledgeable should not be confused if this is true, I'd give them credit because this isn't a VIP thing only. all mods were never able to tap into the key generator because its server sided. that is thinking 3 steps ahead yeah that person can fuck right off Nah, they're aware of scripts being leaked. Happens on fb, insta, and Tumblr Okay, so I pay VIP and use mod. They look at my account and say: she has played these books, bought these scenes, but has actually spent these diamonds. They look at my data on my device vs server for conflict in save progress and use that information.... to what. we want better books 😭 It's both for me. Put your money where your mouth is but also let your voice be heard so others are informed and they can participate. Pri, I think they're saying that if you consciously spend, you can make a change. Let's say I have 300 diamonds. I can spend it all in BOLAS to show how much I love it and want a sequel or can choose to scatter the diamonds in different books that all dirty 30s. What would the data show? In scenario A, it shows that I LOVED Bolas and spent all my diamonds on it. Scenario B shows that I love steamy scenes (so more romance side of stuff) and that will continue to spend on it. Now, multiply this by 500 players who did the same and that's their analysis of what players did and use that for future books. In all honestly, it sounds great, makes sense, but people will play how they play. I think us taking accountability of the inequality of stuff is not right. We as consumers should dictate stuff but they as providers should be more aware and provide it. lol its okay, at least now Drew won't forget it even if he tried sad reality what happened to your keurig since you're suddenly my neighbor at 1234 Harvard Ave, I will be right over yeah we went crazy in no spoiler lol his angry face is confused and frustrated Sienna hard for me to dislike him since I date Justin's lmao its the assertive, low tempered cockiness I tell you gets me every time :CharmanderHi: ~~when your gayness is a plus lmao~~ sidelined blondes.... would you count Avery? he gets the spotlight for sure, but like, I think the scenes did not compare jferghsrgjisur LMFAO NO yeah, I found one but its not the first link for some reason. made it confusing thank you!! I literally squealed cause Daddy Drew called me Junebug also thanks everyone! I'm actually really impressed none of us repeated a birthday month shhhhh they don't know about that lol :zoeywink: :wut: I am APPALLED can you believe this mess? :bartiemad: lmao how dare you be funny in my time of suffering but seriously, I feel bad for everyone who joined during "adventure, horror, romance" we will know we hit rock bottom when they do a BDSM book lmao I hate how accurate that is as we are talking about this I am playing the one where you're a brat LOL Playing Hard to Master lol it isn't the worst but its kinda boring ngl He's like Cassian- attractive and sweet For the genre options:
Romance: TRR
Steamy: TNA gross BEL, I knew it it's why I changed it you mean three females sitting on a throne isn't sexy enough for you? Open Heart is 100% romance right? or is more drama? I wonder when it comes back if it'll take TRR place so the third one would be drama for OH? ugh place your bets, I think we will get the first chapter where we wake up with LI in bed, do couply stuff and still don't get an ily or committed convo until chapter 8 kinda like Dixon and MC LMAO I hate it I love the characters, but I hate it wait wdym about the OH/WEH thing cause Ethan appears in WEH oh, I thought of it like WEH is a true story and it was adapted did Keiki name the school she was accepted into? could've dropped a Hartfeld there 16 I thought old enough to consider college but not go unless she's a braniac dual-enrollment anyways, maybe OH3 will give us an easter egg lmao you beat me to it I was like faaaam, what jsdfdshj they re-tweeted it they're losing their minds I am still dumbfounded at how they've done nothing right :kek: us earlier: PB lacks attention to detail
PB: bet 👀 Problem with that is more writers doesn’t mean good books. I hope whoever joined the team isn’t scared to vouch for everything that’s not romance I would think decrease their team cause of expenses. Buuuut, we shall see how that works out. 6mo contracts aren’t as lucrative as one would think. You earn more money with more experience and the longer you stay. That contract is basically paying you what you do for that short period in the cheapest way possible Is it just me or did they up their business lingo? I feel like they weren’t as strictly worded. Alas yes, they can’t just flat out say they wouldn’t hire anyone full-time for more years. No one would apply lol. We will see which new writers stay a longer time. Sorry Pri, I just did some checking and one of the writers who left did ES Jen, apparently. Taage was a writer as well and he left long ago seems like another one bites the dust it’s the way they gave me the great book that is MM and then got pushed out the door a n n o y e d I am playing it as we speak. EW ETHAN WHAT IS WRONG WITH HIS FACE the hospital looks futuristic https://tenor.com/view/who-are-you-people-spongebob-patrick-gif-7335905 new Ethan got plastic surgery cause he got tired of being called old to MC's back for carrying the entire hospital you see that hidden person on the right door, barely noticeable? its Aurora. how? three fingers down, index pointing, thumb to the back? Omg wait the finger I thought extended was the thumb Yeah, no they fucked that up watch them allow us to get a dirty 30 as a farewell PB is that type of weird https://tenor.com/view/simon-cowell-thats-a-no-its-a-no-its-a-no-from-me-gif-7663264 Pri, I literally was just talking about this earlier She removed the gibberish but doesn’t sort out the choices with corresponding dialogue or events She basically takes the decode, removes the frills, and gives it to people like... you do that and then you watermark it as if it’s your stuff? plz there’s so many ways to do it and that’s an interesting idea I would try it for fun but not sure how effective it would be she’s just way too entitled about her stolen content lol I wouldn’t put it past PB but I also think it’s fans reaching. Anything to protect Ethan and the valuable relationship Lmao we got the picture. You can stop sharing the posts! Thanks This book will be so fun https://tenor.com/view/marge-simpson-the-simpsons-shy-shame-ashame-gif-16916873 https://tenor.com/view/jos2-whosthat-gif-5705497 lmao I didn't mean it literally, just meant that it looks nothing like her imo Apparently there’s a new writer who joined the OH3 staff. Not sure if hired from another company. But with the lay-offs that’s been happening, time will give us more info on what they’re planning Don’t recognize the name from newsletters Her pinned tweet is kinda... out there Lmao. Oh this isn’t the pinned tweet lol. I shared that in cursed chat I do like her excitement as well. Always good to have passionate people Kyobeans LMAO wut no idea I think continually speaking them, account, and anything else related to that nature is exhausting at this point. they're gonna be them and we will do us. Sonia... its what she deserves I feel bad that I didn’t acknowledge it I just didn’t know the answer lol KAHOOT Is it for us!??? It’s Metta glossing over what Bel said AGAIN Lmfaoooo I love kahoot as well and I can’t wait to play It’s fine, I was just poking fun and I’ll tell you all about it BEL LMAO It’s Bel uno reversing us when Metta been the one ignoring you the audacity It’s the dang for me lmao Yeehaw I’ll stop roasting you. It’s been a rough month for you You are the Bryce expert METTA WHY DID YOU EMOTE ME r u d e Anyways Rip Metta You still haven’t gotten your stimmy??? Check your bank. Mine was added and I didn’t even expect it cause I get checks in the mail Weird I ignored that option. It scared me See, I don’t have direct deposit and this one was direct deposit so I was so confused I read the memo and then I was like... oh? Nope: never do This is amazing. Thank you! Bel Report back to me plz I don’t have the link and I’m on my phone ..... the SB MC I figured you were going to check to find the answer to your wonder Bel, this is not the time for selfies You goober WHAT ,!??!??! where’s the race part lol Point taken. I’d like to keep my racist jokes at the score I am at rn. Which is 0. When you say hands... do you mean the position of the arms like hand on hips or actual... differences to their fingers? uh huh Why he got a mustache?? Who is that lmao I’m talking about the messed up photo Is that what y’all are talking about? Oh, you were quick to say Liam and Cassian... I was like how. It’s a neck. It’s Ethan for all I care Ugh, Bel. Can I hire you to host a class? Sprites 101. I need it. I am totally okay with that I hate it. Honestly, PB sucks at decision making but that's a little too extreme I think their efforts are going more to VIP books and that's a shame seems to me like they just don't manage well the resources and time evenly and yeah, since VIP is money, it is at an advantage what happened with aster? from the jump or later on? 👎 what I'd do to sit her down and just rip her apart she needs to humble down what you want me to do? hop in her dm's? she'd ignore it lmao "if you don't ass kiss than get your butt outta here" That’s literally how I picture laws going Why did I think this was slow burn? I really got my hopes up for a sabotage lmao fight me my tatas are always calm, can't say the same for yours 💋 Hiii Pri, hope you're having a swell day and enjoying your break uh huh, sureeeee he madddd :nyangiggle: oh that's hot he madddd :kr_zz_DaisyGiggle: isn't that because of the customizing? thanks Pri, always know how to say what I mean I'm petty :owoSmug: luckily I'm both duality Bel, the greatest thing you've ever said YASSSSSSS it triggered you so it had to be said again I want a long hair male LI manbun for the win its drew still thinking he's funny for me TOM OG bun do the stanky leggggg kajndkhbfkdslm anyways manbuns yes OMG I FORGOT GAVIN MY BOY WRONG ONE COME ON UBER BOT THERE HE IS good bot Bel if you can switch one LI to manbun, who would it be its bel not answering me oh, do continue I pick... Prince Diavolos. something about the eyebrow slit and manbun that calls to me oh shit right I was gonna say Simon since he has the long-ish hair but I like it how it is although he'd look great with a manbun too I still want to learn this :(( I have no idea how to use this knowledge Lu go brrrr BET I WON'T LMAO There’s so many variables so the safest answer is before the chapter’s release. I think most have it at least a day or two before. It feels a bit unfair to say that they’re being “forward” because they’re going through personal problems? Maybe they’re just that frustrated with the situation, which it seems like, since they spoke on their frustration that their original comment on feeling excluded went ignored. I support the language thing. I don’t support not using credible people to fully translate. You can’t just choose a word, there’s so many dialect, meanings in different contexts. My one grievance. Physics gang. I'm a crime scene, murder doc nerd and learning the logistics/analytics of it was awesome my physics teacher was also a horror buff so we just went around watching scenes and proving/disproving the accuracy of them he was one of the better parts of my senior year he also loved Star Wars and dressed up every year as Darth Vader, he would greet us at the door and say "may the 4th be with you" I love goofy people like that yes! I know some people would tease him but I respected him so much for being so care free and making class fun despite people questioning the methods we all know high schoolers are brutal PB makes this a book, I dare you. Probs cause OH was the golden book A lot of their socials was about it, raving about how great it is or people looking forward to next chapters and thought if someone wanted to check out the app.. they’d see this. The future looks bright based on these ads lol… Bryce knocks up his bro’s gf and Ethan is the ruler of some foreign country And next week on Jerry Springer… real life Superman gets sued for reckless endangerment I never made it past second mid-book I only checked of Euphoria since it’s the only one I watched and enjoyed I’ve gotten three of those ever since I downloaded the app lol It’s been a thing for a while Really? That’s weird. The last time I remember getting that was with the new age rating at the store I’m glad I found this. Lol You damn right. Guess PB and I gotta battle now more wholesome and appealing ngl bolas is the book I’m least excited about in the lineup So you know it’s stacked Surrender hyped to the max I WILL FIGHT Metta square up Be crime, do gay Drew: I do crimes, did hard time, got a hot man with a awesome behind. that’s your new anthem hoe Drew will literally explode combusting as we speak zinger 😂 that’s for sure the way I remember him I romanced him too. I’d still let you feed off me Adrian got feddddd R I P THAT          AYEEEE OMG YES. It looks like a younger, paler Sinclair I romanced him, I’m allowed to roast what his kid would look like idk, I got kinda excited when he wanted to fight the old weird guy. Til he got shot like a dumbass I hit my all time high and low at that part lmao Poppy supremacy. Mean girls FTW Enemies to lovers but make it ✨ gay ✨ Bet. Although I do like her as just a FWB but I know others want her as an LI, so give them the option. omg bet x2 Carter smexy. A lil dull cause he doesn’t get enough of background but gimme more 😂😂😂 Sounds like HSM but no basketball fae, where did you go? You can argue people’s behavior towards this shows division was there long before 👀 what do we want it for convince me and I’ll do it lmao probs cause I think iPhone won’t have ittttt unless you are iPhone… why not? I got money this is how we learn It’s not irresponsible if it works and if it doesn’t, than we learned It’s called investing PRI Because *I’m* cool It makes perfect sense I need to know what the correct way looks like so I can have an idea of how off this is I think I do from when I downloaded xcode Let me run a command to see I guess not, hmmm. let me get it My AaronxZig dreams are ruined. I read this and immediately went “Oh no, Yvette” Maria from HSS was the closest stickler to the rules for a while although it was with everyone expect a teacher 😂 Child's play I am naming queen Fatima. she's gorg (AME beautician for those wondering) Shiny screen It’s not anymore It’s been released to the public Glitch. Cause I only have SW Weird flex but ok they always release that when some app rating change is made among weird tiny things that they prob nerd out about OOOOO GIMME LIKE 2 HOURS I’M IN I don’t have wifi at home so I gotta go somewhere with wifi and do this shit plus I gotta visit the library for hw 😭 when you just said what works for me doesn’t work for you lmao I’m kidding skfhjjsj This is my plan for today:
- shower
- buy an Apple Watch
- probs get lunch
- hw oh I didn’t realize it was barely 9am… yeah we can do this closer to noon 😂 I’ve been awake for a few hours and didn’t realize how early it’s been. COW LMAO Scott & Jen I like it Bel No need to compare it to anything else you should make one with our dilf facts sign me up tf is a bolas? anywho SB/SW BRO YES MM :SquirrelLoveShower: i love this song I just realized your name is still Matt I can't make a damn typo here in peace lmao my phone set me up! I want a new one but apple won't help me it does calling you out next time no such thing evil matt is this the sideplot to TNA3 evil sam + ex wife Holmes. this shit got me wrong perfect match MC.... he's not but its ok ❤️ omg I got the warm fuzzies :ASpeepolove: can I be your bridesmaid? I'll finally get to meet Metta's friend that he thinks would get along with me drunky skunky open bar we love you I love a good drunch shit caps the morning off amazing :O jealous chinese food is my go to greasy lo mein with beef? and boneless spare ribs? 😋 I really gotta try korean BBQ omg yes pls haven't done a buffet in soooo long stop making me hungry metta I already decided to eat chinese food tomorrow fae... if you didn't throw my driving choices in my face we could've be feastin I haven't hard chicken parm in so long. damn. metta you got flight money? I will visit you asap if you do its either lose an arm or swim the whole way there how kind of you you acting like spirit airlines gonna do the job right lol my layover would be fricking ohio wow, my favorite state o g i o Lu does love to travel.... oh boy not a coffee debate lol BLACK FRIDAY I work black friday and I am big mad I am so excited for baked ham+pineapples my stomach growling rn roast pork shoulder I am gonna gain 30lbs what's the substitute? we just party get drunk food coma repeat Friendsgiving is amazing!! I’ve done it with my actual friends, coworkers, etc always a great time I am officially going to my first work Christmas party I am soooo excited ours is at a local, glam bar peak boston gonna find myself a lover :) 👀 what in the world Luz A mini me. Separating newborns and school aged kids isn’t the same. School aged ones are used to forming their own friends and interest. They got their own personalities so the distance is cool newborn babies literally know nothing but the comfort they felt when they were sleeping together in the womb Right? Metta did me right. LMAO fae up to some trouble rn :ruserious: :SONIAWINK: Azura Make fun of someone you don’t like 🤣 wow, I’m a mental health enthusiast they look gross and empty my niece/nephew love them and it seems like it offers very little taste when did the app challenge change from 2 chapters to 3? I just noticed it and I'm big sad I had the 2 for 2 deal. shame that extra chapter hurts do you play mobile? the ads now are interactive if you don't do the "press here" or "swipe here" it won't count. so, do the game command, it'll take you to the app store, hit close (x) or back to app, and then it should go through. people on Reddit are coming out with their hot takes and can I say IT’S ABOUT TIME. Take out the mf’in trash boo the OG post may, but the comments itself is a diff narrative ^^ and it should be to no one’s surprised how more kind and reasonable they are. comparisons are dumb, generalizations are stupid… play the book and give a thoughtful critique or don’t touch it or speak on it 🤷🏻‍♀️ I’m buying them a round of shots. they went from small business to a bigger funded company- so roles and expectations change when it’s someone else’s money and quota are trying to meet. I didn’t say smut exclusive. Any book that has good feedback will be getting better treatment and fast track to sequels. And they have said time and time again, the ones people think are the best are not keeping the lights on. It is to them and they’re still around and doing better than they have for a while back. There was a time where they were rough and they corrected. And they said they’re working on it, which I don’t believe, but that’s on them. It’s not tossed in the gutter yet so they’re still working to keep others happy hold on, I’m busy so I can’t express myself accurately TBC Ok reviving:  
- “don’t talk if you don’t read” is valid. I don’t see it as a way to stop conversations, but we can all agree people like to just be super negative and share that negativity as in facts.  

What I think people mean by this is to give the book a shot, wasn’t for you? Cool. Share why without being disrespectful. Going to just diamond mind? Cool, share if there’s anything that made it a little interesting. Constant hate is just exhausting for everyone.  

- “cancelled books are cancelled, so move on” can be expressed better. For me, I think it’s the comparison’s that are annoying. I know others agree. We get it, you liked those books and wanted to have a series out of them- I enjoyed some of them myself but I won’t just go around and say “we got TNA9 but only 1 DS” cause it’s not fair to those who liked both or either.   

We can be upset because of the lost potentials but also support PB for making hard decisions. Writers don’t want their books to be a standalone, but they gotta do what is best for them, and we can be sad it came to that and continue giving feedback through their surveys and on the monthly newsletter when they ask what genre we want to see next, tell them! Vote! you prob will get it, even if you have to wait a while. - “sex sells, etc” is not a shield but fact. Society decided sexy is all the way in. Books on these topics will be on shelves, magazines with covers on how to spice it up will be sold, blah blah blah.  

I have three thoughts on this:
 1) Sexy books is not for everyone. You know what you’re tolerant of, you know what you like, so if you know that Surrender/TNA/Witness is not going to be something you enjoy, that’s so fine. Ridiculing the book because of the mature themes is not. I don’t see someone discussing BOLAS saying “wow this is for nerds, can’t believe you fantasy lovers think this is amazing” but there’s people who will speak on the more hyper-sexual books on how disgusting they are, how horny people are ruining the app- or the dreaded “fb moms.” It’s a bad look. So this goes back to my first point, don’t go out of you way to be extra negative. Stay away from the book if it’s not for you or if you want to give it a shot, go ahead. If you learn then why it’s not good, just say why. There’s always a better way to express yourself that doesn’t have to put down others.  

2) The sexy books being of lesser quality talk is just frustrating. If someone wanted to read about meeting someone and boning them in the next scene that follows, they can go to other apps which provide it quick and easy. PB does a pretty good job at fleshing out emotions, building up relationships and then the scenes itself (we all can name some disastrous moments so we can all agree they can do soooooo much better). Just cause it has sex in more chapters doesn’t mean it’s lesser quality because it’s just not easy writing a good sex scene. 3) I’ve said this before and I’ll just share it again… I don’t get how some people like sex scenes in SW, TRR series, BOLAS, PM or QB but then think PB is going down the drain with recent books that just have more sex scenes. The books still have a plot, whether you think it’s a good one or not is up to debate, but sex has been around since day one. Some books didn’t have it, which is great, but we literally got to hookup in most of the OG books so why is there a problem with more sex scenes now? Just say it’s the book you don’t like and leave the sex out of it. Say that you want to see more of *blank* and leave out the part of I want less of *blank*. Papi, ya tu sabes. what do the skies say rn? @FraternalGemini Since you re-stated some of your original comments, seems like you didn’t read much into the points I touched upon. If anyone else has any points, I’d like to hear them as well. @DaHomieDrew I watched a livestream snippet of Corpse talking about how cool gaming and all the jazz is but he kinda misses the creepy pasta narration videos. So here is my idea, we submit him to narrate choices books. Which LI’s/MC do we picture with deep voices for him to go all static on LI-
1) Mal. I just feel like he’s got the rough voice.
Damien. This is kind of a cop out cause they said it in game but whatever, he can speak low and Spanish to me LMAO Listen, Sam is my bitch but I gotta say, he got a high pitch voice I’m talking Chris Evan’s high the two I said aren’t ever that low but deeper in the list of people OH BASTIEN Since he growls and shit stop that was just a funny typo 💀 vocal fry is so hot Thank you for making him hotter Ethan totally vocal fry’s because that’s just how he shows disinterest. What a guy 😂 don’t be shy same my ideas went poof I searched up vocal fry on YT and fell into a rabbit hole of who out-whistles who lol Omg I just searched him up and I’m crying I can picture him telling MC to bend over in that voice skdhdhsjsh end FRAT IS2G DYING I heard the lowest note! Bless my ears wait sksjsjsjshs not me being in a trance after the low note and the next bitch vocal frying START A RIOT that was a punch the one girl who sang like a fricking flute and violin, honey. Bless you. The crescendo was a masterpiece If Kelly Clarkson is not here, I don’t want it. for the purpose of gearing this back… I ruined the vibe. Sue me. It was either me or someone else 🥺 gimme your grudge men Yeah. I found him with no sleep and ugh. Just such a good voice I know it’s from illness and he suffers but way to use a bad thing and make something good from it He also found such a cute, loving group of streaming friends because of what he did. So wholesome. 10/10 want to hug This week’s newsletter is gonna be like:
1. Hey, you’re still pissed but we got you. BOLAS will be out by end of 2022-early 2023.
2. how about those graphics? The new people are super eager to get started on the new books- you’ll want to stay tuned.
3. We had a survey go around, make sure to fill it out so we can hear from you.
4. Vague outline of the new lineup- COP, secret book, and then wide release of VIP books Don’t make Aku live her step bro life :( Hi, that’s me :) :( get your agile booty over here you sussy wussy :SONIAWINK: I like when you post this cause it’s like your pfp is reacting Carter: 👁️👄👁️
Also Carter: heh Spider-Man meme Don’t you love when you some sooner Metta don’t entertain that 💀 What in the QB/PM/Witness crossover Should be soon. They’re a minute late from last month I’m gonna fight PB I need the newsletter to drop for distraction reasons It is afternoon They meant evening Silly goose https://tenor.com/view/benedict-cumberbatch-go-away-bye-leave-gif-5875554 They’re writing it as we speak I WAS RIGHT LMAO I FUCKING CALLED IT MOVE OVER AKU. I AM THE REAL INSIDE SCOOPER Untamable is Surrender pt 2 Cursed Hearts is Surrender pt 3 arrgggggg its here no lol SW but not really BOLAS2 October 2023 what is DA ? Metta and I would love this MC is secretly a twin and her twin had a daughter that looks JUST like the heir and they switch You can thank me later, PB isn’t Liam adopted? oh I knew they weren’t full blood 😅 well, maybe there’s one more brother who didn’t make it That’s the dad What the heck does WIP stand for thank you I know it wasn’t this but in my head I said Written in Persian How talented of you nice to meet you Joey Graceffa when someone interrupts me mid-glam Reddit 👏  mods 👏  pop 👏  off 👏 they're over the blatant disrespect of some users to others and made a call out post reminding everyone of the rules. they highlighted WB, QB2 and Surrender. :mhm: just cause it happens doesn't make it ok. pretty sure there's been an influx, given they named some newer books, and they're calling for it to stop. won't stop people but it shows they aren't gonna tolerate it so easily wonder where I heard that before lmfao idc either. give them books to play as male only, it's fair. but dismissing a book cause it's female MC only is my trouble area they can def try it. wouldn't hurt. just more data to prove who is their breadwinner I would prefer Female/Male MC than GOC tbh. of the ones I played, they're not the best. not even done well either I just find the writing super subpar *cough* FA it shouldn't be safe and mild, you can make them as if they're two diff LI's but same story and then add the variable anyway, PB will make mistakes. It's human... but I still want them to be risky, exactly you can call the newer sexy books as a risk. not the worst of them but after all the backlash as they transitioned to sexier making complete sex books is a big one Hail Mary is TNA for sure. I would call VIP an interception. to me, this is a cry for money. VIP made good books. people were happy, but fast-tracking all books to be VIP now is bad in my eyes. it only did well because they gave it special attention, if all books are now labeled this, you're gonna have the hit and miss we have now yup I see that warning and just :blink: bel lmao here indescribable asian lookin nice 👀 I don't ever see the guys options unless shared cause I obvs go for girls LMAO honey :CB_run_laugh: of all people I eat fish, thank you very much Mara soft on me ✨ again✨ what did I do to deserve this ❤️ Listen Raleigh Mara, we need to play a game where we say who we romanced cause I am starting to believe we got the same type Mara and I gotta do a tier list. but would she go for Everett 👀 slkadmwfsjnt NO its everett or julian .julian slow burn LMAO Mara, if you say *him*, I will scream. place your bet- do I mean E or J ...... mhm he's nice, literally all he got going for him Rae got taste anyways, I'm not screaming. I would've if she chose Julian E-vet gn .img jack ms match .img jaq ms match bro not the one photo .img jaque monroe there we go latina all the way but black is fine asf too the sprite I've disliked most so far is Marco from HC he's just not pretty yes he's big everywhere but his head its jsurt dlFKsgjrdh .img marco hot couture he looks like he sharted team boss forgot her name yes everything is too tight he scares me I ran into travis arms but he was ugly too he's my fave ginger so far tho the other one was not it oh wait, I was thinking of simon but he's blonde. I forgot. my fault lmfao which one was it Metta batting bitches left & right gimme the plot Sunkissed? PtR? WT? LH? LMAO really? .img rising tides .img rising tide LI for sure thought you would pick latina writer frat omfg outta nowhere bet' cause she stole the show but also didn't mind her business mood Metta.... jk but you know somehow I feel like this was the Madeline & Liam relationship thing Regina not being step... Cordonian people: eat the apple OR PERISH I would pay big bucks for Olivia to murder MC no hesitation. 👀 fariz I want a link A man wanting a book to be male led isn’t a bad thing and I will die on this hill. a book once a year with rep is good for everyone and hurts no one. also explain the Ina’s wife part. I don’t think it has to be lustful either? Just let them have a book male led. It’s nice that girls get them, and yeah we dominate the population of players, but they can just make an effort. Again, a book here and there to test the field and get results is normal and makes people enjoy if it suits them. no one said obligation? We want LGBTQ+ rep? We want powerful women rep. Why not give a man a damn book that they’re the MC? surrender is nice in that. I like two sides of the story. Most wanted was too ok so let it happen? Trial and error is life. You can’t be successful if you don’t play the field it’s all data. Why do you talk about the men who play as all macho? Why is that the stereotype? what if they want a wholesome-geeky sci-fi book but they’re a man. Let them dream of that also, if you don’t like it when someone says go play books you like and don’t play the ones you don’t… you shouldn’t endorse the same but with video games? no you specifically but people how is that not fair? Same thing is being said but in flipped situations. That can bother you, obviously I see them too in there. Along with all the smut shames that do the same under every post. It is bothersome, and there’s better ways to request stuff. She’s me dropping food down my shirt. Watching VH1 ain’t a secret babe lmao only the hips know bout it my dad loves little woman Atlanta lmao Ayeeee ❤️ 🤤 Ethannnnn we love Santa Do you want chocolate chip cookie or gingerbread https://tenor.com/view/cookies-food-dessert-chocolate-chip-cookies-national-chocolate-chip-cookie-day-gif-19073253 That ad was hilarious. I’m here for all the drama That’s the most accurate ad I’ve seen so far you won’t read it again get some sleep homie. you struggling ✨ no ✨ :pepehatgent: she thought she did sumn FORGET ABOUT YOUR PAST HOMIE NO] not this bitch being messy I thought she was part of the community but she's also very ignorant which confused tf out of me I get not accepting, but the stuff she says is straight no brain juice again, she speaks of a place more of ignorance than hate in my eyes which is super confusing. cause like, how has no one educated her? #2 for me. I’m the most loved ❤️‍🔥 that’s your narrative 😜 LMAO they were so late last time Still got an hour and 10 mins QB meets Hunger Games NVM I like this instead Every time they post late, it’s no-news They like to break hearts early in the day 😂 New year, same BS ITS A WIN FOR THE HOES I’m kidding, but like, bring on the sexy me after a long session Zzzzzzz I want a hallmark cliche set in Vermont Alaska Surrender 2 :CB_tea: My app is up to date and still looks like that I don’t have the new UI’s my modded doesn’t either lmao Logan omg wordle is so fun! it’s a web game, there is a daily word and you basically try to find the answer. All the words are 5-letters long. Grey means wrong, yellow means correct but in the wrong spot, green means correct and in the right spot. it recently blew up but it’s been around for a while so noooo idea. My coworkers and I all play against each other lol LOL me staring at white men it is what it is Isn’t it fridays day early buddy lol wtf? it’s me not knowing that but still having kept tabs on them 😭 wow, I take it back. Carry on buddy LOL what happened to it I have so many questions I hope it was an old phone so you’re not spending a lot of money so soon! what are you thinking of getting? Gives me sorcerer vibes. Human MC seeking ultimate power hopefully we get evil MC PB don’t be shy, give it to us. No checkpoints included. I’m assuming that it’s because it’ll be available for Gen public in April which is a couple of months away. Girl in the preview is Val from TC&TF. She’s an LI option .img val I know what you’re saying and I think you’re right Bel. In comparison to nowadays, TFS literally showed emotion with every dialogue. Every time they spoke there was the flashing color with their mood. Unless it’s anger or sadness, they don’t really show much. Nowadays, it’s a scowl, half smile, semi frown and neutral. yeah, I took that as deadpan too She wasn’t offended but exhausted by her expected comment even reading the script has maybe 2-3 prompts but very random. don’t remember RCD like that but I do remember it being more expressive it’s just the newer books :/ I need examples lol I’m interested in what drunk looks like ?!?!?! oh wow also the way the heads are set up reminds me of that snake game on Nokia phones 😂 Honestly yeah, when they frown for heartbreak scenes… bro just draw tear or something MsM top tier Bringing it back Don’t worry about it, they don’t bother me Ahmed :) omg she does look tipsy idk how they’d do it but I wish they had side eyes or even an attempt of eye rolls. Poppy/MC would’ve owned that shit do it again is this about Holly?? playboy bunny LMAO I meant Bel’s screen idk know her but I’m here for the bimbo aesthetic omg I love that video so much her laugh also reminds me of Cat from Victorious & himbos Never too many I can kinda hear it. She sounded like Ari mixed with Kim A stereotype of attractive, sex positive but dumb women. I. Fucking. Love. Her. Chrissy, baby. She a doll. that was me, I mentioned it Lmao IS THAT HIS ACTUAL NAME? say sike rn https://tenor.com/view/dead-zombie-me-waitng-for-a-love-life-gif-9573978 why they do him like that 😭 I will. Someone gimme the ouija board, I got questions. this woman done fucked up his life with that name thank god he realized Beau was the answer LMFAO SHE THOUGHT SHE ATE LMAO this woman tried so hard to make him sound regal but then slapped on the most yeehaw last name this bitch is psycho she better be thinking of her actions down there she got lots of  time. A token straight that’s on thin ice 😭😭😭 fucking funniest joke you’ve ever made It’s an honor some claim the pope and but we claim the -bos we don’t do stupid we do naive goofy to the point I wanna slam my head yes name one street smart fact rn I’m timing you tic toc You failed I said street smart not common sense shit has been taught since we were 4. Street smart ain’t taught, it’s learned on the fly oh man layhurs…. Down bad. DENIED. WITHDRAWN. KAPUT. FINIDO. How you feeling? I planned on getting mine today but there’s a storm lmao I said sike. don’t forget to hydrate and don’t baby the arm. I never had symptoms after my vaccines and I really don’t want any after this booster. this pains me can someone scream chiropractor Thanks I know what it means Lol. that’s why you only go to professionals But I’m glad you know to vet. Makes me happy, Bel brainbo lay… byeZ WHAT :dead: baby… do you mean Peter 😭 you know what I forgot that was his name I thought you were taking about Chris and I was like wtf but you right. Brian is the dog and I will go with it I was always more into The Simpsons But family guy is fun You know what a lot of people liked that I just couldn’t get into? South Park. I’ve seen clips and some of the stuff is funny but like… as a whole? Very shitty. and I like vulgar/crude/morbid humor the jokes don’t take much brain power I do enjoy the pop culture references not sure if they still do it, but back then those would get giggles anyways, yeah. That show sucked. Guys liked it and I only would watch some around them before zoning out miss thang wearing her mardi gra fit to deliver her baby dksfg a mood he hiding nuts "wah coo-eee?" I expect complaints not cause it’s rep rights but people make those same excuses for other books so why would they just stop for this Ya know what I mean I’m not sure what they’ve said about this book but I think it’s not going to do anyone favors going in there with expectations. I’d have an amazing idea to pitch to PB but it would mean to step out of their comfort zone and switch up the themes that they’re used to I like it Mara don’t do it. You’ll have a 3 second transition of when you press on the icon to it switching over to the app to start up. Useless and ugly. How did you not know this? Mara and I are bluestacks hoes THIS LOOKS LIKE BASTIEN. money moves :money_DV: TC&TF had violence and sex.
TF had sex and more mature themes (violence, blackmail, etc) I’ll concede that HSS is the more wholesome series in the app but let’s not pretend it was all bubble gum and flowers with the OG books. The comment was a shift focus. The focus has always been the same. Make money. it’s just a game. you got 6 tries to guess the 5 letter word. it’s the same word for everyone around the world There is a share button lmao… we don’t pick the boxes in emojis 💀 a jock who knows more than sports? gasp signed by a jock. Tom Brady retired so for sure. There’s a vacancy :) I’ll sign him rn. Got Craft on speed dial Fae wants you give you Sinclair LMAO knew it 😂😭 scooter PB didn't want the straight A student to become a jail bird how sad am I trippin or that star look diff..... it looks GROSS. it's differeent it is it looks skinnier but more rounded idk this is me with foundation lmao they’re sisters Pri 😭 imagine being bitter cause a book that’s doing great got a sequel touch some grass. not touching bolas, but I agree with this list. I've tried to get into but it's slow-paced and I didn't finish. Mal is an attractive sprite but not enough for me to try again anytime soon WAIT I DIDN'T EVEN SEE THE ENTIRE THING LMFAO. TROY IS ABSOLUTELY NOT THEM. he's watered down asf FACTS I binged the book since I was beta VIP. so it was a fun read fb, reddit fb private groups are literally haters simmering in their hate pool it’s really pathetic you’ll see the snippets under the official choices page comments. MM is a good choice. It was quite fun. I get that. I would probably start half of them and then never end it cause I'd jump to the next one released. you know who needs it more than him? yeah. get on that. adam babe, pretty sure fae isn't singling you your comment was the last on this page but I don't find them related since it wasn't an actual reply, you know? it's like if I just came in and changed the topic but instead of words, it's gif but they did say it wasn't so I would take their word on it. also, when is the next blog post? I need to confirm something. I acknowledged your confusion but explained what the sitch is I was gonna say that's far but then realized it's the first of the month. so make sense don't say y'all cause I've done nothing. that would be book based, not like the general insiders. the team review/comments omg interview, that was the word. I originally meant the insider email with lineup. SR will get the blog post in a few months cause the sequel is in the works. I need CH to be confirmed demon LI next week 💔 it starts off rough, ends well. if you mean that one scene, it was scrapped. he's an animal, so like.... yeah. animal instincts. Morgan was a red flag too. they both end on solid notes. like I said, he was written to highlight his primal side. Justin is human and just an ass once it gets to the actual plot, hunters/werewolves, it was cool. MC is a badass. Simon was too sweet. I can't stand overly sweet characters so I had to choose Justin. Mary Jane's will be the death of me. idk what the male version of that is or any other version, at that. YOU CALL IT SUE? I just googled. wow. I hate it. Mary Sue. I've always heard as Mary Jane/Plain Jane... huh. fun. but yes. that kind of writing is not for me. it's the same when the villain has this insane masterplan like, normal people are villains too. it doesn't have to be that deep. oh I was gonna say I've seen enough divorce/custody battles where people are just assholes I liked his writing the spin about the clout was a nice touch who is craig I know ES OH Mr. America , yeah on this note, I don't like that everyone who disagrees with MC is a villain... let homie have their opinion and not disrupt mine lmao I like the buildup from grudge to hate though. make them resent me for a lot of things. layers complexity I wouldn't know. what are his reasons? I'm going to be honest, that doesn't give me enough backstory to agree he's a good villain. I'd have to know more about the trauma and psyche is he a well-loved character cause if he is, I’d agree it sounds a lot like pretty boy syndrome I know Landry is hated lol. Yeah aerin There it is. it basically means attractive people can get away with being jerks. and they’ll be defended/supported for it. I would say Poppy got more layers than the people we’ve talked about. That too I really dislike people tossing the word trauma around. When did it become the “it” word would it be? I think tik tok trended it I’ve seen post on both platforms and Twitter is more mental health advocating than others I’m not a tik tok fan aside for some jokes but they’re sent to me. I cannot be arsed to spend time on the app and find stuff DO NOT GET ME STARTED ON THIS. The way some characters are described as abusive… I will fucking fight. PERIODT. I wouldn’t agree with that either since he’s aggressive and primal. That’s just instincts. It was a whole plot point- MC trying to teach him the ways of humans. they were in a pack in the middle of forest. They avoided humans because they hunted them. They were not humanized. The Reagan abuse comments are so ignorant it burns. It’s the surface skimmers & hate train followers who share this insight. and anyone can dm me on this topic if they’re ready to pull on their big kid undies™️ You said what you said 🍵 I’ll save you the trouble babe OMG I LOVE YOU me: it was me acting up.
you: Lu is the bestest. my heart is full This is what you’re getting on your bday is it accurate and you want to share it or inaccurate and painful? came in to say it’s not just a gen z thing yup Is that what they’re called now??? I don’t like these names. In the trash :ChillBar_trashcan: if you’re problematic, what am I? What’s the highest honor? blessed label me as you want biatches I’m just here His Wife™️ THE Wife™️ was it for emergencies only 😭 with minutes me and Metta crying in Nokias mood. I got a razor in some drawer for emergencies Probs still got 70% of juice too the og sidekick Y’all will never know THIS WAS THE MOMENT LMAO you’re def younger than me. blackberries were the shit with popular kids lol 25. Walkman, Aim, and Xenga is how I age myself THAT WAS MY SHIT bread & butter literally can hear the dial up connection as I speak I was just cheap and did the Black Friday deals where you make a family account and get new releases and when I was on my own, I did the no contract and then traded in my device for new. Costco selling phones is so funny to me but then I remember that BJ’s does it Factory reset, log out of iCloud, and then off find my phone. You’ll be fine. idk why I figured you had an iPhone but then just log out of accounts You’ll get discounted if it isn’t bad not full price dude what are you doing to them I’ve done some cracks and chips and they take mine Metta, that’s a brick. y’all just collecting bricks huh use it for the apocalypse Zombies should be scared of ME yes zombie: Oh no, I got the Lu! LMAO Metta’s colony https://tenor.com/view/twerk-dancing-twerking-butt-wiggle-gif-5003472 FUCK IT UP 👏 Or are they eating you? nibble nibble hummus or ranch or peanut butter just plain? awwww some hummus have an off taste, I prefer homemade. not that I’m making it lol ranch is ok but I prefer blue cheese Was it with pita bread? mood I don’t read it as such. It’s a factual statement lol “ok fine” is funny though. People can’t stand being wrong I was sitting pretty and eating my popcorn it's the end of discussion emoji. as it should. If I was their social media manager, I'd be more blunt. they can't afford me. but I'm really good at being professional. professional bitch. yes. you haven't done anything for me to be bitchy sooo you're safe. for now :) I respect it lol sounds familiar. wanna go to dinner? i know this great place.... click the link and find out cause not right to call out the user that explicitly he hasn't posted it yet LOL ,lADKNSFJ https://tenor.com/view/kristen-stewart-laughing-lol-laughing-at-you-laugh-gif-19297017 anyways shitty opinion and execution all around. he really tried it too https://tenor.com/view/spicy-seasoning-special-touch-signature-gif-15902626 as if they're not clogging up channels saying the same bs I am in this screenshot and I love it. Mara, it was the funniest shit ever. blocked everyone who called him out for his hypocrisy too sir was down bad. yup the only problematic thing related to SR is the so-called fans with pitchfork over it's existence & great reception. just don't talk shit about a book. people just need to stop trashing one to praise another. nothing is ever out of style lol, I mean that trends come and go. so eventually the those things will be used again in another format not me immediately thinking Golden Girls :(( AHHHHHHH it's so funny Will never happen to me Sam doesn’t deserve Hana, so I’m ok with this lmao this is a real give and take relationship with the necks ethan or giraffe I thought you meant high as in standing tall and I was like, cause of the undies duh I got it now Pru lol send them my way i love jokes snort coke!! girl got her whole nasal passage cleared sjdfhg change the topic point and a lot of you would be very offended. It’s linked to an account so that info is not going to be shared lol Maraaaaaaa I look like neapolitan ice cream my chest is multi colored cause of tan lines Just letting you know cause the visual is quite entertaining mwuah