I'm glad to hear it. Done For you Etran95 ^^^ Respect the age limit please Yeah me too! #introductions The pronoun ones > My Dad actually told me my body was "made for a man" was the sum of the message
Your body is made for you, not for anyone else Yes. That is a thing in that server Let me ask someone What roles Added
> could i have the roles pls :)
@opera ghost Done You're most welcome! Thank you for joining ^ Yes! Hi Yukki! Hi! Hope you're doing well! Okay Mara How did I not know that It'll be fun!!! To chatter here again I feel the power Someone stop me Oof Let me check Yukki please do ask for pronoun roles and any other that you like in #discord-suggestions-and-requests Thank you for the emotes Hi! so amazing and comforting to see you here Thank you  I can also do that by myself if needed But I deeply appreciate the support You do you Yukki Thank you again! Thank you for the information! Morning for me! Oof Try eating something, preferably something to keep your energy levels immediately up before you hopefully rest I just took a test online And am waiting for my next class which is in 20 minutes Yes Medical students get 6 days a week It's not regular college Hayley I hope you get some rest No, they're saying they'll reopen this year The date hasn't been finalised yet. Thank you! I hope so too:uwuhappy: For you! It's good to hear! Yes Also they pushed forward our exams for four months They were supposed to be in October True, lab work is necessary Aki bot was in the previous server I added it, but I feel like I gave it the power to react to random messages As long as bots don't take over the world, we'll survive This was my first time actually adding bots to a server btw Pretty new things I'm learning. And it's fun Do you guys miss the uber bot triggers? Because I do. In #discord-suggestions-and-requests Yes. I think some system to ensure that the bot isn't being spammed in every channel if we decide to bring back the triggers again will be required I like the pfp changes Love it I can relate, I get different attunements And perfect match quiz results Comes from inconsistency lol That scene was so good Made me love her all the more tbh OH MY GOD My mom freezes strawberries like that and now I am scarred That would definitely be it But uh, rinse the blueberries thoroughly Oof Thank goodness you didn't eat those Lol !np I actually liked this one !queue Okay so some trouble with the link Yeah ew Uh Oof Works Huh I was just reading the messages and yeah vanished *hugs* Also what are we stealing from Queen Bee's... Oof :BooParty: Thank you for increasing my knowledge When I installed choices I was too obsessed with annihilating my enemies Yay! Pink ranger for the win I used to dream about being one of them when I was younger Whoa Lmao But it takes time to get used to it  I suppose Sounds like you got the most out of it The most I'd get out of a VIP purchase would be the infinite keys Gentle reminder that we have specific channels for VIP books #a-very-reused-assets-book No worries :Dopeyhappy: People like me haven't read the VIP books  The  channel name is very appropriate So many reused assets Mmhmm Yes I feel that too I'm sort of terrified I'm glad i have a bunch of things of distract me right now That is definitely true Mmhmm. No need to figure it all right now One step at a time Coping mechanisms don't solve long term problems I'm really sorry to hear that though You can come in VC if you want It's past noon I'm doing mysterious stuff but forgot breakfast 1:40 PM I slept in because it was a Sunday. The one day I don't have any classes I've got lots of stuff to keep me busy on  Discord right now > I hope you enjoy your day off
I will try my best I don't know how many of those count as hobbies but reading books. Listening to music. Watching YouTube videos and spending time with my family and walking are the things I spend time on the most, outside Choices Aw thank you:Dopeyhappy: I've been trying to  reduce my screentime I'm glad to hear that you think so. Same. Discord, ZOOM and WhatsApp are unavoidable Exactly I do want to get into either photography Or any form of sketching My cousins are really good at it And I feel envious Ohh Wow, I remember some of the photographs you shared Those were so masterfully taken Okay, I am extremely impressed I was wondering about your profile picture for a while But wow, 1952. I don't know anything about vintage cameras Uh, I only took a couple of photographs from my own mobile camera. This really doesn't count as any form of photography But the process sounds interesting The development of photographs And all the chemicals that are used You have to block out every source of light If I recall correctly Oof That I do get The temperature couldn't be regulated by air conditioning? Or inverters That must be difficult where you live So much dedication I mean it is admirable to see The film is the hardest part I remember seeing the undeveloped film once We didn't have mobile cameras in the late 90's So all our childhood photos were on films And it looks utterly indistinguishable From what you'd see now Yeah 1998 Exactly Yay Please do:Dopeyhappy: Night! Thank you for the photographs  > Thanks for chatting 
Loved talking to you:Dopeyhappy: Great! Someone's awake Let me know if any of you reach the required XP For Fan role(1 K) T!rank You have the fan role Same as me So how are we doing now I just emerged out of my room and found surprise guests:DaxYay: They're moving closer to our house and need help shifting from one city to another to make the transition easier They're also very close relatives But it was a surprise to see them, I do like them though, they're family. > meh
Sums it up > :hmm:
Did you get a set time zone, or would you prefer someone to help you? Another reminder to everyone, feel free to request any role you like in #discord-suggestions-and-requests #bots-and-pets-uwu Let's move there @Deleted User  for time zone bot There are others too
But these rank among the top 3 for me  Cyrus:||I AM A SEXUAL ICON|| And Theodosia:||Why is everyone falling in love and getting married but meeeeee|| I could almost hear them both saying it Agreed I liked that perspective Can't relate Try sleeping later on the weekends Always works for me Oof Where are you? 9 25 am and I'm in class Ouch Omg Eww Oof That must be rough Exactly Also more realistic college representation Oof Hayley It's kinda relatable Oh that's good Agreed It's such a tough major too You have to do what's right for you Looks great Mackenzie's wedding dress was so beautiful  Yep Fits her personality too:Dopeyhappy: This sounds so cute Agreed Hana always counts This is extremely relatable True Oof Don't remind me Both Same OMG Like, I have no problem with those that pick older male LI's, or love or romance them. 
This is just not my type Thomas Hunt is 45+? Okay The HWU references are confusing Yeah. This wasn't the best The phone conversations Reeee :Facepalm: Same I worry about cheating on fictional characters I do too Sloane and Hayden seemed extremely okay with it. Hayden acknowledges it a lot and was like, I would never hold you back. :JoJoThink: No, you bring up a good point The relationship is acknowledged by everyone But Sloane and Hayden *and* MC(in my playthrough) should've talked about it as a group I was poor Lmao Oof Ugh Yeah Poor admin parent I- OMG :killme: Yea I DIDN'T KNOW THAT WAS A THING Oof Baby 1 and Baby 2 Please not the TRH sprites Night,Mara :dogeheart: I am the Admin Parent, Night Why did I say that I will play baby bump 2 ? Oh right, in solidarity Oh well Yeah I remember those days Yeah One day at a time, one step at a time Is my mantra nowadays You know you've been spending too much time on Discord when you try to use :uwuhappy: or other emotes in WhatsApp conversations Oof I got a wholesome reply to a question I'd asked and thought of using the uwu happy emote before remembering I was on WhatsApp  The dreams are a different matter, my recurring one is about missing some important exam due to being asleep:ohgodohduck: ^ But the warning is appreciated Are you okay Raven I'm so sorry And I second that. Please avoid Tik Tok if anyone uses it I'm sorry that you came across this. Sorry that this got shared ^ Oh dear God Exactly Humanity is important More important than any social media platform I thought it was pretty obvious from the description and the photos I see in the App Store. Social media Filters can  do anything nowadays. Age any person up. Thank you for sharing the video Mara At LAST I have won We'll see if I level up It does Not really Used to play Badminton Wasn't really good at it It's considered a variation of tennis I guess Me too. Just to relax. Can't name any players Ooh Cool > My backhand is really good
I feel lucky if I manage to hit the shuttle with the racquet I just looked up these positions you mentioned and wow, you're talented  > I was an amateur tennis player until the age of 16 when I had to decide what I wanted to pursue in my life.
Good to hear :uwuhappy: I have fond memories of playing Badminton recreationally though  Class in half hour Me too Ray > I thought u loved Med School? 
@Rayvenrock 
I was seconding Hayley's comment about believing in your ability > hey lovely humans
Hiii :Dopeyhappy: I never studied those myths in any capacity But I enjoy watching their summaries in the form of animations On YouTube channels No idea how they would compare to an actual professional course though But I applaud the fact that you put so much work into it So many of the words we study in medicine come from Latin Also class got delayed for 45 min which means more time to actually absorb my own chapter which I was supposed to read before it:uwuhappy: > It's still the language of science
Yes it is Yeah, it's a bit of a pet peeve for me whenever people refer to Latin as a dead language lol
@Hayley 
Languages are never dead imo Yeah. How is Latin easier in any capacity? Yes Oh I like those languages that follow the rules > Which makes classicists cry
Oof This must be difficult To comprehend Wow It looks so beautiful Yeah I mean. I love how the script looks(?). I don't know if you understand what I am trying to say And yes. I know that feeling about the ancient texts But this is absolutely remarkable > This is an excerpt from Euripedes' Medea
I would have to find a version of it sometimes:uwuhappy: True Yeah I'd call it pacing department? ^ Excited to welcome you to the team!:Dopeyhappy: :uwuhappy: I'm uh You all are messing with me Why is triiodothyronine
named T3 and Thyroxine named T4 Name the large word T4 I am tired I know the reason Don't worry But just saying It would have been so much easier Oof I keep worrying about i and e in English spelling Joke submissions are a thing? You can tell I've been on Discord for a long time:CharmanderHi: Ooh Now I wanna see . But if you don't want to it's okay Bartie just woke up from the grave I am deceased Like.. I didn't know that at the time:Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy:  I am even more deceased  :Dopeyhappy: You can achieve anything you set your mind to This was evil Torrent But in all the servers I am in, this rule is followed   Ouch My first name is always mispronounced and misspelled Congratulations on the Fan role Hayley:Dopeyhappy: :partay: > what's everyone up to today?
Classes  Thank goodness for considerate teachers Our assignments got overlapped and Ma'am extended the time:Dopeyhappy: Yeah. I'm so glad she did Oh, same as me then:Dopeyhappy: Mmhmm. I think I confused something Yeah It's a 5 year program(Bachelors) 22 I am indeed ancient It was a joke:kek: I know lol I think it has something to do with no US High School System followed in my country HSS was probably my second introduction to these terms The first was reading any YA novel I could get my hands on RL Stine, Francine Pascal, Enid Blyton and Roald Dahl are a few authors I remember Me too. Those cliffhangers and getting them resolved  immediately  :ohgodohduck: My pre teen self found them fun to read:CharmanderHi: :Dopeyhappy: Same. Also Famous Five:Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy: I remember every friend group series Malory towers, Mystery Series, Adventure Series Yeah SECRET SEVEN It was so much fun reading those Chapter 9 has been  posted in #mysterious-historical-romance-book  :uwuhappy: :Dopeyhappy:  Yukki I think it's this one Glad you found what you were looking for Please take care of yourself Take all the precautions Exactly This is sickening Yeah Those exist everywhere I'm so sorry Good luck! Take care of yourself The 18+ role allows you to access a specific  channel for that kind of posts Hmm I've been seeing them too.
I think it's more because of the recent TNA chapter The reactions are...interesting I have set a warning to blur NSFW images Since I'm not comfortable with the content Maybe you can try that? Yeah I use the app. But I rarely go on the Choices reddit If you want help with blurring NSFW image setting I can help you. If you go into Account settings. Check this Do you use the app? Go on the notification, then the top left corner of the profile, click on your profile picture if you have any Check the settings Then you'll be able to Blur the NSFW content Ha I don't care about Karma I just want to keep my Reddit and Discord Seperate @unforgivablespelling Did you understand? Anytime! Yes I'm afraid Discord doesn't have that feature the most I can do is enable slowmode But I agree with you about the subreddit The recent 17+ books are contributing to this Yeah true Oh I don't play TNA either Yeah No it's not about who plays what imo Yeah Please I'm in classes again Mmhmm Oh What exactly are syllabus days? Don't you get a specified syllabus that you have to prepare throughout the year? > It's when the professor uses the first class of the semester to explain the syllabus and grading criteria
This sounds ..a little complicated And I assume every professor has their own criteria In every course Ouch Aw Oh thank goodness I have a 50 min break in between classes Uh don't let me interrupt It depends on teachers' schedules Online classes So it's 9 AM to 2 PM most days But Sometimes it can be 3 PM Or our original schedule when we actually attended was 8 AM to 3 PM 6 days a week Yeah i know This is why I sleep early Yay! OMG I'm so excited for you! No .. I've got a test on Saturday  And again preparing for college reopening Yeah I actually Passed The last Saturday test Can't believe :Dopeyhappy: So they're thinking about reopening on alternative days 50 students on one day To maintain social distancing Hope it'll work But I'll definitely give a read to the chapters Voltra You can count on it Yukki you'll found your footing Oof Me too Libraries are fun I actually checked out a book Before my college closed And haven't returned it. Although I know there are extenuating circumstances OMG This sounds so cute Like You were the person that actually checked that book out for the first time This is what led me to restart TRM What was the topic/genre of the book? Ooh Of course they would > after seeing that I wanted to immediately ngl
Stay strong and don't fall for it if it's your first playthrough  > It had a famous German movie adaptation in the 30s and the Nazis tried to destroy every copy
How did your thesis go Hayley I mean, I can't imagine interpreting so much media with a perspective I really admire how much work you must have had to do to write it. What is the Hays Code? If you don't mind telling me Okay this sounds bad to say the least Oh that I actually understand Yeah that would lead to it. Oh so this happened in North America? In the 1930's? Okay. So I think I'd have liked to see the German movie And the book you checked out Sounds incredible the book Not the 1950's adaptation ^ Voltra DM me the link if you can That is sad Incredibly so Ooh Yeah My mom once said to me That she only saw 2 careers Suitable for a woman Doctor or Teacher Guess which one I chose Thank you I hope so I know lol Basically I know I could've studied anything But yeah. It would have been easier if I had less pressure Stop looking at me OMG Yay! You're going to do great! But think about it Yeah. I am not pre-med I am kind of past that stage OMG :redfieldangry: > also (TW, related to the stuff about the cast/crew being killed) ||a lot of the cast was jewish so they died in concentration camps||
No no no no Yeah Karma Nothing Yes I was trying to be nice about it 22 Exactly This is sort of scary to hear ^ Teenage angst and aimlessness I feel like this is better Yeah Oh I hate the fact that everyone thinks that after your early 20's you are declining Night! its literally my entire cultures view of womens timeline
@downer
Mine too It's just 26 and then.. over Same @unforgivablespelling Yeah The future marriage thing is so real though So ingrained into society Yeah Cause of 90% of anxiety This is what I hope to be Hayley ^ Okay my class just started. Prayer circle for it to be audible and the internet to work :takemymoney: Bye.. Good night. Thank you for all you said. Meant so much  I'm 5'3" and you're exceptionally fit! Wow Yeah. I'm tiny Aw. Don't It basically makes it easier to reach shelves my mom can't She's five feet But kudos to your progress In fitness I follow at home workouts Ouch But yeah I can relate The workout I follow is basically something like power walking Yeah. I'm afraid I can't do much more I hope i'll be able too. Once i build more stamina But I'm losing weight Yeah Yes they are I like my height Oof Vqhevhrjebr Nooooo Noooo Stop making me laugh I mean it has a cute nose Yeah Bye:uwuhappy: Hope you all have a good day/evening/night Thanks for the laugh I needed that That's great! Wow Also the MC's But this is stunning I never knew Platinum had this teaser Well Canonically a lot of things I'd like to ignore So many book covers Mind sharing this in #plati-cum-back  Ray Yeah I get it Exactly I think teasers are meant to promote and attract an audience I never said it wasn't weird But still it *isn't* canon The game is supposed to be as the user plays it. Thanks for sharing That would be the opposite from my first playthrough Like Milquetoast said It maybe the default I think I really don't know anything about the etymology of these names Or how these relate to their gender Also if we're discussing Platinum we need to move back to that channel :CharmanderHi: :killme: REEEE Okay it's offline Will be alive soon Hopefully :CharmanderHi: Good Just thought I'd mention Tatsu is working :DaxYay: Also please stop spamming GIF's in general chat channels You never know which ones could be seizure inducing And it is uncomfortable for me to see, please be mindful Thank you :uwuhappy: I'd also appreciate a reminder when new chapter descriptions get updated Ray The GIF warning was also for you Next time I see that one There will be consequences Good! The time zone bot:CharmanderHi: Heyyy Oof My brother used to wake me up on Saturdays when he had 6 days a week classes back in school.
I got revenge by getting him to pay for ice cream:BooParty: :BooParty: But yay! 8 am classes Ikr You all lucky The Saturday thing was a joke Same It has been the norm since 8th grade Oof I broke the streak Of the uber bot That must be difficut. Without Saturday, Sunday just seems like a day to catch up on schoolwork Hope your prayers prove fruitful Now apparently I'll have alternative days Which means 3 days a week Ooh Yeah Wednesdays are the worst Also Mondays Mmhmm I wish I studied Law Oh Yeah that is what the degree is called in my country BA LLB Law with politics is something I wouldn't have liked for myself Nor business But it's moot Sounds incredibly interesting Oh that must've been a headache Uhh I am unsure of what open source means Wow But I know such exams aren't easy either Yeah Profiling is something you'd be good at I think And Criminologists are extremely valuable And necessary Drama as in a subject? Okay! I'm so sorry He'll be okay. You have to believe that If you need time to deal with it Voltra It's okay You don't need to be on right now Okay. Please take care of yourself I hope He will be fine It is perfectly fine I am glad you shared here He will be fine. I am praying/hoping for him to be okay. You never ever need to thank us for that Thoughts and wishes with you Thank you For letting us know Yes I am extremely happy to hear that:Dopeyhappy: :CharmanderHi: Thank you for updating us So How is everyone on this fine day! :CharmanderHi: I mean it's night for me Oh I'm so sorry to hear that All of my friends I've checked up on Say that it is like that And as scary as it is to imagine I can't fathom living through this The outside time is important to maintain your own balance I would imagine Some semblance of normality I think I hope you're okay spirits Yeah please Don't forget your mask. Take all the precautions you can Good to hear 30 minutes then I can sleep I've been running on too little sleep. Not healthy And yes long drives aren't fun I usually just keep a playlist I slept 4 hours last night But yeah I'm going back to sleep because my classes have ended for the day It's Friday I hope to sleep for 2 hours Hello! Hope everyone is doing well! I'd appreciate a ping when Open Heart 2 chapter 12 description is updated. Thank you:Dopeyhappy: Thank you!I appreciate it  :uwuhappy: 
All of us will keep checking too so you don't need to sacrifice your sleep schedule

 > If I am awake at that time, I would.
@itsmeansh Oof Thank you for letting us know Hello! Uhh maybe a shower would help? I finally managed to catch up on sleep Also I dislike spiders My condolences for your smoothie  Happy birthday! :partay: > Do you have classes this morning firework?
Yes, one at 11 AM 
Which will be in 20 minutes :BooParty: Okay Pre-Birthday then:CharmanderHi: One of my friends used to set Birthday month statuses Which was cute:uwuhappy: :uwuhappy: ^ One of my favourites :killme: :Facepalm: God I'm tired How's everyone doing:CharmanderHi: :Dopeyhappy: Listening to random youtube playlist Thank goodness tomorrow is Sunday Or uh, today Cool I fell asleep too late Thank goodness for sundays though Currently it's catching up on some editing Then catching up with some friends :CharmanderHi: Yeah it gets a little difficult when you lose track of time easily due to stay at home. But you have to show people they matter to you:uwuhappy: I actually get that a lot.
But I've found that once you take the first step. It gets easier and soon enough you can talk to them almost as easily as you used to
> Then you get used to feeling lonely and it becomes harder to reach out 
@Hayley :CharmanderHi: > so I'm replaying my guilty pleasure
Platinum, TRM or Bloodbound > I have a profound and enduring love for Shreya Mistry
I love her confidence Personally, I'm very interested in hearing your insight. And yes it makes sense that you may not want to hear about a topic you spend a lot of time dealing with irl ^ I am just glad it's not another 17+ book I know the current lack of content is understandable and I appreciate the fact that we are still getting content from Choices Yeah they do Also the stay at home situation doesn't help matters in any situation And Visual novel apps aren't any sort of essential business or whatever you call it in English Yes there is You can read about it in #books-not-yet-released PB's new initiative This is so heartwarming :Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy: :BooParty: Awww :MunchlaxMunch: Oof This is probably how I earned so much XP I just didn't stop talking You just have to keep on typing I don't know I am new to Discord myself I'll help you check in that channel Hahaha Mara knows Nooo I just work more :CharmanderHi: Bruh, I have 3 scripts I TOLD YOU I AM TOO SHY :Dopeyhappy: :kek: :dogeheart: Please do Rankings don't matter anyway Not if I ban you first I am admin :CharmanderHi: You can't ban me Awww I can feel the love :takemymoney: This is the war between me wanting to finish my script and me wanting to bug Mara Yay! Can't write Only read :redfieldangry: Oof I distinctly remember you writing a specific fic that made me very happy:Dopeyhappy: Killing everyone  True Yeah I hope so too. Mmhmm What am I:Facepalm: :killme: Nope... Nope Nope I just googled my birthday and OMG So many events jesus :Dopeyhappy: Yeah this is why I got confused Punctuation is important Very important Micheal Jackson died on my birthday Mmhmm Trye Stoppp You can't overthrow me George Orwell born on my birthday :CharmanderHi: :Dopeyhappy: OMG nooo
> Is that so criminal
@MaralinaSakura  Really :CharmanderHi: Why? Oof That's my mom's birthday March 29 I read that book They did roast themselves This is a sad day That wasn't my face I mean, I didn't choose that one But uhh The hair wasn't purple iirc OMG Yes Endless Summer Yes Rich people are weird Titanium gold:dead: :Dopeysurprised: There are some questions that I do not want to answer while I am in class Google them :Facepalm: OMG Someone put me out of my misery Trust me, you don't want to know No Go celebrate your birthday > Not my birthday yet ahah
It's in my country Yay! Yeah it's almost 11 am on Monday here Aww How did the call go. I imagine lots of happy chaos:Dopeyhappy:
 > My aunt, cousin, niece, and grandma did a WhatsApp call to ring in my birthday this year
@unforgivablespelling > Way to give me a heads up boss
Oof That's what happens lol The youngest one Gets the attention OMG Too cute It's okay to be annoyed at that you know Yeah same I am the baby of the family so I was the annoying cousin OMG Yeah Or future marriage Ysbdgdhs Oof Ugh Yeah it is I feel like hard to tell with anyone I got confused Let's talk to bots In the channel Aww I'm in class What's NHIE I have never done anything #media-not-related-to-choices Or #no-mic-chat If you all want VC Yeah #no-mic-chat Even though I didn't make a prayer circle for it. I managed to catch up with almost all of my friends that I had planned to on Sunday and this is why I am very grateful.
Hope everyone is doing okay. And keeping safe with the current situation. Wishing you all in California and everywhere else who needs it more good luck and hope you are safe and doing okay. > oooh
Yeah thankfully they are very understanding friends. Just thought a little bit of optimism may be a good thing for this week Oh I remember watching it:CharmanderHi: :Dopeyhappy: I'm also sleepy but resisting it Doing really well though:uwuhappy: Having friends in a different timezone doesn't help It's been a good Monday for me:CharmanderHi: I'm hoping that this trend will continue and some of my luck will be shared with everyone Hope you're doing better I'm really glad to hear it. Friends make so much stuff better :Dopeyhappy: I am a novice at cooking though so I'd be the Threep friend of the group. But it's always fun :uwuhappy: Understandable. I know enough cooking to fend for myself But I need to be disinterested in food at this point in my life I think The more I think about it, the more strong my cravings will get But yeah my feelings aren't for everyone ^ I never even make tea for myself Which is basically what we use as coffee I have tried it Liked the cappuccino version Yeah I found them more bitter than cappuccino. Due to the caffeine Moderation is the key I think I like green tea I don't believe in the detoxification things unless I actually see any accurate research and in my experience if something  sounds too good to be true. It usually is But it is still nice to drink a beverage What is rooibos? Good to hear! Tbh the sources are plant based and may not be to everyone's tastes but it really depends on what you yourself like I wasn't a tea person until I got into college No unfortunately. Then it would be the one I drink regularly Yeah I just googled it and recognised the brands Wow Didn't know we had that in common Guess I'm old:MunchlaxMunch: Yeah you're not dragging me out of classes today No I need to study Yay! ^ This was extremely uncomfortable I am afraid that it is a stereotype Because they thought he looked like Ethan Yeah Yeah Lmao Mario Thank goodness He's okay We talked That's all Anything DM'ed with me Stays there This is why I said this Good morning:uwuhappy: living your best life  my phone screen is having issues due to humidity i blame Rising tides true lmao for me it would be rice exactly true Moderation is the key when it comes to comfort foods those stories are so much fun oh that's good but I was referring more to the aspect that you can be creative and make up your own endings omg uhhh Always I love hoodies Also sneakers Looks so peaceful :uwuhappy: Yeah that must be rough I mean, as much as we complain about the warm climate Having a constant chore Like that in winter Is pretty unfathomable > This is what I had to dig out from my yard all by myself last winter
Looks so beautiful but yeah oof:Dopeysurprised: > It took three days lol
Would take me a week That's amazing I'm so happy for you all > There were air pollution warnings for parts of mainland Canada this past week from the smoke coming up from the states
This is concerning > @The Editor : Scripts 
> OH2 Chapter 13
> TRH3 Chapter 16
> MTFL Chapters 39-41 are up.
Thank you! PRI:Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy: :Dopeyhappy: That depends on the Editor I think PB will release only one of them HI PRI Better than ever :Dopeyhappy: Yayyy:CharmanderHi: Love the founder role It's amazing to have you back It's not been the same without you  It's okay. You're here now :dogeheart: She's always been that I like the fact that there are two branches standing up against the owner It takes courage to do that Not to mention thinking of lots of people I think they have to, to keep up the pretense and make sure people still buy stuff from their brand/chain Maybe the average customer isn't as aware of this Yeah it is Well uh, we don't even think about what we're buying from the supermarket so let's hope it's fresh Kudos to the ethical branches > i could never stop eating tri-tip though
Should I know what this is? Oh okay Thank you for telling me Lmao It sounds so good:Dopeyhappy: Hope you had a good dinner The more effort you put into your dinner, the healthier it is I think :CharmanderHi: Peanut thai chicken :uwuhappy: Pizza is a treat:takemymoney: Mmhmm. Still love the idea 5 kinds of cheese:Dopeyhappy: :MunchlaxMunch: :dogeheart: Night :CharmanderHi: Yeah they are:Dopeyhappy: Yay! Mmhmm DW Happy timezones:CharmanderHi: I think that's going to be my new message now Also oof Mood Okay so, TUH Amelia looks a lot more South Asian to me but that could be only my perspective since I am only 1 person and do not speak for a whole region. I think if you feel like the 'other' in the group, it becomes a self fulfilling prophecy Exactly You wouldn't, unless you go to an international school Yeah that is a presence in larger countries Exactly Yeah they do. They also move to developed areas to seek out education or employment That must have hurt Because this is something that I don't have to answer This is stupid Where you're born doesn't define you. This is horrible. And conveys his mentality Yeah. Hopefully People grow out of what they learned in school This is so wrong No one deserves to feel this Yeah It is always external influence Parents and Grandparents Teachers Everyone Media Yeah I feel like, once you reach a certain age, you can easily see past this I hope my name is the same Yes it is Thank goodness I agree Hayley It's cute :Dopeyhappy: Yeah I mean Me too
Positivity here:CharmanderHi: Beautiful Also yes it looks great now:Dopeyhappy: It'll be worth it Nooo Stop Pri Don't put cursed thoughts into my head I did wonder how the DS pirates brush their teeth Oof Now I CAN'T STOP THINKING You killed me Now I'm going to study Stay safe Adam! Hope you're doing okay! Still good to know Thank you :CharmanderHi: I remember me doing the exact same thing one time :kek: 
Well played What indeed :Facepalm: Why not add Turbo to it Exactly THAT'S A :Dopeysurprised: That's the joke Lmao Okay I actually :Facepalm: :MunchlaxMunch:  :partay: ??? Lmao They're arguing about Spellings :Facepalm: Yes What even happened here Stop this :HOLUP: So many pins Keep on going lmao Just clean it up later Yeah the war *really*  proved that Over the spelling Of Madland Was it madman So who won? Same Mara is a very considerate person and I've seen that example many times Awwww I'm exhausted Someone send me cake :Dopeyhappy: T!cat Omg Okay I will take it to another channel I got 7 hours today and couldn't believe my luck You're entitled to sleep as much as you want The lack of sleep I get is because of too much screentime True 8-10 hours are normal I think We need better resources for classes though Lucky to be a student but it is a definite worry I feel like I'm teaching myself nowadays It'll get easier with practice :CharmanderHi: I always look up the beginner's version if I start a workout and then go from there And yeah stretches, and giving yourself enough time to warm up and cool down works :Facepalm: Now you're not getting invited anywhere > having hairs everywhere but your head is the worst
Yes I agree I find more and more hair in my hairbrush everyday :OOF: Why It's.. Blue :uwuhappy: :Dopeyhappy: Nope I doubt it OMG We're going to get a lot of pixelated Barties I think :MunchlaxMunch: OMG Hide under a blanket And yes, we're here with you Hayley It's going to be fine > my youtube loves recommending me stuff like top ten scary videos you wont believe are real at the peak hour of 2am lmao
I never open those I used to read articles about famous personalities that may or may not involve uh, serial killers Thankfully it was a very short lived phase No you're not Going to Yass! Oof I just use Tatsu to brain bleach I pretend I do not see it :Dopeysurprised: > the only issue I have with my phone is that it's one of the smallest ones on the market right now but it's still too big for my tiny hands 
Again a relatable struggle I have to check the dimensions of every phone Yes Hi Mara:CharmanderHi: Lmao I'm smol I actually get that. Makes it easier reaching cupboards Step stool works And chairs too Good luck!! :Dopeyhappy: 
Rooting for you Hayley:CharmanderHi: what's ptf\ I woke up and my first thought was What is this abomination Then I saw the appeal of 'grandma chic' Ugh Whenever you all start I have to read so many messages Yeah I barely slept 4 hours I will, Iater Pri never stay with relatives esp if they involve a judgemental aunt They're too annoying Common bathrooms and roommates are still manageable if you know how to set some ground rules Take it from someone who knows But still it's your choice, relatives will gossip about you(even though they don't mean much harm) and it'll be a little difficult Of course The best friendships I made were in the hostels I stayed Yeah That doesn't mean it's going to be the same for you But it gives you a certain independence and responsibility that living with a relative doesn't Take your time with the decision Exactly Yeah we all deal with it Most of us tune it out Or try to > I am used to them fat-shaming me
I'm sorry to hear that. Take your time with the decision If possible Visit the hostel Check out the conditions there Mmhmm I knew you were wise Pri :PBSeeIToldYouSo: Yay! That's a pretty relatable struggle but our Professors have to go to the university to deliver their lectures Which is a risk they're taking for our benefit I use earplugs/headphones/handsfree(whatever the most appropriate English word is) to block out the background noise from my end and keep my mic muted. Yeah that happened last Saturday iirc Since all of these things violated the rules about not saying spoilers *before the Editors* have had a chance to say it, I had to delete them. I hope you understand Yes but they have to use the internet connection at the university Which, seeing it is public sector Isn't very good So it varies with departments and creates problems when attending classes check #announcements  and DM me if you have any further queries No worries :CharmanderHi: Change your username Or I'll change it for you Yayy! That you do UwU You want me to change it? Oof That done :Dopeyhappy: Lmk if you want any changes UwU :uwuhappy: :Dopeyhappy: This is kept confidential Hey everyone How're we all doing today/tonight!! Yay! It's exciting to watch the shifting in the rankings UwU :MunchlaxMunch: So I'm helping my mom with potatoes:CharmanderHi: Since my classes ended and I like to help her out To de stress Yeah it does Mmhmm Love homemade food I don't know how to cook But i contribute as much as I can In the process Yay! Important to learn the basics I feel Don't worry about it We all go through emotions because we're humans It's better not to engage on Discord if you're feeling that way though DM me My replies may be sporadic since I told you that I am busy About being muted > Getting up and exercising usually helps wake me up though
Helps me too. Also Hi! I slept well today so I'm happy about that It's going okay I think Yes thankfully Got a few tests to prep for and you talking about running made me think I need to get up and move around to feel energized :uwuhappy: > I think I'm going to start the day with a bubble bath
Relaxing:uwuhappy: Work wonders > @ Good luck with your studies
Thank you!:CharmanderHi: I finished my workout and I feel so much better now:Dopeyhappy: > Firework is inspiring me to get out of my bath and do something active 
I managed to complete some of my steps. :dogeheart: It was fun It actually makes the body energized In a scientific manner, this makes better sense than a nap Like I said, your comment inspired me to try again It was an old workout video. Zumba class, Music plays in the background and makes you upbeat enough to keep going It was a nice reminder That sounds like PE at my school I used to wander around with friends though Talk, gossip Aw Same. I only made study partners that kept me motivated and were good company And yeah I would've wandered with you too Written work I would assume so? But Pri would know I never was graded on PE We were given sports equipment(lucky few got them) and allowed to play if we wanted And yeah, it makes me feel better about myself when it eases up The important part is to stay hydrated And not to push yourself too hard Start at the beginning Yeah, that shouldn't have happened This sounds an awesome bargain Pri Samosa=tutoring (win/win) That must have been a wonderful feeling Yeah I was definitely one of the smart kids but I asked for help in subjects/topics I had difficulty with The kids I remember most are those that actually reached out and extended a helping hand despite the grades I used to get in school I feel like this matters most I have been the new kid at school in 8th grade, 10th, 12th grade and then in university and it widened my perspective Wow Mine was more than 90 although  I have forgotten it now My score I mean Sounds like English for us But French is difficult to learn All the verbs and conjugation Ooh Yeah it is lol Same for my national language.  I am fluent but they don't measure it. The scores vary due my writing and presentation > All of the romantic languages have a lot of grammatical and syntactical rules and trends in common
Which languages are classified as romantic Got it I am interested in linguistics and how they shape the way certain words are used to convey meaning This means they have a common background Got it See, the things you learn:Dopeyhappy: We found so many Greek words in Medicine Or Latin Yay! I remember Hayley once shared a picture of the Greek Alphabet And it looked so lovely Ooh I am very on board with that We can always replay :CharmanderHi: At home haircuts are not a good idea imo but maybe just a trim I just keep it in a ponytail same yeah, but since I have to work in labs shoulder length is best to keep it away from face I know that thing too,  idk what's its name tho good term I would call it a catcher okay this is cute and yeah we have them too This is what I meant by catcher, they're very diverse and yeah they come in all sizes yay! me too, but it depends on hair length for me mmhmm yeah I do that while studying which I should be getting back to ponytail ftw yeah it's as short as I can get away with while still keeping my hair off my face Also thank you Hayley It helps to think about something else:dogeheart: Chaotic queen I can too I'm going back to study Mara:kek: Hi:CharmanderHi: Yay! Same for me Me too I'm glad for that I hope the sky situation is better I'm extremely grateful to hear it. I hope you all stay safe in that Thank you for the update :CharmanderHi: Love how everyone is changing their fonts Love everyone's new nicknames so much:Dopeyhappy: Spooky Hayley is Halloween :dogeheart: And yeah i noticed the nod to TRH :MunchlaxMunch: You all royalty :CharmanderHi: It makes you Queen :uwuhappy: Where is the strawberry God I'm exhausted Party with me today:CharmanderHi: Also gl Pri:Dopeyhappy:  I need a lot of snacks rn:MunchlaxMunch: Yayy! Thank you Hayley..
 I need to keep snacks in my room for the next time people are late for dinner :partay: :CharmanderHi: > Its my breakfast time in my area
Most important meal of the day Popcorn I'm fond of chocolates too > I love October because all the good candy goes on sale
What kind of candy is usually distributed at Halloween And goes on sale Kitkat and Hersheys :Dopeyhappy: Potato chips are my weakness :MunchlaxMunch: True I love Pringles and Doritos:CharmanderHi: Nachos I don't get to eat much Nacho cheese Yay! > They dont rip you off with the lack of chips in each can
Ikr That is the air Lmao But Lays is not that expensive as compared to pringles so Nothing wrong with occassional indulgences:CharmanderHi: It's the little things Stay away from wasps This is what I've learnt Hey it won't Seek vengeance You can also wait a moment before retrieving the cup Make sure they are really gone That's what I would do Delicious :Dopeyhappy: French fries taste different but they're good for cutting down on oil If you use an air fryer here yeah I finally caved in and got a font :uwuhappy: dw, it'll be fun. I'm glad you got something to treat yourself:Dopeyhappy: sounds like a party:partay: Oh, I really don't see nitro as a necessity tbh I see you Mara :PBSeeIToldYouSo: why does this not come as a surprise? OMG :Facepalm:  stupid question but try clicking the launch option yay! :uwuhappy: *time for chaos* YASS I do too:Dopeyhappy: What show is it? Yeah I thought I recognised it I figured it was something like Those talent shows The best part is watching the judges try their best to be serious while listening to the contestants and giving critique I'm glad I never watched this one Also Class Monitor is the worst position ever I voluntarily gave back my sash in 7th class Yes we wore sashes and uh, that position depended on grades I would like to erase those days from my memory Good to see you having fun though I couldn't do anything about my chaotic friends so I gave back my sash :MunchlaxMunch: This made my life easier Also i hate telling people what to do Even though I had the grades, it made me more approachable, not having a sash:CharmanderHi: Coming from a perspective of a person who didn't snitch, you probably kept them laughing:Dopeyhappy: So they felt you were worth it:uwuhappy: That fixed the timeline I think Lol. Stop calculating and enjoy the show Is the creepy professor still acting creepy All the other students won:Dopeyhappy: I'm glad they didn't drag this plot point out Yeah.. it's surprising to see how much problematic stuff you can spot in popular media the more you rewatch it Uh, okay.. they reused the same set But the girls' washroom thing is awkward lol. Privacy go brrrr It just had to be the poor drama teacher :ohgodohduck: Does she like him back? Let me guess, they're behaving awkwardly around each other and it's chaotic Oof I guessed it yay! And it's hilarious for the audience because *they know* And with a couple of students thrown in the mix You've got a serial Okay I look for 20 min episodes too for binge watching Idk 40 min just feels too long Bet it's a student T!cat Lol They should hire me as a screenwriter :killme: better yet, she should learn some self defence since pepper spray doesn't work the whole serial is going to end with them getting engaged or married and the kids are going to have a chaotic cameo at the party I KNOW RIGHT The unwanted attention istg Take a hint. SHE IS NOT INTERESTED The show wants them to be together I need to get back to my class Feel free to keep posting though I'm having fun uwu I used to post character appreciation posts for my favourite characters in the relevant channels:dogeheart: mmhmm Raven you know you need approval lol Pri tell pri would tell me kay no OMG Periodt cool lmfao thanks uwu no Why would I fight I was learning something relevant to anatomy but got dragged into a ranking fight cool T!cat see If I am Queen B I want a better dress than Poppy this is a conspiracy:MunchlaxMunch: I still didn't notice until I saw the caption PRI I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING also why do people hack accounts dictionary=wisdom Pri is trying to steal my  crown so has he "won her over" yet? their story will return in the last 1/4th of the show I think me too uwu are you calling the drama teacher mc? ohh why is she being shipped WITH UNIBROW can't believe i'm angry at a serial i don't even watch and yeah singing is all you need :Facepalm: oh well, mindless tv is fun It's on my (might watch someday) list Bruh I was talking about Mughal-e-Azam I don't believe your talk Pri Mmhmm, the name is intriguing May watch it after my finals Thank you!! :Dopeyhappy: :CharmanderHi: > When will they start & end btw?
We got a tentative starting date but covid has made the situation uncertain so can't say anything for certain. Med school exams usually last for more than a month though Thank you for the wishes :CharmanderHi: OMG If I were one of those customers, I'd have left an extra large amount of tip for you for dealing with people like those ladies Oof Entitled people need to learn to treat others as humans and your reaction was valid I'm glad they didn't complain, those who were watching I mean > they were probably frightened
I highly doubt that. I wish you best of luck in the future Lmao Good afternoon Alex Meyers reviews are the best uwu Helped me de stress so many times And they always make me laugh Classes are over Yay! Same:Dopeyhappy: Some *mysterious* stuff and then catching up with school work OMG Isn't that how politics works > aww django is so cute. he is like those hard on outside, softie on inside types
Who is he? > kmhl talk : Ok I love Zenia but dude this is wrong. She convinced MC to go for elections and now ended up participating herself which created a sort of war between friends. Crybaby is right, they can't just choose which friend to vote for
Drama, this happens in student council elections more often than not They'll probably reconcile with the power of friendship Or some event will happen, an external factor that causes them to work together Maybe he'll be the common factor in patching up their friendship What I'm just predicting stuff lol I just check the Wikipedia descriptions of the episodes if I leave a season halfway through and come back to it :CharmanderHi: oof Makes sense Kale is something I'd not want to eat tbh I barely tolerate most vegetables Since they're good for health Yes She is She appreciates your concern Mecha pup for the win I am quite a gift, aren't I?:MunchlaxMunch: I wish I hadn't Thank you so what is new? Baby bump 2 and Rising Tides :MunchlaxMunch: The best explanation I need some snacks Yes Miss Match > A while ago I asked about bringing back the asset channel, but nothing came of it, so I was wondering where I could put a huge thing that I found?
You can place any assets that you find in the relevant channels(with the spoiler tag) That's great I just took a test  Uh no I am a student, I was talking about a college test It went okay. Thank you for asking. :CharmanderHi: Can you please wait a little while before placing assets in general chat? Assets are large sized files I think and uploading them all in a general  channel may make others confused about what they're seeing Okay sure I'm very sleepy How's the conference :CharmanderHi:  :MunchlaxMunch: :partay: No :Dopeysad: It's okay to be frustrated :MunchlaxMunch: :niapanic: :animeglasses: No I think it was confirmed in a newsletter or blog post that BD writers were different No she isn't, she's just another writer The writers for Babu had no actual experience with this One of them based it on his wife, and another on her pet > If the baby wears that stuff, isn't it free publicity for PB?
Depends on perspective, it's a cute way to show an employee they care imo Ikr, I remember browsing through so many onesies for my niece :CharmanderHi: Idk he didn't mention that in the blog post But there are different cases I suppose Can I be the judge :MunchlaxMunch: Honestly I just wanted an excuse to eat baked goods Yay! Wow :Dopeysurprised: True lmao > Spoiler alert: ||everyone is dead||
I remember reading that show's summary . I'm glad you're writing something on that:CharmanderHi:  feel free to share it I think I picked the Island option because of the scenery :uwuhappy: Virtual cooking may be fun maybe like a  Masterchef format? That's one of the few competitive cooking shows I watched We got one in Ina Kingsley But yeah Yeah I think there was also a mistake somewhere when she was referring to her sister's family We definitely need more female LI's Oof Yeah Eleanor and THOBM was one of a kind. The blonde girl is Audrey iirc And I think every LI except Imtura got enough screentime and premium scenes but the ||ending made a lot more impact if you romance Nia.|| Tom would approve :Dopeyhappy: :animeglasses: I wish we could've had a Sloane version. Glasses would look good on her:uwuhappy: Can't wait! OMG she's so cute:Dopeyhappy: :CharmanderHi: Sassy :dogeheart: Genny would never But yeah Oh but it was Richard. An || extinguished situation|| I often wondered about the extra smugness part I honestly love the Sloane edit She's a Queen Stan Sloane Poor Munchlax Yes you have to have Android 5+ to continue playing the game Oof Take screenshots of the lecture slides if you can't record the meeting OMG ONE TIME I WOKE UP and the professor said the attendance would be marked on how well you answered questions in a 9 AM class good luck I still managed to answer 1 so yeah Hope you get through this Mara oh god thank you so much Sara you are saving my test of course,take your time Please remember to put yourself and your health before anything else relevant to the server. anyone can react badly to a thing in any moment, stress is a contributing factor in many of the things we say it is okay to acknowledge that and then move on okay, things happen don't let this define you, or reflect you, 1 reaction doesn't mean you are actually like that. I really dislike English not being my first language btw anytime :Dopeyhappy: I don't, I am going to steal her emotes  Afternoon  uh It's up to you always has been okay..like I said put your health first I can't help it lmao Yeah But it's pretty normal for Open Heart Thank you Voltra And thank you Ansh Wonder if the hiatus is confirmed I hope when it comes back it fixes something but at this point it's unpredictable Had I not read through the last few messages I'd have assumed the conversation switched to another language :CharmanderHi: Thank you for the ping Ansh, MM 4 is posted And yeah someday I will learn the pokemon language :CharmanderHi: Dvgrbbrbdd don't judge me I am using desktop mode on my phone THIS IS WHY I EDITED IT I know what you do now :smart: Noooo No starboard Happens way too often lmao :MunchlaxMunch: Have fun Curiouser and curiouser Because Pri Cggfgh it's because you won the last one oof Ok ok just update the app lmao hi, I'm doing better. thank you for checking in and I hope you are doing well too. November 2020 is National Epilepsy Awareness Month. Please take the time to educate yourself about this. Thank you. I have also shared a couple of sources in the # educational channel if anyone would like to learn more, and I hope you all stay safe. :CharmanderHi: Wow I did wonder about Lindsay's last name TRR cover is gorgeous although I have a bias But the TNA cover is..something They could've done one for any other series, TC&TF was one of the first I played. THM looks badass. VOS has the mystery genre vibe Yeah true Enjoy your break Voltra Becca's hoodie I got 22 lol pretty accurate I'm in this photo and I don't like it :niapanic:  Also Hi Paige  Have you considered doing the Blades side quests? Blades had more of an adventure rather than romance element so the side quests and XP score really made playing it fun. All the little scenes in which you collect skills and weapons and later watching how they all pay off in future chapters It made me excited for playing Blades and levelling up to get skills. Otherwise i'd have just dismissed it as another cliche video game :niapanic: :BooParty: So cute  Did the #twilight but team Jacob channel get moved? Oh yeah thanks for the explanation Same I heard good things about it I *have* missed out on some dialogue Speech to text. Something that helps people with visual impairments communicate effectively by transcribing their spoken words into text. Oh I thought it was only the speak message feature that but good to know that feature also exists Badass Queen we needed Can you imagine Olivia, Hana and Kiara as actual prominent characters getting actual things done in apple land :niapanic: Good for you:CharmanderHi: :marafrogemoji: Oof I'm glad I never have to play it if I don't want to Yeah it's ok and valid to have your preferences Oh Hi!! Pr *Pri good to have you back lol it's past midnight I've seen that meme on tumblr too The one with 4 Drake faces It was a screenshot of your meme and your username was visible so I guess they did credit it I think? Awww nope I accidentally shared my own tumblr lol No worries. I'd just reblogged the original post by corgibae Yeah they aren't https://corgibae.tumblr.com/post/639647755062673408/pb-stop-changing-drakes-face-challenge-hes Oh the caption. I apologize to any Drake stans I mean I mean Ok I'm so glad I don't plan to play Wolf Bride HC is fun although the plot did turn a little predictable But yeah I hope that when all the VIP's are released they actually do change it for the better Okay now I'm gonna head out with this lovely mental image Poor Lu Omg You and I have almost the same coping mechanisms for some chapters I'm not going to talk about how I got so much XP in this server Lol It was from venting while editing chapters lol Yeah ofc Yay So should I start RT after I finish with HC? Or is there any other book worth catching up on. Witness and MTFL are saving me from having my completionist role And yeah RT def looks interesting enough. Charlie is a gem I may complete witness for the laughs I'm on Ch 15 I recall it was the end of Vol 1 for some reason and a little girl was after us Tfw when everything reminds you of cadavers That reminds me I need to study rip Your friend could be referring to the Netflix serial YOU Voltra Oof That's just the first one though and even  messed up internals teach you something Like the areas you need to work on and how to prep for finals. So try not to be hard on yourself This is why I envy the semester system And yeah that's great:CharmanderHi: Yikes I understand. And I'd probably do the same in your situation. A little thing that used to work for me was just to put away any device I'm using and try to fixate on a positive fictional scenario in my mind. Happy birthday! Looks like sth you'd use in the kitchen ig The toonme thing keeps changing my eye color but I'm used to it with SC. Still it's fun to try so thanks for the suggestion kio That's literally AI tho I find my self esteem improved by the fact even Choices characters had weird demon like faces in the 4th one. :MunchlaxMunch: That's a bot telling you you have enough server XP to earn a role. Yay :CharmanderHi: What's the color for ultra fan. Because Dark mode hides the dark color I currently have. I would suggest some background music if you're like me and need something to get you motivated to write down tedious practicals. Good luck UwU At 10 year old? But yeah if you're old enough to play house you're  old enough to know these things too and it'd def clear up a lot of things Ohhh I hope it went well Interviews are grueling enough. Congratulations on making it through one,Lu:BooParty: True I remember when we turned into a Zoey stan server Okay the being a better person thing is sth I'd say to justify my attraction to someone evil but in reality I don't fall for evil people Exactly I don't care abt her being evil, she's fictional Yeah I mean people can better themselves, but only if they want to. Drake didn't I read the TRR interview and the writers were biased in favour of him Basically a lot of time and energy was spent in trying to turn down the 'jerk' aspect of his personality and introducing his family and problems relevant to him Yeah they could've spent that time developing the other LI's They needed to humanize Drake She's nice in TRR too once you get past everything else. She's got her problems sure but sure wish TRR had female LI's other than Hana Mhm I wouldn't wish Drake on Liam but Maxwell would def lighten him up It's so awkward lol Hana is Queen Okay who wrote I love me my hot lawyer man for Thomas And Ethan's answer was because he's a doctor and treats everyone equally??? I love how Annabelle's reason for being picked was so pure And Maxwell too Some ppl  called Maxwell's relationship development organic and I agree with them Yeah exactly That is favoritism and is frowned upon as soon as you enter med school This is why I don't like to play TRH and just focus on the heir scenes No He's arrested I think But yeah Emi you're valid Okay I feel like I'm missing sth When did that happen? Lol I'm so glad I don't follow the fb fandom People make call out posts? Lol Yeah I mean I did find it funny that drew was vocal about disliking trh but I'm not exactly private about disliking open heart And being a homophobe is the literal worst thing you can be Disagree about books all you want Exactly You've got us to support you Remember the POC rep we get is often stereotypical And Ajay calling MC 'Janu' And I didn't even think of the Saris but it sounds so bad now that you think about it. We've got such a variety of apparel And the dark skinned but not too dark thing, yikes. They often forget the fact that every person's experience is different Yeah that too. Oof That's why I don't call them out. I don't think I'm going to be listened to and tbh people forget there are other countries in South Asia apart from India. Although we've got similar things, we've got different things too and it'd be good to see them being shown in a way that doesn't seem stereotyped. But yeah it's better to have no rep than bad rep for the time being when it comes to PB and Choices. Logan? I thought he was popular Black Logan, that is Okay please make that post Emi The results are painful to look at for me Like every basic LI.. I'm not one to judge but who can blame PB much when the results of r/Choices speak for itself Every basic white boy/man/c*p is at the top I'm so sorry Yeah I pick more Asian than Black LI's too. Idk why it's that. For me it's different because female or GOC LI's have less available sprites to begin with I've noticed PB showing the white option always the most often on book covers and when presenting LI's I don't think I ever picked a white LI or MC Exactly Yeah I'm not going there, Asian OH MC is just.. At least the bloodbound MC still has some color or distinctive features Oh I forgot about them, I picked both. Basically lesbians get only 1 female LI option in anyway so we don't get a say which sprite we're going to pick. I remember that Middle Eastern iirc Tbh whenever I get frustrated with PB and its cluelessness I remind myself it's American lol Now that's a curveball! ? Seems fine to me, I'd probably replace Hello, with Respected(to make it sound more formal)but I've never had to email a professor.We write applications or approach via TA's Hiiii!!! Good to have you back! :uwuhappy: HII Guess who's enjoying reading up on cranial nerve injuries The snow looks difficult to shovel Oh I'm so sorry I wish her the best of luck in her recovery Hiiiii You too! They haven't started yet:kek: We have long prep leaves for them I'd prefer less days but maybe that's me. That pfp is so pretty Lu And Pri:MunchlaxMunch: That sounds like some good research IKR I kinda want to change my own pfp now Means it's so popular Can't believe you're only in your, what,2nd semester? That's even more impressive How'd you explain Shoku to a person who doesn't know about it Thank you :uwuhappy: I was very happy that day No it's not. It's me with my brother But yeah I and my family were with him when he proposed to his girlfriend That was at another wedding. And it wasn't a completely happy occasion but yeah we had to attend to basically keep up appearances Okay so Google is basically working on a thing where it recognises Indian accents But yeah, would Shoku be able to recognise the various accents? Because my mom's phone can't differentiate bw my voice and my mother's This is so interesting ngl,really wish you the best with this Yayy! Should I post a picture of me without makeup to uh,clear up that concept of being pretty Because this was literally me with straightened hair+earrings+happy at my brother being happy Also sunshine I'm taking the compliments tho:uwuhappy: Thank you Voltra :uwuhappy: Current mood:Missing Avril Lavigne songs Uh lu, I'm sure your cousin and the people that care for her already know this but please limit her cold exposure I'm so,so sorry for her It's always difficult when we study the impact these things have on quality of life Please limit any cold drafts Basically if you live in a cold environment,w no central heating,shutting and opening a door(like ppl bang a door if having an argument)can aggravate symptoms Done:MunchlaxMunch: The last question was really something I knew it:CharmanderHi: Only you could be this chaotic :worryinjudge: Reminds me of when the guy who was in charge of the bones/anatomy models claimed to be the HOD of Anatomy on Facebook :MunchlaxMunch: Just survived my final :CharmanderHi: Next one is on Thursday. Would appreciate good thoughts Ngl sometimes I really underestimate myself. Fingers crossed I pass in this one Can't wait to wear my hat this summer and channel TRR MC It's  a weird combination of dense fog in the morning followed by sunshine when we get out of class rn Yeah it'll take a couple weeks to settle They look cute, block out the sun and when I wore glasses I didn't have much other options to keep the sun out of my eyes Mhm :MunchlaxMunch: Sorry for the unnecessary ping but I'm sure this is not what Google translate said it was:kek: That's more accurate. And it sounds cute:CharmanderHi: Look at the google translate version Haina Barre aye translate krne wale Ok I just checked sparkling water and it's just regular water with Carbon dioxide. So what's the big deal about it? The carbonation? Makes sense I drink a lot of water on the regular but sparkling water's not common here so I was curious about the appeal. Thanks for answering Just use translate webpage to English If Lu is busy of course No no Copy and paste the sections into Google translate It works really well w Spanish Un means one(I hope so) That's all I can contribute RIP Yay! Yeah I get it, many times I have to deal w research papers written in other languages if I want more details on a topic I'm studying 2nd final down:threep: :dead: Why are you crying:MunchlaxMunch: God I want to sleep but the crows won't shut up:Dopeyangry: Oof,all the best I'll just play white noise to distract myself from the birds:CharmanderHi: Thank you If I were you I'd use the bots to wreak so much havoc Also,krde krde is slightly motivating:MunchlaxMunch: As she should OMG The be in your limits thing is sending me And I think your bot doesn't know what door hat means:MunchlaxMunch: The bot also replies I'm not going if you tell it to I know right:kek: So  I reinstalled Choices and now it apparently asks you to choose the genre you want to play. 'Romance' or 'Steamy' :HOLUP: I'm glad I didn't choose steamy Going to resume FA No the high school ones(except MTFL)don't thankfully. And you can avoid the premium scenes in the older ones And I thought you all were joking about the OH3 cover but it's incredibly  I thought it was a fan creation Mhm A while back, I saw a post of my 10th grade friend on Instagram and found out that she'd gotten married a year earlier Yeah she'd posted about her anniversary party and I randomly found out through that post Hang in there Yikes,hope you get to catch up on sleep I found a new technique for studying today that I'm feeling optimistic about. OMG The emoji is so huge lmao My neighbours are having a party which normally wouldn't have bothered me but they've been using loudspeakers and it's nearing midnight. Really hoping it's socially distant :marajudge: Love the name of the new emote:kek: Yeah that's what I meant sorry You'd be surprised Half the time people turn up for the snacks I distinctly remember my physics teacher in 10th grade buying chocolate for whoever scored highest in a test:DogeLick: I won the  once and it was so good. Some teachers are really wholesome:uwuhappy: Yeah I remember getting so much appreciation just for not causing trouble in class I mean:kek: I literally had my older brother a few grades above me so I couldn't cause trouble or mom would've heard about it Tbh I was relieved to get out of school because it was very strict and had stricter rules plus it was a small town so my mom knew my teachers. She's been a little too much the helicopter parent type. Glad college+uni is more freeing Mhm same. I want stickers and chocolate On your laptop if you have one I love it Here we get 12 of them in one plate and I'd not share with others:MunchlaxMunch: :HOLUP: Bas krdo:marajudge: :marajudge: :marajudge: Isn't that where sponge Bob lives? Ohh I learned sth new Because you're being stalked by the ghost of bartie past I look forward to(hopefully) never having to study biochem again:uwuhappy: Thanks uwu! Honestly sounds like a nightmare recipe  I second that Such things always have been a scam That makes a lot of sense actually I think it's perfectly okay to ship two characters together. The thing that was awkward about this was actually erasing the fact that this was a character who was confirmed to have a girlfriend and people who keep shipping her with male characters are,at this point,contributing to the various stereotypes that are rampant about the LGBT community Yeah because in many countries this is what happens to actual lesbians So maybe stop doing that It's okay I already had a pfp:uwuhappy: What a doggone day You should look at your roles Metta Another look Server grandpa Oh okay then:kek: Don't forget bifocals I should change my name to professional procrastinator Guys there are so many gems in my history books I:kek: :MunchlaxMunch: Let's just say I'm regretting choosing a STEM major Mara Mara Maralina MaralinaSakura Oh god I'll just use the wiki Got done with my written finals :uwuhappy: :uwuhappy: :uwuhappy: :uwuhappy: Finallyy:MunchlaxMunch: :bestinshow: 
I can sleep until vivas Ohh, all the best for the next one. And trust me,once they begin,they end soon Thanks:uwuhappy: Yeah you don't want a broken femur Also Lu your stories make me want to study harder so thanks for that. Girl That often happened w me Get a second opinion And stop messing up your sleep. You need it You need to talk to your doctor Again Indian medical centres are different You may have the same problem I had Mmhmm Exactly So they gave you a number that most closely could balance visual acuity bw your right and left eye As you grow taller, go to college and focus on your laptop. Your number changes. This is why you need a new prescription now Are you getting prescription glasses via telemedicine? Oh, so the first prescription glasses have been broken. Do you have the number? Or can you get that number to the person who makes the frames. I think if you can get that number or even those frames(from your first consult) to an ophthalmologist,the next time you get to have your eyesight checked. They will have a starting point from where they can check your visual acuity. Then you can get proper spectacles Do not put contacts lol I literally only put contacts once and that was when my brother got married But yeah wear glasses Pri, we need you to keep your eyes healthy Girl you sound painfully like me Get your eyesight checked and wear glasses. I found out mine had worsened after a physio experiment when we had to check our own visual acuity Anyway Go to sleep,headaches are a part of life. Ugh I sounded so bossy Anyway whatever suits you personally I couldn't stand contacts in my eye but if it works for you :partay: Guess who's reading psychological thrillers before bedtime while it's been raining outside at 1 30 AM Tbf the thunder started after I had begun reading the book but now the killer has been revealed 29 degrees here. Cannot believe it's the beginning of March  Hi  Hope you enjoy your time here, and try not to worry about being awkward it's a fun community So my phone keeps overheating in Discord VC Is there a solution to this problem? I'll just use my laptop from now on:CharmanderHi: Listlessness And dissatisfaction from your current circumstances Oh I used to use ear phones when commuting From my college classes to play Choices. It was a good escape pre covid HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRI MANY  MANY HAPPY RETURNS OF THE DAY:bestinshow: :bestinshow: You deserve it and so much more. Enjoy your day Pri Everyday I learn new ways to cheat But yeah our professors require handwritten assignments For this very reason Yeah lol I despise writing My brain works faster than I can write, but in my ideal world I'd only take MCQ tests and Observed Station exams(integral thing in med school) That should be a norm tbh. Some people find it easier to explain in more words. Yay!! Class of 2023 Mara!! Am I the only one graduating that year  But yeah I get that my university course is a 5 year one I'm glad med school isn't financially expensive where I live but yeah it's not for everyone Ah my fee is actually less than my brothers' fee combined I am the least expensive kid they had when it came to education Because I had the grades Girl I don't go to all girls But yeah you're pretty much accurate And the extremely low fee has a drawback,that we've to contend w a lot of government funded facilities which may not be funded that well Oof, but ig all girls can have its own plus points. You're more unafraid to ask questions It's okay. It happens I'm aware of how competitive engg and medical colleges are Mmhmm Electrical is nice, I know so many people that did electrical engineering and went on to study further Yeah exactly My chachu, 2 cousins from my extended family majored in it. Wow that's good to know But yeah your major sounds more intriguing to me Oh that must be exciting Oof,hang in there. You're going to make history by being the first batch that graduates from that department How's your headache Don't let uni get to you like that I'm glad to hear that you took something for it. Hope you feel better soon. Good, students exhaust themselves too much in the early semesters That's awesome,but you won't be able to do most of that work if you don't get well first imo. So maybe take a step back for your health,and then prioritise the important work to do and deadlines to meet. Hey happy birthday:CharmanderHi: Good for the account I can't w her excitement lol What did you spoiler tag? Yeah I got that but like I said, it's good to be excited about things No way in hell they're interviewing Choices community lmao I'm interested in the neurosurgery interview though These are the types of scientific breakthroughs we need in a pandemic Oh nvm it was more sensational, and less educational Guys Taylor Swift won 3 Grammy's  Also I'm getting rid of never ending exams soon thank goodness. So I've been reading Treasure Island and it's surprising to see that people in England used to bless King George at funeral prayers Also he had porphyria or bpd acc to wikipedia which may or may not be true Wow that's a huge thing that teacher did This was the only diamond hair I bought and it looked amazing Should be in more books tbh I love curly hair so much Ahhh Good old days I remember playing angry birds on a desktop computer and my brothers telling me it was supposed to be played on a smartphone Then it led to me unlocking so many levels in candy crush,temple run,subway surfers When I finally got a tablet in 9th class Sometimes it still surprises me how much of a big thing those games were for a while Yeah it was so much fun to unlock the upgrades Didn't expect to be scared like that Speaks to our educational system as a whole how much of our lives and worries are similar even though we have completely different majors Haha We've been having amazing weather this March I'm the one who woke up who woke up on a Tuesday morning and is about to eat breakfast btw. So I get that Good luck w classes I think you'll have to read more articles. Or actually research the legal drinking age where you live to figure this out because this article is talking about reducing the age from 25 to 21. Sounds counterproductive but that's just my opinion Yeah we hear about people arriving in hospitals due to imbibing alcohol of bad quality and such laws don't help. It does. I am getting more discerning taste in media every year. I miss being excited for TV shows like I used to be and the ability to ignore the problematic underlying themes Just watched the pilot of how to get away w murder, and while I was intrigued for a while ||it lost me at the married professor almost touching her student  after he caught her cheating and didn't  tell her husband || It's easier to critique something than to create it I think What I try to do is just ignore the specific uncomfortable thing if I want to enjoy something Guess who has online classes *again*  Can I teleport too? We barely got 10 days off We had offline exams And then they decided to shut down all educational institutions again, because it is apparently not safe to open those while the rest of pretty much every activity goes on uninterrupted Medical colleges are open here too because final year is taking exams. But I have no idea what's going to happen after the 3rd wave I hope they don't switch to online classes for long because this doesn't work for a medical degree where wards are required now If only people were more sensible Yeah true Classroom learning is the best, and even more important. University is more than what subjects you learn. It's about the people you meet too. Omg Pri you read my mind You should see people hugging each other where I go to uni.  I mean I get that you've missed your friends but please Hahaha ofc We just can't resist being enthusiastic after seeing our uni fellows Oh that was my invigilator and I spent a lot of time glaring at him Some of our professors didn't allow students who wore masks incorrectly in their lectures Agreed but no one could stop those students from taking mask off after the lecture ended  Exactly Yeah honestly last year I  was terrified by the talk that  3rd  year might be  called to wards to help with covid patients. Some of my best friends were in 3rd year and they had high risk people at home with little knowledge how to handle a crisis. So I hope this year doesn't get to that point. And thankfully that didn't happen last year. They also should be vaccinated before this Exactly How's everyone doing Killing time by watching Indian Matchmaking You don't say Love Aunty's demands though It was so hilarious lol Not like we haven't grown up hearing all that but haha Also 5"3' For men Good luck w your essay Pri And it's stuck in my head again   Happy Holi  Please do Happy birthday again  Kismet me meri chain se jeena likh de( Translation: please write living in peace in my future) This may be the one subject I might be truly interested in right now so I hope it's taught well That's what you get in med school Also the guy who wrote the textbook of forensic medicine had the last name Simpson  it's written really well though, so I'm hoping 3rd year doesn't ruin this subject for me. So much law in medical ethics I  Joke's on me who was inspired by all those forensic scientists :dead: Okay nvm just learned about poisons and my interest has returned Also why did they not teach about social media oversharing at high school level? But at least they care I mean, comparing this to our teachers. I'm glad you people are at least getting some proper instructions for how to behave during covid exams Good luck Pri Ugh teachers really are more optimistic than we are this time around huh  Ours told us pretty much the same thing Yeah  Yeah in that case we'll just have to wear masks because we've got no choice but to attend wards and classes Lol @ our teachers actually teaching us history taking and me realizing I will have to be so good at talking to people to ace this And my internet keeps dropping in the middle of the meeting I hate it here It's cute UwU And it's just a suggestion but you can use books or YouTube channels, or even ask a senior for help if you're having difficulty with a subject. CS math is very tough I've heard I forgot it was April fools' for a while lol My fav joke was a popular chips brand introducing a new flavour that sounded unique Lays introduced Doodh Patti lol which I compared to the tea we used to get in hostel yeah its pretty sad how easy these are available as compared to healthy food ohh it's one of my pet peeves people that don't learn to cook as they get older I mean, it's a basic life skill it is so awkward I don't want to judge that guy but he was probably raised with the same ancient conservative idea of a wife taking care of her husband and having no time for herself which certainly needs  to go from this part of the subcontinent exactly and it goes unacknowaledged because that work gets done everyday, men don't realize how much work it is and still they complain oh I haven't had the time to watch movies in a while the description makes him sounds like sth worse than a manchild though also I'm glad she files for divorce yeah I agree this is why respect is important in any relationship I feel exactly this is so normalized, in our dramas,films young girls grow up to expect this I'm sorry,but I'd rather not discuss this oh that's good I would definitely think some people may be interested in the blade of grass poppy stepped on such a bargain!brb ordering mine now Pri...this is marketing at the basic level They have to stay relevant It's an April fool's day joke lol Seconded! I'll never get used to 8 am classes and have now settled on recording my lectures so I don't miss a thing I am present in the lectures ofc but since it gets difficult to focus on so many topics in back to back lectures. Recording them is more beneficial in the long run I feel Semester system for you Also I'm glad y'all got online exams hey i'm so glad we went back to pet vibes this is cute this makes me so happy! wow im not surprised at all whites have always thought of themselves as the most evolved did you know, the passing criteria was set to be 33 pc for people of the subcontinent because they thought that the South Asians weren't smart enough to achieve higher grades thankfully it was debunked for my degree it's 50 for a pass, 80 for distinction girl I literally focus better if I talk here while taking classes hahahaha kill me like a star plus drama ahahaha a serious problem in our households with the lights and the dramatic music lol Enjoying gaming Pri Sometimes I get so much interested in pointing out common tropes in a movie I'm watching or a book I'm reading(even Choices) that I think I should've gone to film school Then I remember the saying about funding your passions Thanks for the recommendation Yeah it is difficult to secure financial aid even if you get selected for higher studies abroad Seen so many people going through this IRL On another note,might be just my sleep deprived brain but courts really need so many people to function I don't know how lawyers keep track of so much going on at once So much active listening required too, I mean. Now I get why cases get dragged on for so long I feel hypnotised Also I perked up when they got to quarks Miss studying physics so much Guess it'll show up in a future book This is so on brand uh who is this guy thanks for the laugh sounds like me dropping water on my laptop and accidentally pressing enter key just this morning Aw I'd love to eat Pani puri w you And did your Google maps not work in your dream? Haha true And why do they always insist on renewing big cities like that Aww that was because you were busy enjoying each other's company I miss those days sometimes All I remember is that awful birth and ||suicide|| scene and the nerd speech that had casual mention of ||rape|| Taare Zameen par was better imo Yeah tbh I loved the impact both movies made Forcing people to rethink the education system, and the humor in 3 idiots about university life was fun to see I just wish we had more movies like these Has anyone seen the white tiger ? I read the book but I'm not sure about the movie Mhm Entrance exams are so horrible seriously There was also, my name is Khan. The dialogue really stays with me although I don't watch movies much rather I pay attention to their music Kota factory, sounds par for the course You might have some idea about the profit private academies earn by simply getting students to enroll in their prep courses Which do nothing but tire you out Haha same They put a lot of pressure on you Both a waste of time and money Mhm Oof It doesn't do well to dwell on dreams and forget to live I stole it from harry potter :kek: Anyway, things work out But I could've travelled somewhere with that money Please do I'd appreciate some serotonin right now Yay!! Update: Voltra's choreography is indescribable Can't imagine how hard she must have worked for her moves to be this in sync w the music Nice Now more than ever Lol Guess who's gonna cook for 3 people now that mom's not well And also make all kinds of  sick people food That I most definitely do not know how to make  Anyway I hope I don't fuck up too much Never mind I actually came up with some pretty good ideas :judgeyfroge: Just like in Bloodbound some of the senators are vampires and show up on TV Everyday I learn something new Are you arguing against or for it? Yeah, I hope your dissertation goes well Pardon my British but this is trashy And unsightly And it just got worse I'm inclined to agree with that She looks like she isn't conscious in this which makes my mind go to unpleasant scenarios No but I've heard of it Pri The name, of the movie. I used to read reviews and summaries of movies that were releasing so I could talk about them. What's this one about? Hahahaa Nvm I just read the summary I will definitely watch that. Thanks for recommending it:uwuhappy: Sidenote: I do wish they'd shot the movie in actual Lahore and not Amritsar though. Would've raised the authenticity here But yeah that just means I get to see what Bollywood thinks Lahore looks like :kek: Now you're speaking my language I know , you don't have to explain all that:CharmanderHi: Let's do VC It'll be so much fun with a group This reminds me of the time a match was being livestreamed and a guy straight up commented
"___ agr match dekh rhi ho please unblock krdo" You know you're craving social interaction when even your *dreams* are about meeting people on campus again Yep I got inspired And riverdale was indeed a mess But I loved reading archie comics in the paper as a kid I used to wake up at 7 30 am on summer vacations to watch that show and I begged my mom to get me strawberries because I wanted to be exactly like Strawberry shortcake God I miss those days lol Mom was just happy I was finally eating fruit:kek: Anyway,now I pretend riverdale doesn't exist and I had a thing with drawing pictures out of the storybooks I used to read w little dialogue boxes Mhm, a very jealous Caterpillar was Firework's very first drawing I wanted to convert all of my storybooks into drawings Handmade, that is Huj Huh I mean I thought this was something only shown in the movies I'm such a baby w how I can focus on only 15 minutes of a lecture before getting distracted "I feel like most of you leave your laptops open and go eat your lunch in the other room"- this is going to be a fun class I was that kid today But our prof strongly hinted on colleges being closed for another year so:dead: I love how anytime Mara posts it's always SuJu content Also the relief you feel after finally doing the dishes >>
Omg I suddenly turned into a ~~boring~~ adult Should I turn this into a Taylor swift stan server:MunchlaxMunch: :Duffyevil: Haha Guess who's not sleeping before her mid-morning meal and will mess up her sleep schedule I feel like a zombie Also look like one Oof Pri just try sleeping I am only up because I have to eat Yep Bright and early and I don't sleep before sehri since I was up chatting w my friend and got distracted watching cooking shows Top Chef that is No use sleeping for just an hour now Anyway gl w your exam today!! I have 8 am classes tomorrow so this is going to be so fun when I go to sleep in an hour and then wake up in 4 hours and have to function without tea Same lol I only study after they're over Because they don't help at all Virtual classes waste time unless the professor makes it an interactive session By which I mean asking and answering questions Ooh That unfortunately can't happen with my subjects So I just try to watch lectures in which the professor is really good Like Kaplan, pathoma, Dr Najeeb,sketchy. Anyway to make myself learn because it'll not be fair to myself if I don't learn now Help I haven't finished my tea and there are sirens :ohgodohduck: Finished most of it so I count that a win So I was watching this cooking show and I found this tidbit Please taste sauces w a spoon if you're cooking, I found it hilarious that they had to emphasise that The show is fun though I think you should not care what other people think about you If people think you're a nerd, own it And be proud of it But hey everyone's got a different way of looking at life so:MunchlaxMunch: Yeah I got called nerd in pre med a lot so the person who called me that ended up a private medical colleges, while I thankfully didn't go there Did throw me off a little Then, but now I realise people only do this to people who they feel threatened by Well, if someone's parents are comparing their kids to you, it's not your fault Pri. It's bad parenting I knew I had to study hard because I couldn't afford tuition This is not being a nerd, this is being realistic and smart And if your friends don't listen to you when you tell them to stop, they aren't your friends That doesn't mean you can't try new things, and trust me, scoring good in academics doesn't mean you are as 1 dimensional as you think you are I get that sweetie, but it gets easier when you get older and meet newer people believe me. Just whatever you do, don't let this slide, or prevent you from doing good in academics. It's not your whole identity, it never has been. But it can be a part of it while allowing you to explore more things that you love doing It makes sense to me actually. Change also comes in small steps so, please don't be that hard on yourself if you aren't as good as communicating with your friends as you'd like. True I mean Most of the time I just want to get done w my classes On another note The new icon is.. bad Random thought: I can't believe the next year med school textbooks will include covid 19 as just another virus Like we're studying normal regular viruses now Also I just remembered now one of my exam questions mentioned it so maybe my idea isn't far fetched. And our teachers more frequently talk about it. Late but I love the new logo so much  Is it worth it to sleep 2 hrs before a class, asking for a friend It's so hot where I live lol cold water helps cool off Yeah I like to stay hydrated throughout the day so I'm not fussy about that Cold water> room temperature water though I've heard it's good for you, drinking warm water,that is. No I pretty much dislike calibri too It just *looked* wrong I preferred Ariel black :MunchlaxMunch: Uhh I forgot to check my email or study rip Later this year means  November? Also the mystery book is non VIP so good to hear There was also a teaser about it a while back Oof Also now I'm craving fried chicken I romanced everyone except Ethan does that count? yep living my best life in a virtual hospital Aww WHYYY We have people who like and romance all LI's here and we value everyone's opinion thank you all for the support here, it's okay. It barely registered on my radar I was too worried about my friend Okay you don't need to do that but *hugs* awww oof Aw come on, :uwuhappy: :Dopeyhappy: Means a lot, truly oof it's okay Mara lives in her own land I kinda love that land :BooParty: Bee is all knowing :Dopeyhappy: indeed Twitter didn't work? I feel like it may be a problem with the Ub3r bot But I linked it with the main Choices server The Twitter one, Raven Should work now What is shondaverse Thank you for telling Never watched it so didn't know ,im Choices Open Heart Shonda There is I did that once too Uber is there, it doesn't get triggered now Cool Chapter 9 has been posted in #mysterious-historical-romance-book :uwuhappy: What are we seeing Yes She looks like a character in It lives Uhhh Who wants Sam to murder someone Also Hi Everyone Good evening! Thank you! Yeah murder would I agree TNA is .. Personally slightly Concerning for me But I don't mind it in a fantasy medium WT was cute I went for both Jaime and Anna True ^ I feel like that's a good idea For me it's almost better I joined the fandom so late Because I played almost all the books before that Yeah VOS I loved It was the first book I picked from the catalogue because I'm a fan of mystery (VOS) Yeah Mmhmm But I find it easier not to think much about how a book is going to be like Nowadays Reddit comments Make you judge a book too quickly And they're always the same lol Speaking of TNA I don't Is OH chapter 12 description still not up? Okay OMG I hate that Is this art credited? Yes This is why I'm wary Also Congratulations on levelling up:BooParty: :BooParty: :BooParty: OMG :wut: OMG Unclean Unclean :Dopeysurprised: :HOLUP: Why did I remove the spoiler tag rip :Facepalm: Thank you for motivating me to get off of Discord :uwuhappy: When Tumblr wasn't censored I blocked that specific tag Made my life easier Yeah That helped too Sometimes it helps to just.. Ignore what you can't control I was referring to how far people may go to express their feelings in social media platforms..but yeah that works too It is a little jarring for me to see Oh If you feel that bad about it Maybe try restarting? Or you can always finish this playthrough and restart with Hunter. Fictional characters are sometimes a little compelling here What exactly did they say? If a fictional LI has feelings for us and we don't return them I think we as players can feel a little sad But in the end It is our choice Wow Also #the-apple-obsessed-monarchy  for more chat about this topic :CharmanderHi: Michelle's portrayal is extremely realistic Not everyone falls at your feet the first time they meet you I'm sorry if my phrasing is not correct right now But we need to understand this while judging female characters in Choices So is Jackie Varma.. I understand her competitive instinct It is unfortunate she's written in a series where we don't know much about her character It makes sense and I agree with you. Thank you for the clarification Yay you levelled up! Hey everyone! Just a general question! Do people actually name their vehicles? Yes I remember Abbie tried to express herself a lot through her art in the Junior Which I mean, I am not an artist but I feel like the people are a little too hard on Abbie Same I can draw diagrams by practicing I admire artists People that write, musicians, painters, all of them use their imaginations in amazing ways If I ever replay TF, I may take that scene in which Abbie teaches MC how her creative process works and learn more about her iirc it was in the Junior It always feels that way when a series ends I suppose The Senior ending was amazing It felt like I was the one graduating I mean, they really wrote it well you know Yeah. That was cute I was happy and hopeful That's what the writers go for I think Mmhmm This is why we play Choices But yeah agreed It has its ups and downs But at the end of the day I hope it works out Which guy was bi And how did I miss that In LoveHacks I'm pretty sure I played it and remember 1 female LI And naming my MC and Leah's company Buzzfeed Ohh yeah Thank you for the reminder Finally! I can escape to another planet :uwuhappy: Yess! Finally a meme I recognise That'll be a sad dark day It should I don't understand people born in 2000's Yeah I know lmao You're too young Why did everyone call it the millennium bug? Yeah I just googled it Trust spirits to cause chaos Yeah internet osmosis I feel 40 Ah well My teen years left me isolated and with no friends. I have a better handle on things now So yeah Internet culture and the globalisation takes a while to arrive in other countries so the 90's memes would be recognised by 2000's generation My brother used it. We had desktop computers until 2005 Yeah 7 years I wasn't interested in social media though Yes The large age gap is because of a reason that might be a little different for this channel The built in GIF's remind me of people that have Discord Nitro I wished that too. I think there's something about older siblings that creates a distance Maybe generation gap But I wouldn't ever trade them for anything Yeah I always love when they visit Oh I am. Very close. You sort of have to be I mean, what else have you got except family and friends? Ahvrvbdhd Lmao I was 2 when it happened. Don't blame me Aww They thought it in 2012 too Lmao That was a fun time Oh I uh didn't mean to offend anyone Yeah I felt that But I really don't think there's a secret you figure out Once you hit a certain age Me too I was miserable and unsure I feel like thinking too much about what you missed out on, is not entirely healthy Oof True I'd not tolerate anyone I Am going to work on  my assignments Byeee :CharmanderHi: See you:uwuhappy: Now I think about it People of 2000's have taught me some important lessons Yeah I mean my little cousin Who likes to remind me she's 16 But I like that she's more open minded and more talkative than I was And yeah teenagers these days are more likely to talk and share their struggles My mom would praise me in front of other people But she'd always critique me when talking to me Words do leave a mark I've faced that too Yeah The thing is You have to understand your parents It gets easier to communicate Once you realise their struggles And see them as humans Yeah I still love her though I know how much she does She has a hard time showing it But I understand her now It wasn't my fault Exactly Societal pressures contribute to the way parents raise their kids Yeah Parents think boys don't need affection or praise. It is a wrong mindset of raising children and it makes them think of themselves as not needing any support Yeah. You are just taught to deal with it or find distractions I feel glad to know you Hayley Thank you for sharing all this This gives me hope Yeah Don't even think about it It never does One experience One thing Doesn't define you It never will It never stays that way No matter what your actual feelings are Life always Goes back up As I understand it I feel the same I shouldn't But it's hard to let go of that feeling Yes There are some things that are achievable Your mind tells you a lot of lies Exactly Yeah ^ And there are always people willing to listen *Lack of emotions* is an emotion I hate to break it to you And willing to handle things no one else could? This seems like most of the time I thought less of most of my peers for showing emotions Vulnerability doesn't mean you can suddenly tell people everything about your experiences To me it just means slowing down a little Being gentler on myself You will be We all are here for you Ray Anytime I missed a mutiny   I love that one too. I love the :yousoro: one I see more UmiSlay But yeah UmiYay :BooParty: No you can't ban people :CharmanderHi: Yeah okay  Group hugs What can't you use Pri Yay! I will be getting those too:CharmanderHi: Time to topple the Maratatorship How did you get from that to that This is understandable And yeah I constantly have to check my phone didn't replace any Urdu words I understand everything lmao No she didn't Call you anything Priya would never:MunchlaxMunch: Yeah it is Only I would understand Lmao Shbdhdnd Yeah idk Like Yeah please I know, right I am just enjoying the slow realization Don't ping her she's asleep Yeah but feel free to express your happiness At her return :Dopeyhappy:  > I took French in high school and suddenly I've forgotten all of it
I recognised 3 words. Never took French though :CharmanderHi: Heyy! So much french I don't understand a word of I think I recognised three words Fromage is cheese And omelette is self explanatory Yeah when stay at home started I wanted to learn a language But it ended up a fruitless endeavour Now I'm just happy I know 2 Yeah I mean, good for the brain and all that Can't read Hindi Make it 4 I can read Arabic Can't understand it Like some words I can understand but if I meet a fluent speaker:dead: Then I wouldn't be able to hold my own against what they're telling me I find linguistics intriguing though Uhh I'm sure you would Find many people named that in real life Me too But I'm procrastinating It does Travelling would be difficult I would imagine French is a beautiful language I would like to take a course in french someday Learning languages shapes the mind > ohh Jen, how wrong you were
TNA would beg to differ > I see
Yeah, It can be fulfilling to challenge yourself. Although I have heard French is difficult to learn Hey Good morning! > The topic is death and mourning in ancient Greece so it's going to be a morbid three hours for me lol
I remember watching TED-ED animations about that but they lasted 5 minutes. Doing research must be difficult Yes I saved him in my playthrough PB just likes to play with emotions Yess Chaos reign:CharmanderHi: You've earned a blanket day They must be fun:Dopeyhappy: > I have only seen snow on snow park.
I have only seen snow in the mountains. After it had fallen. I was very young though Me too:Dopeyhappy:  Beating pots and pans together? People actually do that > If a bear starts creeping around your camp looking for food while you and four other girls are hiding inside of a flimsy tent
That's an amazing story:CharmanderHi: And I thought my adventures of going to northern areas where there are no roads and plenty of risk with wild animals was adventurous But yeah you've got them beat:partay: > It's not too hard to scare them off unless they're really hungry
Uh, hungry? What do they eat:ohgodohduck: Oof > They don't like loud noises though so it's not too hard to scare them off usually
Okay this is good to know > Moose are even scarier imo because they're gigantic and really dumb so it's hard to scare them away 
Uhhh, moose I've never encountered but I'd like them to give me my personal space:CharmanderHi: > Bears are opportunists
I agree:kek: That happens to me all too often Same I woke up a little later because it was Sunday and got a headache I'm too old to change sleeping patterns :CharmanderHi: TIM:uwuhappy: :Dopeyhappy: The best of the lot:uwuhappy: And a perfect choice:CharmanderHi: Thank you for sharing Hayley, it looks so good Haha Oh that's good Yeah those stories must be funny I don't even bother considering buying merch But I'm glad for those that do:uwuhappy: Yeah I remember that That was cute:Dopeyhappy: OMG :BooParty: I know :CharmanderHi: Love the shelves stuff:Dopeyhappy: UwU Same They appear to look similar but neso's size will not be that big I like how you've kept her so clean and neat Yeah This is important. If you're a collector Same I just kept mine for aesthetic/sentimental reasons Wow. I thought I was a good keeper by machine washing them Yeah true OMG I LOVE THIS  I love the fan on the wall:Dopeyhappy: > speaking from my experience of washing a 4.5 feet teddy
That is a huge endeavour > This is whats on top of that box which I hope to get more stuff for. But right now the keychain and the fan have fallen over :aaaaaaaaaaah:
Okay they will be fine Also I hate that Mara's emotes turn into text in my app Lol > I have a peacock bedsheet that looks quite similar to this one
I have often seen peacock prints in outfits. I steer clear of those :CharmanderHi: :MunchlaxMunch: Mmhmm The neso ones? Okay. I actually like the keychains I wouldn't be opposed to owning them Mmhmm These look wonderful though:CharmanderHi: Umi:dogeheart: Yesss And Chibi art is :dogeheart: That's good! Aww Iz okay You'll get them Someday And it's going to be worth it When you open the box Oof No you'll definitely get it if you paid for it. That's good Okay Mara, don't think of stuff that *hasn't happened yet* Yay! Yeah that is something Uhh okay No worries. I am here:CharmanderHi: Bye The future is a little unpredictable I like to not think about the second waves or the chances of covid spreading while taking all the precautions I can. This helps me. It is going to happen here too. They're continuing to reopen and close institutions as soon as 1 person tests positive This is only applicable to *educational institutions*  Everywhere else is open. Even marriage halls Restaurants Crowds Oh yeah, protests are happening Without masks Yeah I can imagine There was one in a major city A week ago It was.. I don't want to go into details It's really hard to think about it. So I avoid the news But the thing is, if there is no reason for protests, then they shouldn't be happening. And if there is a reason, follow precautions I hope they're okay. Everyone there. > @ Me too, it's really easy to become emotionally fatigued and overburdened by the state of the news right now
Yes. I am aware of what is happening around me. But I'd rather not watch it being hyped up by the media because ultimately I know they're not reporting it in a responsible manner and not raising awareness And I agree about the feeling overburdened point too. I'd rather do my best to help people > Your collection is very cool also 
Yes:Dopeyhappy: Exactly. And this ultimately leads to further problems. You have to prioritise yourself first Yeah I agree It gets exhausting The sensationalism I can see the reason for, for some mainstream news outlets that may be the only way they can actually make people pay attention But it's different for different countries And compassion fatigue is so real, and realistic that it devolves into other problems You summed it up I am glad that you're there for them It is the same for my grandfather I try to visit him twice a week Elderly people are resilient Yeah but the last time I visited I felt guilty for not visiting him more A social group is extremely important for support Can your grandparents use any form of technology? This is good to know :CharmanderHi: Actually keeps them occupied And gives them a chance to interact Exactly It must have been rewarding to see That was a good thing you did for them Yes I am I can talk to him more easily than my parents I respect him a lot:CharmanderHi: Yeah, he has always been a good listener I just want him to be there when I graduate I hope he will be. Teaching grandparents technology is a real challenge though Hey it's Chaos True Dad still has trouble with technology Yeah my grandpa loves to watch sports and read the news He is aware of everything relevant to his grandchildren Which is so sweet Like, shows he cares you know > I am not always chaotic. (I think?)
No you're not:dogeheart: Yeah OMG This is adorable Imagine grandpa sending memes Uh, my parents would share that But grandpa is chill He never talks about any topics I don't bring up Yeah so it's all about sports and what's going with college and my friends and his health So it's all good ^ He would never talk about marriage with me This is why we're close I mean, part of it is good Part of it, scaring you to study Is iffy But I'm glad you know they're adamant Yeah This is what you should focus On I like my personal space too No No redfield I'd rather meet Jinx the cat > How's everyone doing today?
Just a little power outage but I took precautionary measures and managed to attend my classes:CharmanderHi: You're correct. And hopefully the power should be back on in 3 hours :CharmanderHi: Lmao I'm catching up on some Choices books to pass the time Open Heart 2 Latest Chapter I'll go to the channel > nice! ~~please catch up on my account too~~
You know you can always open your own app > I spent the key on the latest chap but haven't played it yet
I do that often It helps me to not waste the keys:CharmanderHi: See:smart: All of these are good options to resume:Dopeyhappy: Even if you know what's coming, it's always nice to see them executed in the app Get ready Thank you:uwuhappy: Spirits came up with the name:Dopeyhappy: :uwuhappy: But yeah  Call me emote was another suggestion :dogeheart: Oof Carly's songs are so good:uwuhappy: I think I haven't listened to that one but one of my favourites was 'Good time' It's so upbeat and energetic :partay: :Dopeyhappy: Oh I didn't know she was Canadian But I love her songs The more you learn What is WCP Oof All the books in this list are good though:Dopeyhappy: Mmhmm Why not finish Blades and DS That's understandable I didn't finish DS on my 2nd account Wonder what ES WCP looks like I think I stopped on Ch 14 Blades But did finish it on first account Yeah true At least they save progress So if you finish one playthrough, replaying it means that the last one is saved OMG I honestly didn't think of it like an RPG or a story Yeah I don't know, I never did any calculations of XP in Blades Aww Use a pen and paper :Dopeyhappy: Go old school :MunchlaxMunch: tim is best boy Editing doesn't work Tim is best boy :Dopeyhappy: ........ Let's talk about me wanting to start MTFL and not having the motivation To get through 35 keys No it's good Actually not bad But I just don't have the motivation to do anything consistently for long periods of time Plus high school and adults getting on my nerves yes it makes it difficult for the editors too maybe this is why we ask members not to leak spoilers outside this server It ruins the experience for players that don't want to be spoiled What are all these nicknames Very subtle Pri And Spirits :ohgodohduck: Pri named herself to yell at me to sleep No I tried to but couldn't No it's okay. I am fine now Oof Oh I still have an Anatomy class Will be free in 50 minutes > and now i'm getting a reading response done
Good luck You'll make it Oof I find it helps me to focus on one thing at one time If I'm in class I don't look at my phone Wow. And I've seen some  examples of how you write Yeah but you know, college classes are often like that to me. The test which I'm supposed to prep for and take on Saturday, is about a topic I don't care about But I have to take it. Although I'd much rather talk to my friends > and more or less you get the 10 points for submitting it on time
Sounds like most of my assignments Yeah it's okay Take care of yourself. IRL things are more important than anything else It looks good. I wrote this stuff in English papers I'll check Doing better than yesterday I'm glad for that The picture is beautiful Looks like a little bit of greenery Oh, I love to hear them chirp around my house The birds I mean > How are you feeling?
It varies but I'm giving myself time It helps to think about the good times > Yeah, I'm lucky that there are a lot of nice trees around my place
Trees are a wonderful sight, I have a lot of childhood memories associated with them.:CharmanderHi: Oof One time  I went on the beach and yeah Like all newbies Forgot a change of clothes That was still worth it though Seeing the sand and the ocean for the first time Nothing else like it Yay! I collected sea shells for nostalgia Crab? That's... Scary That still is an unpleasant thing to experience Oof As you should be :Dopeysurprised: Lmao This just gets better and better I thought my story about stepping on sea shells was adventurous:ohgodohduck: > Broken glass were common for a week after new year
Yeah > Can I be the one who says that I dont think stone beaches should count as beaches
No, I think both have their charms Rocky beaches have much higher waves They're pretty, idk what to call it Magnificent(?) To watch Sandy beaches are fun to play on And lounge around Like I said, pros and cons Rocky beaches fill me with a sense of awe Yeah OMG What is this place Beautiful :Dopeyhappy: It looks stunning You're really lucky to go there And visit Now these trains  I recognise But the view must have been amazing Outside the windows Wow :uwuhappy: I'd never go to sleep if I was taking that journey Too afraid of missing this view Yay! Me too It would be amazing to see OMG Just look at the way it froze It looks like it actually follows a pattern in which all the water was falling > we had a terrible and destructive winter last year but there were some beautiful aspects of all the snow and ice too
I'm sorry to hear about the harsh winter I know it takes a toll > my car was completely buried
Yeah I've read about it > then we had a really nice summer so it balanced out 
I hope this winter will be better :dogeheart: And yes summers are the best No matter how much I may complain Summer is basically the season of greenery It may go on for too long. Still going on in my area but it's better than winter Cringey selfies make for good memories :CharmanderHi: The jeep part sounds familiar I'm assuming normal cars won't go Yeah I understood Me too I used to hike a lot There aren't, but I lived the summer before last year in an area where hiking was basically a weekend activity Yeah it was amazing, also exhausting I had to build up an endurance But I reached a point where I could hike when I eventually went on our annual family holiday It was 10000 ft above sea level The area is called Siri Paye I'll share a photo It was exactly that No we couldn't. It was so high up in the mountains that we could just stay here up and wander around This is Shogran Valley in Pakistan Yes Yes South Asia Haha Be careful Just because a country appears a certain way in the headlines doesn't mean that is all there is to it This is Kaghan Valley, a popular tourist spot Of course I couldn't share the pictures I took That's Neelum Valley I haven't travelled there Yeah. I've been here twice. Lake Saif ul Maluk Once when I was in 1st grade And once I think, 3 years back Yes, that's what we do in Summer Holidays It gets difficult as all the siblings are older > We mostly just visit my grandparents in summer lol
I did that too. Lots of fond memories I got my Passport for SAT But yeah I have travelled I won't disclose where for privacy reasons This must be rough All family vacations cancelled Oof Yeah. I wish I'd actually seen snow though The closest I came to see snow was after it had fallen In the lake Saif ul Maluk( Mountains) No It's on my bucket list Yeah it must be magical Truee Awww You missed a W No worries UwU Yay! I just want to see how it feels like That was a lot to take in.. It sounds like your dad did the adult equivalent of, I've read all the rules and terms of this contract Like what you do when installing a program RIP Yay Spirits :dogeheart: What is Winter Wonderland anyway?
The closest thing I remember was a festival in HSS that led to fundraising No, I'm in class until 12 am *pm can I DM u?
You can contact someone else from the staff No,Ray He asked if he could DM me Since I was and still am in classes Thank you What happened That is creepy :MunchlaxMunch: That reminds me, I need to replay It Lives Yay! October is the best time to replay It Lives I feel Uhh What Ian is this Noooo This is probably the best thing Look at the knife:ohgodohduck: And the smoke tendrils Good old days I was inspired by her writing though Did I? Or Did I not Take actual inspiration :MunchlaxMunch: I actually loved how she described it Her writing style was so good that it made me write long critiques :CharmanderHi: Although I am not a writer Yeah, it was probably my first message in the TRR chat in Old Spoilerland Praising her writing :dogeheart: UwU Now I need to sleep Have a good Timezone :CharmanderHi: > Oh yeah I remember inviting you and Metra just to see Mara's fics
I know this is why you invited me:Dopeyhappy: Spoooky nightssssss Remember OG Amelia Violet's kid Oof That was cute This is not Metta No Cursed I know but the dragon onesie was cute And purple Which made it look better Lol I hope not I still remember the hilarious part about why TRH 2 was delayed because they didn't want the 'heir to look like Bartie in a dress' Wonder what kids they'll use for BD 2 Baby Bump 2 Yeah Exactly Oof And Lindsay was there This is because that was at a very particular moment and we all wanted to run away From that moment It was awkward Also stop dressing up babies in tuxedos Or whatever age Bartie is Idk if it's a tuxedo I don't know much about this apparel But this is definitely something formal? Yeah Thank goodness for the new sprite At least him talking doesn't look weird Hey Thank you!! I do get breaks in between  DW, I saw it Deleted the message because it was a spoiler But it is definitely a change This is what I aspire to be Hope you had a nice sleep What flavour:uwuhappy: Ice cream always cheers me up:CharmanderHi: Finally :Dopeyhappy: It was a long time coming for our resident  chaos creator :MunchlaxMunch: Mmhmm. Yeah. Thank you:Dopeyhappy: Oof. Looking outside the window helps with car sickness For me If I don't look at my phone, and just close my eyes. It gets better Yay! I'm procrastinating a little by changing my fonts. Studying for an exam is a little time consuming ngl:CharmanderHi: Okay:CharmanderHi: 
See you Bye Pri Mmhmm, I thought it was better to spend time with family on my day off > I keep putting it off
I think it's all about balance. That's really sweet. These are the little moments they remember And you can also bribe them with donuts again Because I am the little cousin or sibling in that scenario:MunchlaxMunch: Awww Now see, this is how you turn them into your minions Children have such a refreshing outlook on life Yeah, often they're more observant than we give them credit for OMG This is evil. Why did I not think of that:Duffyevil: My little cousin has the most interesting stories about things that happen in her school and I love to listen to her talking about reaching out to wallflowers or children that are TW:||bullied|| I always try to encourage her to be positive and welcoming to newer kids. She is. I try to be a good listener to her despite our age gap Thank you. She has good judgment about people I feel. But it always helps to tell younger people to be kinder Yes it is. It is something I was mostly protected from because most kids that score higher in classes aren't TW:||bullied even if they are plus sized|| and I wasn't a TW:||bully|| because of being immersed with my studies and minding my own business. But I could've used a reminder to be kinder This is adorable I feel like you really don't need to take them out for donuts :CharmanderHi: But yeah, the collection sounds so cute :uwuhappy: It's a fair trade imo I passed on all the books I had that I bought as a pre teen to my  cousin and she was ecstatic :Dopeyhappy: I used to read those for her and translate them into our language  as dramatically as possible. That was amazing bonding time Yeah they do. They're observant about these things I think I would too.
In any capacity. I like to think I can leave an impact in the mind of the kids I interact with.I still remember the nice doctors who treated me as a kid and how much some of them made an impact by their calm and gentle manner. It is too early and depends on many variables but one can always hope  Thank you Hayley
I think I'm a little unsure about this since I only study basic subjects(pre clinical) and i know that pediatricians directly deal with sick children and that may be out of my comfort zone. On the other hand,it *is*  extremely rewarding to help them. I don't have to decide a speciality until a few years so I'll be sure to take my time with this. I can always volunteer in any capacity even if pediatrics isn't my speciality Yes:CharmanderHi: Oh Hi Mara Exactly OMG:killme: Oh jesus Yeah people will look at any excuse for that. To blame doctors Mmhmm, it's always more complicated :Dopeyhappy: Too cute:uwuhappy: It's like a little souvenir from every visit :uwuhappy: :Dopeyhappy:  Congratulations :Dopeyhappy: long day seconded I'm going to make some hot chocolate type of thing, to celebrate the slightly cooler weather:Dopeyhappy: I will :uwuhappy: . It doesn't require much effort:smart: that sounds amazing Oh they went well I hope it goes well! Yeah Happy Mid Autumn festival to those who celebrate!! This is true art:MunchlaxMunch: Congratulations to all the emote contest winners!! :Dopeyhappy: :BooParty: :CharmanderHi: I love every new emote so much I may not stop using :zoeywink: The :gorguetea:  runs for me We had a lot of submissions to choose from and a limited number of available slots. But I'll look forward to the next time we hold an event like this Thank you to everyone who participated in this Yes Furball is happy that Yunqi spotted him :CharmanderHi: :furballhappy: TC&TF has got a specific kind of humor I think LH was fun to play Mmhmm I enjoyed the sitcom aspect of it this is definitely sth we need a disclaimer for Don't attempt this at home :GWowoBlobCoffee: what did I miss now Okay yeah that scene sounds like a 'maybe in another life scenario' True Although the MC sprite changing the dialogue only happened in Blades,QB, DnD, MTFL and I think those were it but I may be wrong Oh yeah now I remember. 1.Witness MC 2.Maxwell Poor guy omg 3. Kane from TE 4. Something Sci-fi or set in Hollywood where Kane is the movie director or captain of a spaceship Just one book They should hire you And ngl I'd love a book where we have an actual "villian" LI I'm more into the mystery aspect of it. Not knowing *which LI* is a villian And Richards is problematic imo *sterling But yeah oof BB and NB do have a connection when Cal appears and in the Holiday special Oh I remember that now I'm just neutral about it being here I guess. I liked Cordonia in TRR much better And England :marafrogemoji: Lol Stan Charlie My fav character in the book and I've only played a couple chapters.  But yeah I'd love an environmentally conscious teen actually willing to stand up for her principles and honestly that kid made me root for her and her cause. Is the group name still Kassaiz? They sound like a cool bunch of people. :niapanic: Oh :marafrogemoji: I pretend I do not see it Hey this might fit my phone case RIP international shipping though I know what you mean, I'd want so many details about the school at first and MC is just ..vibing The fact you said you had a test on Monday Also colors PRI I LOVE THIS IDIOM  Mood But I have to study biochem Ikr Biochem is the worst subject I've had to study in med school Omg That's a colour afaik The Freshman series group And..a book Yeah I'm zombie food:kek: Who is Geralt? Mood Maybe it's all the people who want escapism being the target market I mean I grew up watching the extreme popularity of dress up games+home decor+cooking games So yeah maybe Choices has decided that it specifically needs to cater to that demographic. Videogames were and are popular too But it sounds to me like Choices knows where the money is and is going towards that direction. And tbh FB moms may be the ones who need the most escapism. Living a fictional life where you know everything will be okay if you spend diamonds is easier than facing reality It's sad if you think of it this way. This is why Choices is successful as a game, and why books like TRR/TRH and TNA earned them so much capital Okay if it weren't for the moral choices we had to make as Kenna Her sprite design,and the incessant DomKenna shipping would've driven me up the wall Come to think of it, even Samantha Massey is shown as being the typical tomboy who is suffering from the 'I'm not like other girls' syndrome Had there been MW2,I'd hope they fixed that But the female protagonists(Sam and Kenna had personalities, albeit they did seem like r/menwritingwomen And that's valid.Basically I just wish they didn't have the anger issues/tough girl trope thing we see in pop culture where heroin has to be this strong person who is unshakeable,nothing bothers her because the writers only know how to write a certain way. You can *not* be a damsel in distress and know how to pick a dress for an occasion. Nuance The NB witch Nightbound witch I suspect PB writers may be more conservative than we thought :kek: ,img Choices loola Have I missed that cute little face I agree with the person who is tired of the trope And Harper is Queen Okay I'll keep the rest of my thoughts to myself I miss the days when tumblr got blocked here:kek: Yeah they're always prone to exaggeration Can't wait for the chaos again Especially since I'll not be editing it thankfully. Thank you again bee :Dopeyhappy: When is OH 3 supposed to be releasing? I'll actually be able to recognise the diseases they come up with in this book. Since 3rd year med students read clinical subjects :BooParty: That's terrible. I hope your friend blocks them and knows that it wasn't about posting anything but people on the internet can be cruel with too much time to waste. Good afternoon my gboard is autocorrecting pupillary diameter to peepal tree diameter ,img Aurora Emery I liked this hair Nope it's my regular hair uwu:CharmanderHi: When I'm not under the eurocentric pressure to straighten it:kek: Thank you:uwuhappy: That's pretty intriguing. I'd definitely play this if it existed irl Choices Soundtrack is so good I think her excitement is kinda nice Happy women's day y'all:furballhappy: My contribution to it is going to be finishing my physio course today :bestinshow: That's not surprising Oh yeah poor Diana Did AVSP become available for non VIP yet? Good I need some reason to be excited about after my favourite band broke up  just look at that face no idea that's..oddly specific nothing really beats Hana's hair and Olivia's original design though Uhhh wow Yeah I mean I love how Bel notices things most people don't I honestly just replay books I like I think I went for Victoria in RCD Yeah it's been odd Yeah The LI's being secondary to the plot are something I miss about Choices For me, it's getting to the point where almost every book uses the formula of pick one or nothing too quickly Yeah,probably  it's just me but MC's now just seem a little too desperate, the best friend/sister being too interested in helping with make up and outfits and the friend group extremely non existent except for helping with the plot or romance Is this a new update? I'm going to restore my progress ofc but idk what even I installed help Rhndne YA leads to HSS Vampire idk Yep Oh thank goodness it doesn't lead to MTFL now Oh Maybe this is why Choices MC's give so much self insert vibes No family,no backstory, you can be whoever you want I think Witness had Cassian mention their background a lot, but MC was a strong independent urban dweller Yeah I think that book missed the point of both of them resisting each other MC doesn't even look for options Trope from start to finish,huh It's the cynic in me but I've found more fulfillment in friendship these days because I haven't seen relationships that last,at all Both partners go w unrealistic expectations of each other and then disappointment builds resentment Clasp is behind the neck Usually I'm Jackie The creepy hand thing scared me Would you mind translating it so the rest of us could be in on the joke Oh okay Cartiers:takemymoney: