what are the roles here?  thanks can i has 18+ cursed chat please? when you have a moment? he/him, spoiler roles too  sorry LOL thx god im older than 18 both  After dark sounds naughty af and Im here for it  Hehehe I know lmao @unforgivablespelling its a great title ahah LOL i do miss my yellow label Oooo are u adding new emotes? Wait On a Saturday? Ouch Lol I miss UwU UwU  Oof Some of the best LIs in the app  *chefs kiss* Charlie is a dream Im still pissed at PB for Doing that to Charlie Thx god they did Oliver was like a last minute thing Lol Yea I loved we spent more time. With Edward and Charlie Edward was great Charlie is head and shoulders above the rest Baby bump is amazing Lmao Jk I couldnt finish baby bump PB logic Then again pB isnt good with babies, toddlers, and young kids The royal heir is the exception Omg I found my old power rangers toy Eeeep So happy Power rangers in space  Yea ahaha So stoked Right?!? I love them all When someone on the sub likes your flair lol I feel famous ahaha Cuz its the exact same order And Im like Thats mine I woke up way too early And now I can t go back to bed Lol This is what when you work 8-5 But want to sleep in on weekends I did And nope didnt work lol Im always hitting 6 hours I need to find a way to get 7-8 hours for once lmao Its evening in my area lol But hi Monday is a holiday for us in the USA Thx god cuz I need one Yep Nice Oh no Thankfully my boss said Monday was a holiday Nice I need to use my vacation hours from work But cant go anywhere thx to covid Staycation I had three weddings to attend to All postponed Yea My friends did zoom weddings And postponed the party 4day weeks are blessings Yikes What do u do? Accounting? Consulting? 50 hours is 50 hours Lmao Lmao Lmao Just cancel office hours And do one on one time Problem solved Jk I feel like TA is so much work Ouch Grad students are a different breed The commentary is top notch Oof Not jealous of u @Hayley Lol QB has grading papers 2% of the time 98% banging the professor 0% shown u actually studying Shit If my professor looked like Ina or Lexi I would be happy But all I have are old men as my professors Lmao Professor: hey how do u print pdf Wheres the financial aid office in this book Also career center Dorm food? Parking sucked at my college Cost an arm and a leg I had a crush on one of my math professors She was gorgeous But strict af Lmao Lmao Awww I miss undergrad No Full time working person  I did grad school, I miss it too Undergrad was business Econ and accounting minor Grad was accounting masters Luckily my masters program was one year Yep Thank you Opens up a lot of opportunities Grad school was fun but tough in its own way We had recruitment along with course work Our program tried to have us get jobs with the big accounting firms Recruitment to apply to forms Firms And grad school work for studies U gotta do whats best for your mental health There are so many career paths Theres bound to be one for you ray Well its good to start with what you like Tbh accounting has it perks but even Im not sure if its the long term thing for me Theres also trade schools if anything Lots of people switched so much stuff Once u find your niche its golden People always advertise success. Not the struggle keep that in mind Jen So gorgeous Her full view is amazing *chefs kiss* I remember In AME 1 I kissed Jen I was like hell yea That cape was badass tbh Yea more like a modern suit It looked nice I have the same Mackenzie But I replayed and married Jen Jen is super underrated Hana too Emma Lol Quinn One of my all time favorite Charlie  We can always replay  Im gonna miss my King Liam And my baby  Sorry Both MY flair is Quinn, Liam, Charlie, Logan, Nia, Sonia, Hana and Kayden I welcome variety I romanced Shreya Loved her confidence Griffin is great too Lmao Elliot from PTR Dude looks 35 lol Lmao How did u feel about PM then? I romanced all 5 I begrudgingly romance Damien Cuz I loved Sloane and Hayden Lmao I loved Hayden was like whatever when she found out my MC romanced Sloane I was like dang she aint even mad Lmao The harem with all 5 So awks with Damien and Alana QB May have like 10 And Im here for it That Veronica and carter scene for AB Qb So cheap I smashed the button I really wanted that Hayden - Harley sandwich Double the fun Lmao PB became naughty with the nanny affair Like thanks Pb I didnt need to know about Sams manhood But yet I read it I dont think the earlier ones had intense sex. Scenes Compared to witness and tna and qb Im at the part where Becca has bangs And Im like whyyy Now its u feel white hot passion fill u up I mean tbh TNa did start off with a sex scene I loved how they used blood bound romance music Come Ahhaha Didnt MC orgasm on the plane Lol U know, I always thought the twins would walk in on MC and Sam Lmao Sex and infidelity > everything else Poor Boone Baby bump I cant finish baby bump Too boring Baby bump is cursed The twins are gonna be demons And Im like gonna run away Heres one twin And the other Lmao Night Lol Lmao Ahaha Bartie and Bartina Lmao Why did u Im on chapter 5 of baby bump Lmao I couldnt finish Sunkissed SK is so boring Emma Lol  Ooo do tell Lmao Oh boy Lol I think choices is the only mobile game I play I dont know how to mod lol I cant do long distance running But I applaud u for doing it Lmao I need to be more active Lmao I experienced the thank god my running is over And I used to do track and field I only stuck with sprint Lol Damn u Mile run I played basketball and football for fun But Im not good at either Lol I wasnt blessed with footwork ahaha Hbu? Football like American football haha Volleyball is fun Yea For tomorrow? More house work with the folks Parents taking advantage of 3 day weekend to do work  I just want to sleep in and chill Hbu ray? Lol I love watching soccer @Hayley Nice Its a heat wave in my area Got up to 111 degrees Fahrenheit I suffer And drink water And chew on ice The QB premium is a tough read @Rayvenrock Its like blocked together lol I loved Real Madrid Because of Ronaldo But I havent watched as much I have tik tok But not an account Never got into it lol Fineeee I did not hear about the ||Pedophile ring  part...yikes || Time to delete Thanks Yea honestly I downloaded it and never used it Never got into it I almost deleted the discord app on my phone when I was deleting Ahhhh Doesnt tastu work Cool Off topic Does anyone watch tennis  I cant play badminton I cant play to save my life Ever time I hit it flies 30 feet in the air Lmao wtffff I thought we were done with him... Noooooooo  It lives forever OH face KD OH FACES Lmao I would pay PB to retire that sprite tbh Ooo cake U know U should make ice cream cake Since its hot as heck here  Lol U can have my Swedish fish I would fight for snickers or Reese bars I havent had smarties in so long Starburst are a classic I remember in middle school People sold starburst for a dollar Best thing ever Lol Lol People in college had fake ids So alcohol galore 21 Some are good Some arent Depends on what u like Some beer is good Tequila Vodka Run Rum Gin is torture Never like gin Unless u want heartburn Nooooo Tequila Thats where its at Wild times Champagne is my jam Yea A&W Root beer And others Good stuff No Its combined with KFC Lmao I like KFC  Noooo I cant do vegan I need actual animal protein Sorry animals lol Dairy Queen Is unsanitary Dont eat at DQ Unless its ice cream Yea its gross My friend used to work there Not clean Depends on the store But Im like no Pizza Hut Dominos Little caesars Papa Johns Oh gross I like dominos  I havent ate at chipotle in years Due to their lettuce being bad Its just a step above Taco Bell I dont miss it Its great for college Ehhh debatable Lol Taco Bell has more variety But I like Chipotles overstuffed burritos The burritos in San Francisco and San Diego are god tier Nice Theres something called carne asada fries One of the best things ever One thing I miss about Southern California Let me send u a pic Yup Amazing i order chinese takeout ordered* so good Very nice Hmm which story to replay TE or PM Not ready to go back to work How was your 5k? theres one song from TRM that is so peaceful pig latin is confusing yea you see lol grammar and syntax i feel like im back in spanish class again greek alphabet ... doesnt it start with alpha then beta then gamma? then it's like delta omega is last hahaha i used to know it yea no i give up lol pB rarely gives us what we want tbh so true another example is the ranch in TRH 1 LMAO no more ranch stuff i don't want to be trapped nor sunkissed im mad about that charlie was the reason i loved the book and PB did that to her no shame shame i was teased for 17 weeks and PB did me dirty VoS had a terrible ending same with NB like you dont end those stories like that lol idk kinda bad with diamonds like || kate was a last min add on?|| it felt rushed to me NB's ending i was like wtf i wanted more Vera time.... great ending was TRR 3  we dont talk about the sequel.... until it;s done not gonna lie still pissed about TRM's ending in TRM || def wanted to be queen and marry my LI to have them king. hence King Kayden. didnt want to marry Fabian|| so that option i was like....... i did the same but with ||kayden|| they did I chose male Kayden for my playthrough female hunter lol the male Kayden sprites made realize I am out of shape and that I need to go to the gym.... she's gorgeous LOL guys i made an edit let me know if you like it lol I combined male cassian with king liam, making king cassian lol oof the head may look too big they do too good looking to waste cassian is why did they choose to marry mc okay i made some more minor edits hoepfully its better lol Hopefully the sub likes my merge hehe Thanks good luck to everyone applying for mod! YAYYYYY :partay: congrats @Bee Aggressive and @unforgivablespelling LMAO oooo i like the green live your life dont kick me plz  jk mom pick me up....i am scared i misspelled plumber in 5th grade at least it was not plumber LOL 5th grade me was like wheres my chocolate pent a lope now i cant get that out of my head whyyyy teehee lol this is why i am not in med school lol ouch weird the i and e stuff in english blows i have my ds all i have are pokemon games maybe i should have done one...... jk you must show lol nooooooooooooooooooooooooo ? bartie woke up? runnnnnnnn Are you a troll? Yes Ahahahah :huh: Omg Share plz Now Im hungry Now I want second dinner My sweet tooth is calling Every teacher mispells my last name  I feel your pain Bout to sleep soon And work in the morning  lol i need a vacation nice Whatever happen to confetti And color cupcakes Or simple balloon pops Yea Im sure its scary in your area My area had a big fire (SCU) for weeks Thankfully its almost fully contained But that smoke sucked Yea The next biggest fire is like 3 hours away in the mountains Fresno I mean we have parents who want to sent their kids to school Because they think the teachers are babysitters Without a vaccine Or social distancing in place The fact that people think covid is a hoax I want them to visit a hospital where one of my friends work Not pre-med aka too old lol Lmao Now Im too old I feel like grandpa in here ? Dont remind me  Late 20s here God I feel old 28 Lol 21 is the best age @unforgivablespelling Monday I can feel a grey hair coming  Lol Jk @Hayley after 25 I was like why Im exaggerating Lol 25 was a weird year Lmao 25 Was stressful due to work and not taking care of myself Im fine now Im hefty ahaha So I need to get into shape Partly why I miss being younger cuz I was in shape back then Yea It depends on you Circumstances change after early 20s GM Gn @downer lmao noooo 25 part of it was rough But 26-now is good @Rayvenrock youre not a failure You just have a different path to success We gotta rename this channel to the wholesome channel They could @Hayley I need workout tips to lose my gut Covid put a wrench in my fitness plans Oooo Ahh got it I have an elliptical and a kettlebell Nice! I got a question for everyone would you judge somebody who did all the diamond scenes in witness? lol I did all lmao i dont mod..... lol BaBu 2 must be great I iz newb, i do not know how to mod lol yes all 80 diamonds for adult fun time lol ^whatttt that sucks 80 diamonds per chap i feel like lol most expensive book in the app so far like for 16 diamonds we got to || bone veronica and carter in QB|| yea especially for my boy Carter and veronica lol eh i dont know how to mod i buy diamonds lol and diamond mie yea lol i buy diamonds once in a while i have iphone too i dont think i can mod i went from dell to macbook  my dell died on me within 5 minutes even tho it said fully charged with 3 hours of life saturday classes are tortue i had one in grad school thx god it was online the sky isnt as bad as yesterday but oddly enough, it's not hot i can wear long sleeve I am wearing a long sleeve i have my lakers shir ton on* its game day my mom kicked me off the big tv to watch tennis i bs'd my fantasy football team lol i do too but i realize its slower than when it plays on the actual tv Alright yall Scariest ost in choices Your opinion? Dont go near from braid wood scares the crap out of me Fight or flight was kind of scary But more thrilling Lol I like that one ILTW was scarier than ILB imo Fo sho I liked ILB more The LIs were top notch Imogen with the hairstyle switch When your boss schedules you to do presentations to clients with no notice in advance on your birthday  not fun Birthday is on Monday but thank you! Thats fun Thank you! Yea They are diving into romance more and more Their bread and butter were stories like itlw I feel like using a bidet would tickle and I would nonstop laugh Charmin Softest paper ever I feel like it would Lmao Then whats the point Of using water to clean ur butt Now Im curious We dont have bidets in the US At least I dont lol I dont think u use bidet for a number one But u do dry with toilet paper :OOF: Lmao Poopy thoughts That detox tea Yea Tea But dont u I mean its a legit question Not my birthday yet ahah Oh thats right! Yay me My boss is making me do two presentations to clients Not prepared Way to give me a heads up boss All my cousins are grown up lol Now our parents are asking us to give them grandkids They are like u have girlfriend yet? U have kid soon? Its like that in jamaica too Always asking about kids Im like leave me alone Awwww Im so oblivious as to when people have feelings for me No wonder I hadnt been in a relationship in a while lmao Ahahahaha Had a gf But I was the rebound guy No bueno Im down for NHIE @unforgivablespelling Ahaha Bots too lol Cool Yes Bots Good bot I thought we were typing it out NHIE is never have I ever Like the game from TRR Wait Whose in Ohh The no mic chat Ahahaha Cant do voice now Ahah No mic chat? Btw I will ask in #no-mic-chat Anyone down to play Never. have I ever Just like what they play in TRR I hope Yukki is okay yukki was missing pri a lot Eating leftover bday cake Omg Today is the first day theres clean air outside The sky is blue And not orange anymore No clouds in sight Im gonna run outside and breathe in fresh air For today its safe in my area Blue skies I will never take u for granted Yea Theres so much smoke on the west coast That its gonna travel to places like New York and so forth Its blowing eastward 2020 is terrible The Australian fires Covid My sports idol dead Businesses and lives lost Lol At least the clippers lost  Now I want a burger A burger from in n out sounds good now Pizza  When you have good air quality and blue skies for a second day in a row  sadly these fires weren't started by arson but by nature with its lightning storm it's  years and years of climate change that added up to it plus these fires are in remote areas making it hard for firefighters to contain it in terms of acre burned yes 2018 was the worst in the amount of structures destroyed a whole city was burned down  yep one of my friends from college had her old house burn down  Instagram killed vine with the longer videos :/ Snapchat too TRH 3  ahhh MOTY 2 :ohgodohduck: Lmao When drake got yeeted :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: Yall cant see our votes right? :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: Lmao Awwww omg i finally got 8+ hours of sleep this feels different lack of sleep is due to wacky sleep schedule work is a burden when it comes to sleep lucky to have a job lol Now i want a nap lmao 10 hours of sleep is amazing Ahahaha My Lakers won at the buzzer!!!! Hell yea!!! its okay Ray the other members will party somewhere else with a potluck Im supporting my friend who is a yoga teacher and bought one of her recorded sessions Im doing the session and holy crap my hips and back are super tight Dont get old, everyone Catch me at the senior center for bingo night Make me feel young again NGL im not a fan of chest hair personally lol But only few Lis have it Like mal, cal and Levi Im surprised drake doesnt have chest hair He seems like it ..... lol hehehe 2020 is Bartie's year to shine lmao LMAO it makes sense huh? oof ooof my eyes they hurt wait fireloof? name change? oh facts went from iphone 5 to iphone x im short like oompa loompa short lol its not bad holding the 11 i mean if you have the otter box as your case that thing is a brick i'm 5'7 you want to donate some height there pal? sue for height discrimination LMAO so i guess the nba players are like 4 people combined? makes sense but what happens when they jump wouldnt all three collapse lol good luck! lol  Anyone know what I can use to get rid of ants? Spraying kills them But more show up Ugh pest control in my house Windex has been my best friend with the ants we had pest control already spray the house  #why #okkkkkk #helpmewithantspleaseihatebugs basically they multiply ten fold everytime i spray them in the kitchen near my toaster today i saw 50 then come back saw like 200 then more so i got raid traps have been spraying those buggers with white vinegar lol guess i need a better spray :MunchlaxMunch: Me Where is it lives 3? Where is MW2? Where is Hero 2? Why did Witness get so many chapters :huh: :huh: Whats THG Oh that story I watched the movies ? Idk Idk I havent heard of THG since the last movie Lmao Fo real? Like u streaming the movie? I have watched Jason that hockey mask killer movies U know what scared me back in the day? You all ever heard of the computer game jumpstart? Apparently now lmao If you were to create a book with your favorite Lis involved what kind of book would it be? What would be the plot and who would be the villians So oceans 8? But better Benji is the final boss? Lmao Forced Lis Ah I wish she was a LI Mara is Olivia IRL? :0 Maybe Fun eh? But does Mara like hugs and friends just as much as Olivia does? But Amalas dossier said so Friendsssss  Are u feeling better than yesterday? I heard you had some stomach issues? Sorry to hear  Yea Hopefully u feel better soon My ex loved chocolate also chips to help I guess that combo worked So I bought her both lol I had a chocolate chip cookie But chocolate pretzels Thats where its at :0 They are gluten free chocolate chip cookies From the brand Tates bakery Whatttt Chocolate pretzels are life changing Pretzels are awesome when you have the chance QB better end On a massive harem Otherwise Im gonna be pissed But TRH... Lol Ah OH it is then I take any cookie Except oatmeal raisin Btw I know nobody on here is green yet, but Im def interested on how the green pastel would look Sorry milque, oatmeal raisin isnt my jam  Like a week ago? Oh Oh Thanks Mara The green looks nice But Metta iz long way from there I like raisins in bread pudding Bread pudding is my jam Also beignets Dude U need to go to Disneyland, downtown Disney And to New Orleans square And order beignets Once its safe to travel again Life changing The powdered sugar is worth it Heyyyy   Yall ever had an ice cream sandwich With chocolate chip cookies as your base This Ice cream between top cookies Two Usually the bread in the sandwich is chocolate bread ? Its not Its delicious But Dipping dots That was awesome In college I found a dippin Dots place I was so happy that day The cookies and cream dippin dots Best ones Ahhh good show reference But Pizookies One of the best desserts ever ? Have you been to BJs brewery? Thats a pizookie Ahh Ouch Noooooo Did u get an A? Just say yes lmao Oh Nice Nice Ah I havent had a burrito before pre covid  I havent had a lot of things Ah Lmaoooo Lol Outdoor dining? Oh Yea my boss wanted to do an in person lunch Same with my coworker Im like yall realize covid is out there right? Oh no I changed it to virtual happy hour Like my boss has been traveling up and down the state Coworker goes camping Omg When I was doing recruiting for accounting I drank one beer at the social events Apparently it was frowned upon But free beer Yea Lmao Voltra is getting her xp up Lmao Teehee I dont know think Im hitting 20k anytime soon. I would love to hit 50k Imma stream witness Get that XP up Lol Replay all of TRR And TFS Yes Lol  Theres two channelsss Lmao  VIP has some great books I feel like WEH would make me sad AF Yea  But it seems such a good story ? Lmao Ahh Ray, you will be fine Top 3 for sure  U cant say that Your pretty social Voltra is taking my spot in the ranks Its fun to watch Wait yay?  Oh well  :dead: Nice Cooking feels therapeutic sometimes It can be fun Putting ingredients together and seeing a final product And the best part the food tastes good I can cook scrambled eggs Lol And air fry chicken I can cook the basics Like pasta Its practice after a while School? What happened? Yikes Good morning everyone :CharmanderHi: One more workday and its the weekend Yay Yay Im just lucky to be working from home Definitely taking advantage of it No commute Its been great! Blue skies and fresh air Its gonna be hot again this weekend with some smoke But its way better than what happened weeks ago Thank you! Its been 80s here Until this weekend When its gonna reach like 106 With low humidity Autumn weather Ironically its hotter here in late sept and early oct than it is in July and August And then late October Its long sleeve season No Our climate isnt ideal for snow Unless you are above 3,000 feet Our climate is considered a Mediterranean climate Cool winters But not cool enough for snow Tropical climate? Yep Rain, heat and humidity Triple combo I can deal with dry heat But u add in humidity I suffer Oh no I would love a winter with snow But I feel I would be annoyed after a while Because people cant drive well in my area When it drizzles, people just lose common sense in driving I would love to visit snow And lie on the ground to make a snow angel And thats it Lol Like 60s Good weather Yikes Glad u made it safe You know thats what I heard about Delhi Is it cool during May and June? O Oh Gotcha But December Its cool right? All I know is 0C is 32 F Im just glad the sky isnt orange Everyone on Reddit was like omg its bladerunner in real life Yea I saw a comparison of the skies Awww Thanks You know youre getting old when you need to use a foam roller to help relieve back stiffness lmao im ordering a sandwich for delivery lol im currently eating yogurt gn oh yo this is dope ^_^ thanks Pri heheeh but mine has a crown  :partay: lol nice change :partay: Nice thank youuuuu fancy lol well spooky season is around the corner there is a strawberry? oh when costco has chicken bakes in stock Metta is happy :partay: :partay: :partay: :BooParty: :BooParty: Its my breakfast time in my area Mainly KitKat bars Lots of chocolate Herseys Snickers Milky Way Lol Snickers - best candy bar imo Pringles All time favorites They dont rip you off with the lack of chips in each can Doritos cool ranch or nacho cheese?  Nice! Same Those r good I open a can of lays Its like 2/3 full Like wtfff Its liberating Especially if u live on your own Ooooo I think so! I bought this spray That killed them instantly So hopefully they dont come back It was hahaha It was so annoying I kill a bunch Then bam like 50 more show up So I was like let me find this spray that kills and prevents them from coming So far so good, glad to know I have that instead of cleaning spray for the little buggers Fingers crossed But luckily I have more spray Ugh Im sorry I hate wasps, bees, horrnets And all those stingers They are U may want to use a wasp trap Oh hell nooooo U can do it Hayley It will take two seconds Then youre free Good luck! Im not sure if anyone has the Nintendo switch  here But they released an old school game that was my fave So stoked Poor cup of lemonade Indirectly created a wasp trap Im so happy right now Was a virtual fan tonight and witnessed my team win Also I was on life tv!  Lakers - nuggets I cant believe its been 10 years since the lakers made the finals last time @Bee Aggressive youre a heat fan? Nice! I love watching your team play! Butler Herro Bam Duncan Nunn I picked the heat as my dark horse coming out of the East Good luck to the heat tomorrow They play well They will be tough to play against because of the shooting And their zone defense Fingers crossed! Haha no offense But i hope your team wins tomorrow! They deserve it She must be protected at all costs No idea Popcorn is good for the soul I dont know about u all, but afternoon naps r amazing how does that work? that's like impossible for me i can sleep at most 12 hours i would love to sleep for 16 hours One hour at a time i had a costco chicken bake i love omelettes i dont mind spinach how much spinach was in it 0_o no,  that's for messaging in that channel so my bad the polls close on 10/3 do you eat chards? those are awesome Lmao One of my friends who is a yoga teacher Is obsessed with tofu and kale smoothies She tells me that while I eat chicken nuggets eh we are pretty close friends who give each other crap all the time lol i cant eat celery one of the few things i refuse to eat celery by itself is bleh but celery mixed with something else good Did U ever come around to eating that sandwich? Lmao Sept was my bday month. Was a okay bday month given the circumstances 0_o how? lol that's rough  baby bump 2 everyone's favorite supernatural i miss hero   Thank you! :animeglasses: Lmao thanks voltra ahaha Lmao Can I be a judge Firework can take my spot Lol Lol perhaps :0 Down haha :animeglasses: :animeglasses: Imogen my underrated queen :uwuhappy: She did Interesting... Perfection Stan Sloane Im surprised Justin got 18% The way everyone dislikes him one person said they didnt like Queen B becuase they said it was too toxic whomever they said Bertrand should be a LI, they are my best friend Im happy Charlie is the most popular Li for DS Its missing Charlie hours  Me too! I love Jen Red velvet cake An ice cream cake sounds bomb right now was it yesterday? wow time flies where's the cake? that was saturday lol in my timezone :BooParty: Player 1 Apparently theres drama between the tumblr fandom and ig fandom regarding editing characters on real life bodies :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: yea im not a fan of it either just looks odd  :niapanic: :niapanic: Theres a dead server? Lol :Dopeysurprised: Lmao Ahahaha Ahhh Ahh :bartiemad: Lol Ahh Lol Yay Double threat :Duffyevil: i feel like all the servers im in are choices servers in discord lmao LOL Mon Dieu hmmmm ^same now i'm curious what do people associate with me LMAO    :partay: :ohgodohduck: what's mm? oh release date is 10/23 according to the app i mean...i can screenshot it... Lmao Whats with the bartender story First TRR Now this Is Ms match gonna be queen of England Lol Justin 2.0 will be the bar owner Yes Justins younger brother Lmao :niapanic: Hi Zak how is it going? pretty good :CharmanderHi: few more hours until the big deadline at work is over i need a vacation honestly i want sleep and my sanity back and tacos lots of tacos i haven't had taco bell in so long but i want authentic tacos tbh lol how was that? i heard of cauliflower steak and pizza and im like ehhhh That means my deadline is over!!! I can finally sleep good tonight i have a feeling baby bump is being delayed unless it's a nov release i mean there are people who like baby bump lol Playing Mario Party will ruin friendships forever Especially when u steal a star :bartiemad: congrats O_o what are you playing? oh Thx god Im on vacation Time to play I forgot it came out today I have been playing donkey Kong. Country 2 on the switch Oh that is new I see a switch popping up in the pic How many legendaries did u get in the dynamax raid in Pokmon Sword/Shield U got Ho-Oh?! I only got suicune and sogaleo I think u have the cooler ones I only have a solgaleo, tornadus and suicune Unless u finished the regi quest :dead: For anyone playing Pokmon sword/shield, did you all choose regidrago or regieleki? Got it It seems better than regidrago stats wise i would join yall but i have work  :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: lol i need to download it i will sit this one out haha code? k gn k what server europe? noooo i didnt get in alrighty. what to play next hmmmmm still have not done: MW, TC & TF, BSC 2, ATV, WT, STD, RCD, DnD, LH, HFTH, RoE, SK, THOBM any recs are helpful  hmmmm thanks everyone Time to play this! yea chapter 1 was intense forgot how it feels to wear glasses again HBD!?!?!?!?!? Todays my dads birthday 0_o lol Im down Never played Code? :Dopeysad: Did they remove your post voltra? Its time for teletubbies :immashootyou: Lmao I swore I seen that like 10 times tumblr confessions hurt  Cady (QB) in honor of mean girls lmao i think the only time i used real my name for the MC was AME youtube is down  :niapanic: i heard a second book might come out  jk :ohgodohduck: I need to buy myself a foot massage machine Those things are heavenly my name has been used before  lol IL Series dont want to give out my actual name lolz LOL nah amelia wins they used Amelia for a baby name mhm king kang lol TRR and bachelorette party crossover? is this episodes? i wonder what a certain someone looks like LMAO is that witness music i hear? Now I want KFC Thx yall Popeyes chicken sandwich Thats addicting Also the fast food gods tempt me with in n out, chick fil a in the same area all 10 mins near my house In n out is an all time classic Theres two within 10 mins And my college had an in n out across the street I stan a double double and fries The best Dad in the app interesting i barely use the chat in reddit lma Thanks I will work on babu chap 4 once Im done with 3 lol I just realized I need to start working on my holiday edit ^_^ I noticed the new font, me no likey Its like the new font is straight up yelling at u lmao PROFESSOR?!? PROFESSOR PhD in attunements Lol good question Awww heart gold/ soul silver? Lol Yea with feraligatr u can sweep the elite 4 Plus with ice fang makes Lance battle ez JEN NOOOOOOOOOO JEN WHYYYYYY also why isnt the mom mad at the husband lol Yay note to self, take the work day off the day before a holiday if you are able to lol https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/hxpb69/a_guide_to_rchoices/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3 poor witness, got snubbed poor cassian reminds me of the meme i made lol nvm not a meme, more of a joke lol i keep thinking today is friday :ohgodohduck: Jingle bels sounds good I see what u did :smart: Lmao, yea so many arguments about GoC books Yet still the most talked about topic :bartiemad: Ha Ha :threep: My emulator on MacBook isnt working  Rip heart gold rom not bluestacks but desmume i was gonna play pokemon for nostalgia lol but I did update to big sure sur* so i am assuming that's why I can't play on it  well i fixed it  with good news and bad news  good news: it's working bad news: i lost my game data  BUT i wasn't far in the game only like after 1st gym lol But Now I need to choose between Cyndaquil and Totodile oof i did totodile the first time i may need to flip a coin lol lol it's okay, i have a physical copy on the DS, but don't feel like replaying on there because that would take hours im flipping a coin i like cyndaquil and totodile The coin said Totodile what should i nickname my totodile hmmmm too long but nice nickanme oof wtf brendan blue the og rival remains the best i did like silver an interrogation? room uhhhh for what exactly what the shit i wonder what happens in the interrogation room that light brighter than my future mhm so random question but I am gonna ask if you had the chance to swap one LI from one book to another, who would it be and why LOL fair enough well i would put cassian in like PM or Ride or Die LOL true honestly i would put cassian in ride or die hoping it would be another sonia situation lol lol arzaylea you're too brave, don't do it :marafrogemoji: yikes oooo good one drake would do well in BSC tbh witness mc vs redfield can you imagine, the TRR crew at Open Heart? nurse: the patient is dying
TRR MC: time to throw a patient ball! i got my money on witness mc lol LOL TE crew at Hartfield Ethan: what is this? lmao Nadia: steve?!? why are you an auvernese bodyguard bertrand and zaid Sienna and Hana Olivia and Jackie Olivia: let me use my knives to cut the patient open
Bryce: I- what i would love a crossover bolas crew with PM crew the amount of flirting from the MCs lol th:m had a crossover with RoD when at the end? oh i never picked fabian lmao but i remember alana with sonia Sonia *Chefs kiss* th:M is so underrated the plot the soundtrack the characters i would love a sequel but it wouldnt be as sustainable alas, I would replay it :OOF: who likes ansel? lol my gurl Eris got sent to jail cuz of ansel the heist scores were a pain im like which one to pick my mc romanced eris, tillie and sonia both but landry landry can cause someone to die landry was like the person who got everything in life but one thing and went on a crusade im surprised he didnt lose his license you should take over writing the story, i would have paid 40 diamonds for that the only times i recall you can punch someone was brian from hss and ansel from THM i def took the sword from bertrand and my mc kicked ass trr 3 came out in like 2018 i think oh shoot not again LOL didnt you hear? TRR MC's problems could be solved by kissing ass https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlgpaNBPuXk maybe ES Witness x Sunkissed = OP story you don;t eat waffles and forgot marinara sauce but buy a sweater with the shoulders exposed like bloodbound mc i love the mc but like her outfits for a fight shouldnt you protect yourself on all areas no, it's an example lol LOL she wore a crop top for one of them i do i have a peacoat and shit that makes u warm af it's nice for SF weather in the winter same i could use a carne asada burrito from la taqueria i used to work in SF and the happy hours around there omg whatttt la taqueria and el farolito both in the mission district of SF https://www.yelp.com/biz/la-taqueria-san-francisco-2 https://www.yelp.com/biz/el-farolito-san-francisco-2 i had both and omg so good but San Diego has bomb carne asada fries for those who have gone to SF have yall had super duper burgers? lmao lol impossible burger counts for this people would visit fisherman's wharf for that clam chowda WHOA i cant do plant based burges knowing there's no beef i will try it one day i feel like im being played eating an impossible burger lol in n out fries animal style who has had It's it ice cream has anyone been to diddy reisse? https://www.yelp.com/biz/diddy-riese-cookies-los-angeles-2 when i was in socal i would make the hour drive from irvine to la for this heavenly dessert LOL oof ayeee https://tenor.com/view/emmy-amy-poehler-peace-out-peace-sign-peace-gif-13956226 and you didn't trigger uber bot with that nice lol i remember that like there were 6-7 of us i was like whatttttt i feel the writers went on hiatus so much is because they themselves don't know what they are doing with the book it's like mc is in love with two guys speaking of ES, here is what someone posted on the sub LOL quinn tho :dogeheart: did someone say Quinn? yea must be published 5-7 times 5 years of experience lol Hero MC i think i feel like the power rankings are this:
1. Hero MC
2. ES MC
3. TE MC
4. BB MC
50. Witness MC lol Bolas MC is 5 i think lol unless MC is an elf lol MC would prob be higher TRR MC with diamonds in book 3 lmao PB got some explaning to do ughhhh no  i will do it subpar art quality but i will do it for hero https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsDHACUrF4s&list=PLnS7IZ3wCQo45Ijvfk4_SyOu2ugUNocMI&index=5 When i hear this ost i knew shit was going down and the enemy was screwed the drums made it epic lol I fully endorse this On the west coast Its still 11/30 *mariah Carey has entered the chat* Lol not 8am PST? U say that now But once u start working You will understand on your off days Life of a nurse? Lol Budget the money towards non romance books Revive bolas and it lives and mw I cant code to save my life sounds like an outpatient thing for some reason, I have selena gomez's songs stuck in my head like her older song songs* love you like a love song is catchy af and that's been stuck on repeat repeat repeat peat peat lol i used to watch even steven and lizzie mcguire on disney channel all these throwback songs hitting different these days nice does anyone remember all that and kenan and kel on nickolodeon? also doug, rugrats, wild thornberries, rocket power, fairy oddparents all that was great i had three channels i would switch between growing up nick, cartoon network, and disney 90s = best era growing up lol nice i missed toonami those were the days ooo another random question which two books or series would produce the best crossover? mark and drake would be drowning in beer and whiskey LH MC and TRR MC be like Im liked at cerulean gym I took a few days off lmao Cluck cluck cluck also how is it wednesday already? im not complaining but it feels monday I am hungry Pizza to the rescue lol lol YES who knew lol would make me ultra fan yay they look hella good do it Thank you! Loving the comments so far I just want someone to justify their dislike Like let me see the reason and argue against it lol yay seriously? did they? i still see it Yay it got more upvotes Lol Are u gonna dethrone poppy? Can someone provide link plz?  endless MC hehehe i can marry Quinn now hehehe def choosing endless ending cool cool lol ok kids yall put some respect on the oldie not my fault i was born in the 90s unlike some of yall lol early 90s? lol at least i can open a PDF! unlike the actual boomers lol i am too I feel like my N64 is older than like 95% of the people of this server ayeee starfox 64 for me one of the few good things about being an adult and working, i can spend money i would suggest becoming a viral youtuber, because youtubers make bank we could give the people what they want MW2 Hero 2 IT Lives 3 PM 3 and TE 3 This changed Oh look its zac efron Sounds like it is drew Lol facebook moms TRR is pretty solid ngl Do it Make a twitch account anyone have a macbook pro on here? if so, how long is your battery life? Ahh got it. They said the battery lasts like 10 hours but I have yet to have it go that far. It gets low after 4 hours but I think Im using it for work and the apps are draining it quickly I think the charge is decent. It does it say it would take up to 3 hours to fully charge from 1% to 100 though Battery health says its normal, I feel like it may be the apps I use for work. Cuz I have Microsoft office for Mac plus an app to remote into a Remote Desktop Lakers  it depends on what region the person is people up north are giants fans and warriors fans also niners fans people in LA are usually dodger fans and lakers fans i mean i mainly care about basketball and football but sports are fun technically lakers-warriors isnt a rivalry  more like clippers-warriors back then i remember when south korea beat germany in the world cup all my friends who are from mexcio mexico loved south korea for the longest time 2018 mhm my friend who is mexican, she is dating a korean and literally posted, they make the best combo brazil got a major butt kicking i was like yikes we had male cheerleaders for powderpuff in HS powderpuff was girl's football flag idk why they called it powderpuff the games were intense af idk all i know is my hs football had to play a top team every year and get blown out i went to the homecoming games plus homecoming dances my principal was a midget but was obsessed with football literally held a rally for the football team for the championship championship game they got destroyed oh no im sure he's bald and is already past his peak by now oof tbh, i liked college better high school was ok because i had a good group of friends. the rest were try hards college, i miss my school, people were chill down there freshman year was a special vibe my high school experience was decent, i got along with a lot of people. I just liked college better oof i remember one of the smartest people in my grade who got like a 2390 on her SAT, went to this awesome school and started doing ectasy there used to be a college confessions board yea we had crazy classmates, once they got to college, it was like free reign raves, party, booze || sex, losing virginity, couldn't handle freedom from home || but now they are doing okay but it was trippy to see that happen arent u in undergrad? lol i would own an ice cream shop eat all the cookies and cream pfft you can just ask nicely just say you're from spoilerland boom double scoop cookies n cream with sprinkles on the house there's an ice cream shop near my house lmao :marafrogemoji: what's a liam? oh dear lord, please no one was enough tiny man: "goo"! this sounds like a set up to a horror book question for my people who are 21+ anyone got any tequila or wine recommendations lol? This is my xmas shopping basically for me i love champagne-ish but it's for family and friends, so im guessing a good red, nothing bitter i was gonna buy the snoop dogg wine - 19 crimes for tequila - i was not gonna break the bank with patron, but with something like el jimador lol i am more of a beer person, champagne person tequila depending on the brand wine, though thats a different palette. I know a good red is a solid choice, but seeing if there are any other options to consider lol white wine is more of a dessert since it's hella sweet lol alcohol is an acquired taste just don't drink gin yea but holy crap they really did the math there though about a turtle delivering it faster thank you! :marafrogemoji: when you have to wait a month for your work laptop to come in :niapanic:  thanks Dell more like a replacement I am happy I dont have to use my personal laptop but the wait is pretty long i think once I remove the work app on my mac the battery life will skyrocket plus I am hooked up to two additional monitors luckily my mac has not overheated *knock on wood* i love my mac, it's great. Im hoping it lasts hella years haha graduated from orange to yellow i like the touchbar tbh, lots of people dont like it for some odd reason not yet at least haha yea its nice plus i can call people without using my phone only regret was not switching to mac sooner lol did yall lose or something? lol im a ronaldo fan so i guess juventus but i loosely follow real madrid Poor ILTW MC First redfield Now this ad welcome to the vip side i was gonna suggest TUH tfti i want fast food as long as we get in n out i dont think my honda clairty can go that fast btw lol did you buy hybrid or all electric I love my clarity bought mine earlier this year nice felt so nice not getting gas plug in? mine's the 2019 black yea its looks nice drives nice too lol my old honda the alternator died  and it cost like 5k to fix a 14 year old car  Ahhh school I dont miss finals i am accountant, do people want to talk to me? lol touche yea some of them are tech workers so glad the work day is almost done has been one of the most mondayest mondays ever in a while lol I usually have chill convos with peeps my age The ones who are close to retirement Whew welp there goes work for today Nintendo switch is amazing The virtual console is legit wait what no way oh wait, they released it a while back lol HAHAHAAH Or realllllyyyyyyyyyy tan gimme back my $15 a month  PB Mood - waiting for my package from FedEx Oooo its 17+ And comes with a tag love-triangle Lol Ngl Im kinda intrigued I mean MW had the tag romance lol Like how They def could have included a female werewolf We have seen them in NB Lol oh the times i had a SO Possibly lol has anyone played breath of the wild on the switch? seriously debating playing that or that bundle for the classic 3d mario games i heard it's one of the best Zelda games i only played twilight princess and that game was LONG hmmm decisions decisions lol well i do have those classic games on their consoles ayyyyeee switch gang it's worth it make sure you buy a micro sd card if you download games I own super smash bros but I downloaded games like nba2k, dbz xenoverse and pokemone sword and shield also downloaded mario kart lol lol look at you voltra convincing ppl to join the switch gang So worth it I remember I called out the subreddit asking why people think Charlie is the worst. Nice to see people stan her I miss starboard  My MFTL comment was too late to be immortalized  I bet my Spotify would say ur stuck in 90s/early 2000s Merry Christmas  LMAO  Lol Hella fast i would laugh if the person i am married to took this quiz and got the same result Merry Christmas! (Officially Xmas now ) Bye bye carrot cake Hi! Hi :wut: OG green ranger tho Dragonzord! The gold ranger song? Lol I will miss my crowns in my nickname Hmmmm Knight Lmao Lol aww My crowns  :marafrogemoji: :animeglasses: Pri is awesome No more knights or healers? Ahhhh bolas 2 wont come till. 2022 I WANT MY RIDE OR DIE 2 AND IT LIVES 3 MW 2 = crimes of passion Lol But Thats odd MW was great without romance Watch TRH 4 will come out before BOLAS 2 *FB moms have entered the chat* TRH 4 coming out in spring 2021 I feel like its the their most popular series We need PB to stop releasing smut And start releasing classics that made PB PB FB moms: how dare you! Lmaooo Im sure they browse Reddit And have seen my memes My Bartie memes caused him to change imo heheh Technically it was a meme found on tumblr And it was fitting to combat the PB mom takeover of a certain character I feel I made some enemies with my memes ahaha I occasionally get the one essay response about a question And Im like its a subreddit,  not the writing exam for your SATs Lmao That was fun But odd I told u he messaged me right? Gave me like a 5 paragraph essay on why bertrand is so mistreated Im like.... U could have condensed that to a paragraph Enjoy Lmao They just take it next level I understand someone not liking savannah But I think she had potential :bartiemad: :bartiemad: lol Barthelemy the never aging Lmao Yay Lmao I mean Its a win win Lmao Ayy I could use a California burrito tho Wait are u in SoCal or norcal? Lol Theres some in NorCal No No No Lol :cooldown: Gasp Teehee A to pause game :zoeywink: I havent seen it used for months Yes Lmao It was spammed so hard in the OG server Yea I remember the die hard Ethan fanatics The rules Also super off topic But curious to see what yall will say Best book moments from choices this year Like top 5 moments For books that were released this year Im totally guessing Given. How fast they released trh 3 I wouldnt be surprised if trh 4 comes out in. The same speed If its fan service to us Im down We need an action packed finale No more tours plz Ever since they allowed hate buckets for Zoey The sub is irritating to watch Yea When the chat function on reddit was gonna Gone* They flocked to discord I hate the megathreads tbh, like theres no harm in posting outside of it My reddit name is different hehe That happened to me too Lmao I mean u have ur crazies on reddit Every time I post a meme I get like one-two serious ppl Complain Yo u a mod on r/nba? I frequent that place so many times Props to u being a mod of a 3million plus subreddit I always see users racing to post the post game thread first lol Kind of entertaining Noted ahah I think one of my favorite threads was when the nuggets made their 3-1 comeback against the clippers this year That thread was wild Yea sadly my post dont get much traction on the nba sub ahha Lol I post more often on the lakers sub than nba sub People are hella fast with the hot takes that get popular That dude Ugh tricked everyone thinking kawhi was going to the lakers RDA we dont trust RDAmbition said he was an inside source with the lakers Leaking info of which player was going where Got super famous talking about how Kawhi Leonard was going to the lakers and people ran with it Lol well people believe what they want to hear these days Dude was looking for clout Congrats! :CharmanderHi: dude is on my fantasy team i needed his points Hi Tired Will the horse make me rich? :marafrogemoji: TRR MC: Did someone say hats?!? :niapanic: :bartiemad: Nooo LOL Damn Chaos UwU Lol :CharmanderHi: Lmao Theres always #cursed-chat :marafrogemoji: Paige cover ur eyes! :partay: Lol I love breakfast Gimme those scrambled eggs and pancakes Waffles Im 18 diamonds poorer Cassian needs to seek consueling That relationship aint healthy Lol That was my meme lmao Its on tumblr?!! Whatttt They better give me credit I want to find the post Im famous yall Lmao lol im tumblr famous can't find it though, I was looking under #drake walker lol its a screenshot of my reddit userid that's good enough thank you! lol they said "is this where my choices tax goes to"? LMAO they aint wrong lol :/ lol that chat is for choices after dark yall lol yall can talk about it in CAD LOL every time i see Bastien's name I think of Syphax jr i hope it picks up tbh, cuz vip books usually dont disappoint i liked tuh, avsp, and ms match still playing HC huh? one more diamond more than having witness mc eat waffles LOL i just have fun with it hmmmmm :marafrogemoji: LMAO https://tenor.com/view/scooby-gif-7903396 honestly once i hit ultra fan, i was like yay lu is becoming the Queen B, rising up in the ranks you were on that for like 2 weeks lol i would do that was there any other series you have not played yet? LOL how far are you in witness? lol but diamonds tho yes im not talking about that, im just saying if firework wanted to diamond mine, witness would be an option mhm isnt she like 13 :CharmanderHi: Lol do u mean lectured? The royal finale Lol I swear if I get mod by some miracle pie in the sky situation I bet theres gonna be an agreement of no more Bartie memes from me lol Corgi is adorable as always :uwuhappy: Lmao clippers Overrated Do both For reference lmao Its doesnt take into account the color of the ink I dont have any tattoos so cant comment on the experience Lol Take your time with it lol Lmao No sleeve for me Pass ahaha Never thought about getting a tat lol Nah, thought about it when I was younger But someone said I would look like a total douchebag if I got them pierced lmao  Yea she was all you would like a douchebag Im like thanks friend  Lmao Well then again, my friend also told me shes not a fan of guys with pierced ears if I recall Friend No crush lol College man ahaha No theres no crush, just friends lmao lol :kek: The only dude I recall getting their ears pierced was Vinny from Jersey shore NGL Guilty pleasure show I remember that Then he became all keto The situation is sober Sam is glowing Ron is a mess Snooki is snooki I did too I couldnt get into family vacation lol I didnt watch the spin-off But like season 3 of JS was peak drama but sadly the most toxic WHERES THE BEACH?!? lmao CABS R HEREEEEEEEE Omg ITS T SHIRT TIMMEEEEEEEEE I think I have that vid lol https://youtu.be/INj0HJR2t3c Not the vid but still pauly d Those Ed hardy shirts scream 2009 :niapanic: Pauly D: awkward! lmao Les be honest Was that from pauly d https://tenor.com/view/thats-real-its-serious-hands-crossed-problematic-troubled-gif-14101398 Double stars yall I mean each epic moment is historical Just saying the sleep from nyquil makes me so groggy but its like an automatic 11-12 hour sleep  At least its over Hopefully theres a curve that can bump your grade Drew voted for witness :MunchlaxMunch: Jk Shot in the dark But u have considered using magnesium oil Or drink chamomile tea? Both can help you relax and possibly make it easier to sleep? Magnesium is more for stress and to relax. Same thing with the chamoille. So hopefully its something Finally finished training the newbies at work Now I have my own work to do  Not a bonus, I get paid in appreciation and knowing they can navigate through our system lol Lmao I would welcome more green I would love to sit back and relax HAPPY BIRTHDAY @Raven! :BooParty: Yay super fan! Wait? U cant? Hmmm Hm I dont see the tag either... Pastel green My eyes Oof https://tenor.com/view/homer-simpson-homer-disappears-bush-hiding-gif-3377649 Youre back in uni? Nice Only cuz the newbies have their cameras on in every meeting. I would usually rock sweats and pjs because we used to have meetings off camera Good luck on the interview Good luck Lu! They would be foolish to not admit you Nia  rip Maybe a mod likes poppy enough to consider her a LI Im sure roasting PB a few times has caused them to do some changes Not surprising when people tried to do a petition for TRH 4 Lmao Not to be that guy but #belvoires-most-eligible Lol PB is hiring! We got talented people here, someone apply  Lmao Lu got admirers yea that is odd tho tbh i would be careful and not open it people be like getting random packages happened to my freind multiple times 0_o was it send via amazon or reg mail? yikes lol i would disinfect the hell out of that mug or something that's just so random Ughhh people need to drop the redemption arc for poppy. Shes better off without one Lmao at the drake explanation Whoever did that was mean I really felt that the introduction of Savannah was merely used to show drake he wasnt a mean spirited person I wish Pb developed savannah more because she had potential to have her own identity and not just be used as drakes sister It irked that the writers try to force users to like the characters they personally like Like give all the LIs equal time and let the users decide The over compensation for some Lis tell me oh snap we made them look bad, lets add 193398393 backstories to make them look angelic Honestly if communicated like normal adults That scandal wouldnt be a big issue I feel I blame PB, my girl needs some new threads Lmao Shes nice in AVSP Well Olivia was the most requested LI PB messed up there I felt like Olivia should have been a LI and make Drake a rival to MC competing for Liam. I think it would make more sense in the long run. U can tell Drake loves Liam Not sure why but PB could have pulled off 5 Lis I feel esp with a long series like TRR I seriously Pb made the Lis u didnt pick move on Hope* Like if u married Liam, Maxwell is with someone else, Hana and drake same deal Like make determinants But not toxic determinants Like Hana-Madeleine Hana is Queen Lmao The opinions for some of the LIs were brutal lmao Same but Im applying for mod lmao I did go hard on some LIs on the sub I know Im gonna be rejected hard thx to the Bartie edits It warms my heart kayden is the most picked Li in TRM Also Charlie for DS To the person who said Maxwell was like a brother to them Oof Its the MC love spell When MC enters a room they attract certain people I cant see Maxwell as a chaotic sex machine Maybe break dancer :niapanic: :niapanic: The heir is the MvP of TRH 3 and TRH 4 My liam needs to have a better spine Kenna is rolling in her grave Yea I wish I could say Im surprised but Im not surprised Pb treats POC characters terribly Lily is a glaring example Then we all know the zoey incident I liked immy, its sad people dont give her a chance People got more homophobic with wolf bride and having MC have to option to romance Morgan.... For fb moms to say they are progressive, their reactions say the opposite It was really toxic of her to do that Yes Idk why lily was hated. She was awesome Keep romancing her, Andie shes worth it She is obsessed with them. Shes all omg they r the hottest, u are foolish to think otherwise She is such a bully too Like people are allowed to have opinions Dont get butthurt someone doesnt like a story as much as u I shudder at her emojis, too extra I thought she was Filipino? Right Pri? Lmao Dont worry drew u can criticize trh as much as u like here Lmao Humor is accepted Humor is loved Jinx We did Ahaha :smart: There was a post yesterday how people thought Black Logan looked too old so they went with the Hispanic or white Logan Its fine, Im not surprised people will make excuses as to why they avoid picking him Its def white washed Yep people be showing their ignorance and subconscious racist tendencies Like one person called out that someone said black Logan looked too old, and got heated because there is a thing where black male are treated older than they actually look The comment got downvoted Yea Indian Cassian Them: aka Im not racist but- Lemme find it 1st one 4th one Emi beat me to it lol I think its fine, if u pick Asian Hayden Never forget the Asian bloodbound MC looks totally white Exactly Thats Hispanic Jackie If u picked her with the tied up hair I thought she wasnt Maybe mixed race? I know Vera is black Lmao Guess no new mods Aka we didnt like the people that applied Dont worry yall they saw my app and they were like nope nope we need to shut this down ASAP In all fairness I agree as well :garbryce: Im really curious what the behind the scenes for them was I felt like they had users that they wanted to apply but never did So they rage quit or something lol TIFU is also a gold mine https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/kz5loj/tifu_by_learning_that_my_toddler_made_up_their/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf This is a fun one That comment was legendary Lol more than welcome to put in your input though It really is Honestly that account is playing with fire leaking spoilers publicly on ig Yea She even posted that on her ig story Im like she isnt doing herself any favors Recently shes been getting pissed at others sharing her stuff without permission too Also has  she heard not of changing her profile to private Like change it to private, approve of users who ask to see the drive and boom problem solved Plus tumblr is pretty infamous for leaking stuff Ah I see Oh lol Yea Im sure Pb is intentionally delay chap descriptions cuz of it Lmao She be sensitive Lol I know Its like she thinks she wrote  the story :smart: Wack = memorable I got three epic moments in a row? Nice :PBSeeIToldYouSo: Never watched criminal minds How is that a star worthy comment? Lmao :smart: Lol I thought master chef was about Gordon Ramsey But that was Hells Kitchen Oh Lu are you the type to guess who is the villain in a mystery/horror movie?  I havent played the junior Whatcha mean? Are u making peanut butter cookies Lol Im struggling to finish Sunkissed I binged the TRR series Lmao Jonathan had the scariest sprite By far Lmao This is the first message that popped up when I go onto discord lol I miss college  I remember my name Dfffg Fun times Ike is my guy for super smash bros Lmao I literally signed up for discord to stream a lakers game lmao So I punched a bunch of characters to log in And was too lazy until recent to change it .... Lol Then came back on discord for choices and spoilerland U know its healthy to laugh :partay: Why not Hype is good Lol Now its 1077  Teehee I sent 13,790 messages? Woah 13,970* Voltra laugh more plz https://tenor.com/view/the-simpsons-homer-simpson-bush-hide-bye-gif-16150806 Wait what happened earlier Well :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: Lol I mean....chyea I feel like I used :marafrogemoji:  more than :bartiemad:  No, it would be no Lmao No is 427? Lmao Pri did u finish your work? Who is server parent? Lol Someone called me server daddy and I felt uncomfortable Lmaoooo :MunchlaxMunch: Violence is not okay Yall take this to VC or DM lol :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: lol Yay Is he real life Scott lee? MS Match Dad is top tier dad I have the example of pavlov If yall watched the office Ebrima Sounds fancy Yikes I joined like late 2019 Oh hey I have this now However :ohgodohduck: :ohgodohduck: Cursed #cursed-chat is more appropriate for this Move it there plz Wow Seriously PB What the flying fuck FB moms need to invade it lives damn it I want my RoD Now Im gonna replay in memorial Plus hero 2 Hero 2 needed a sequel I feel like PB is def following the numbers The Fb moms dominate the book selections As they mentioned as to why TRR gets so many sequels Lol I mean, thats bad quality check on the stores U should be okay Lmao Nurse Lu got no chill :kek: Good bot Eva got sidelined hardcore in Hero  See Wait both of u are in Cali? One of the towns near me has their residents be defiant of the lockdown orders ESP with outdoor dining Our countrys leadership was terrible with handling this before the new administration came in Plus doesnt help where a good number of citizens think this thing does not exist Meanwhile I see a nurse partying with no mask on... Because they are posting on ig and apparently fun > work and Saving lives What drives me crazy in my job, is the older clients refuse to send electronic copies of their documents to us Like u old people are bold in going out Im talking 70 year olds They are pretty stubborn Work from home But yea u would think all the 65+ population would stay home and avoid people But nope, they think they are invincible One person complained about only spending 5 mins to drop off stuff Wouldnt be surprised Anyways One of the things I do miss in going to the office are the food options near my work lol Lol I still have to play some of the old classic so I will have the app for a while I did Lol I like this one reaction tho Skyrim  From afar they look green lol i see i see I remember one of my professors during summer session at uni Wanted to assign us a midterm the day after a holiday We convinced him to push it back lmao I had a project due on Black Friday one time Masters program It was fine, Aced that project U were to supposed analyze a company on how well their cash flow is Compare to their rivals 20 mins presentation to the class too Lmao Free labor I have been played Professor gave me an A so its Gucci Yep yep Shit go for that PhD Become Dr Lu If I wrote a dissertation on accounting, someone please slap me Because accounting dissertation sounds like torture :HOLUP: .... Whoa who changed my name to Chaotic corgi? :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: I remember Mara and Pri used to do that back in spl 1 Meh I thought Ansh couldnt change nicknames Lol Oh lol LOL power move buy the card for yourself and don't give it :smart: They should do weekly release Because Hc was done in a week Does not make sense to release all at once Entice them with books like TUH and AVSP Some online store made a mug of that image Pri lmao Also its nsfw sooo... Surprised u didnt share the other convo lmao The can you keep a secret one lol I was gonna post a ss of it lol Lmao Mr. Red made an appearance I did all diamond choices just for curiosity More substance and less smut plz No Absolutely not Ok Im done lol Pri should get PC Is it tax season and teletubbies :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: I come into chaos :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: :MunchlaxMunch: Lmao Are u using TurboTax? I did for my personal already lol Lol Lol TurboTax can be confusing to be honest at times I sat there and Im like they really are asking people these kinds of questions lol Lmao Fair enough I just want my money back IRS Oof My boss would like u as a client Hes all like Clients must have tax folders Im like okay... Yea I saved mine on my laptop Easier to access Colleges suck then ahaha The shitty thing is the IRS is not accepting returns until the 12th of this month And Im like sitting like https://tenor.com/view/waiting-for-you-to-text-me-back-waiting-text-me-back-text-me-bored-gif-6153985 My advice Find something u like doing Also dont break your back for the company when they can always replace you. Sucks but its business. Gotta get the bag and take of yourself Lmao Lmao 21 is one of the best years trust me Lu lmao Looks like u scared Drew Bruh Lmao  I dont have anything to share lmao I mean all I can I say is I miss college lmao Lmao Time for homework! this chicken bake is delicious  :DogeLick:  Lmao :MunchlaxMunch: Also lu how come ur name is not in pastel green Lmao Wait wha- I- Im wearing these roles like Pokmon gym badges I mean there are diff regions Like kanto and johto Lol Dont worry Drew, your name will be in pastel green soon :dogekek: Congrats Show off that pastel green Work  :bartiemad: Newbies who should be not having their cameras on during daily meetings I cant eat breakfast during meeting anymore  I mean yes Wait what Hold on Grrrrr :bartiemad: Work call Lol Lmaooo  I hope she is sleeping Pri No go to sleep Lu is gonna scream in VC if u dont sleep Lol 8 hours of sleep for me is key https://tenor.com/view/sus-fry-futurama-gif-4691459 All romance puns And theres zombies Guarantee theres a slow burn LI :smart: Finish the job or spare him? Lmaoooo Extreme stuff PB that means you are cheering for KC lol lol brady has won enough super bowls ugh i dont like either team so i can;t pick a side lmao well i do lol lol i hear yea Lmao is the game still a blowout? I stopped watching after halftime lol Wow Oof Lmao voltra finally has her redemption I would laugh if somehow the chiefs come back But I doubt it Lmao leave Atlanta alone Their sports teams are cursed The falcons The braves The Hawks Like shit that 28-3 is like forever enshrined Lol I hated that season tbh The one year my raiders were good My qb gets injured I was sad man right before Xmas Yea i thought they were gonna make a deep run But no 2016 be like haha raiders suck :marafrogemoji: Lmao 181 Oof I mean the giants were like a unicorn Twice The NFC East is Bradys weakness I mean Im sure the 6 SB wins make up for the 18-1 I mean it helps having the dolphins and jets in the same division Im just glad the chargers never won when they were good Hated the Chargers Lu is queen of the house Everyone bow down Had a better run than the chiefs the entire game lmao So Im watching womens tennis And Serena Williams crushed it today Thats the first time in history too https://twitter.com/sreekyshooter/status/1358603708205043715?s=21 ? oh i meant the first time a team won the super bowl won in their home stadium i remember their first ring  that was the last time the raiders were any good  Omg light theme is super bright I miss dark theme Im switching back Ah much better @Priyudi I mean regarding your poll, I text more than anything else ahha Mhm Text Or group me Does anyone watch hotel hell or kitchen nightmares? Book 2 is MC is running for President in the future Like hot tub time machine? LMAO lol go study and get some sleep good luck! LMAO did i miss this? darn i remember one of my friends in class straight up asked if we are ever gonna use the concept in life the teacher got all flustered lmao yes the pythagorean theorm so useful in my life a^2 + b^2 = c^2 oh look it solved my tax returns lmao priorities what a hypocrite hahaah replace he'll with hell and see what she says lol Kenna beat Mr. Red at his own game and bryce wouldnt put on his shirt lol i mean there's always a way to free redfield do ittttt Lu needs to create one Lu which is? :bartiemad: interesting nice but u should create a character for RP lmao lol time zones arent our friend gn Lol were u in class? Saw what :smart: Lol Pizza sounds good I had pizza yesterday Pepperoni I dont think I have a go to Like Im down with cheese pizza, bbq chicken pizza, meat lovers pizza I avoid pineapple on pizza tho If I wanted fruit I would eat a fruit salad Lmao Facts U had ihop? Waffles do sound good When u try roscoes chicken and waffles Nothing else compares  U need to visit SoCal Once covid is over And get roscoes I miss that place I feel like half the road trip is gonna be venturing through SoCal and exploring SD and LA I love clam chowder The losses are concerning but Choices remains a top 3 leader in the market But mind you there could be a lot going into why they are seeing losses I dont wanna dive too much into the accounting of it GUYS ITS NATIONAL PIZZA DAY UGH I COULD HAVE HAD PIZZA for lunch  https://tenor.com/view/dog-cute-pizza-hotdog-food-gif-5755123 Dont worry, I havent finished fire red Dont tell voltra >_> Yea u can get a emulator to play Pokmon on mac I have one lol Ahead of the game Huh? This is my irl pfp tho :niapanic: :partay: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: LMAO Take that to the DM My tax return is my Valentines date whatchu talking about? Or I dont wanna lol sorry Drew :garbryce: Yea no U forgot Medicare  Lol lol  ayeee me too! lol i have horrible handwriting i am saving everyone's eyes lmao did anyone have to write in cursive back in elementary school :MunchlaxMunch:  it just means the corgi has grown up to be an adult corgi ? oh poquito all my years of learning spanish and passing the AP test, i should have practiced more lol pero why lo siento senorita o es juego no? si pero necesito trabajar en my espnaol mas que?!? lmaooooo no quiero tu orejas sangar i sound horrible when i am speaking spanish lol i cant roll my R's when there is a word with double r's you pretty much asked me to speak as opposed to writing tho i did look up bleed in spanish lmao pero why no you dont Lu hahaha i sound like i am choking when i try to roll my r's oh! i did use spanish a few years ago because I got lost at coachella looking for my car off topic but it came into my mind just now lol i did it for the culture lol at coachella yes,  after coachella is the coachella flu where u get sick for a week yea i cant tell if you are being sarcastic lmao my back feels like its 100 thats why yoga is great there is a song reference to my back but it's too inappropro which is? pero why bring it up lol now im more curious throwback thursday song lol it's snowing sideways! lol alright party people i need to go back to work  same i just want to relax on a beach and eat tacos and drink sprite and tequila okay ..... i feel like u revealed ur name a while back yea lol mhm  :worryinjudge: Yay Get some rest Lmao I- Lol Fine lol  PB likes my name so much its in there a few times :animeglasses: Hmmm What does Lu know? Whats my middle name? Shhhhh Thats classified info Lol Thats okay :smart: Lmao run away with him Dont go blonde Lol :BooParty: Hey does anyone have the list of top 10 books on the app? So far I found:

1. Royal Romance 1
2. Bloodbound 1
3. AME book 1
4. Desire and Decorum Book 1
5. Open heart book 1 Cant find the remaining 5 lol True Im assuming stories like TFS and royal heir maybe in top 10 They used to show how many views each story got but but wheres aurora and sienna  Dude SoCal I always loved the weather Like 60s and 70s Yea its nice Especially spring Idk what part of SoCal youre in but I always remember it would get chilly af in the morning and then by like noon its 80 degrees lol 50 degree And it was 70 today and sunny lol I cant do humidity Like I visited DC in the summer It was 95 degrees and 100% humidity Like every time I visit jamaica Humidity smacks me in the face Do it!!! Never been on a cruise so Im jealous S pero Metta no sabe espaol bien It feels fancy Lol I like sparkling water Like its soda without the bad stuff lol Water but fancy :smart: Pelligrino sparkling water One of the best things :partay: Mine is still ride MC and Logan Yay iPhone users :kek: Lol Light mode? Lol Off topic but the first time in a long time I feel like I need coffee  Thx god its Friday Thx I need a nap lmao I will take one during lunch Garbage truck woke me up super early Nice This one too :bestinshow: Oh come on It was bigger before :Dopeysad: Top 5 cutest character in the app Bartie is taking revenge Oof good luck! Lmao Interesting Beautiful statement And welcome And now Kyo is here Lmao Mood Good bot ? Chaotic puppers All the doggos Super doggo sounds awesome No I know about that one lol I would like to thank everyone for that role All Im missing is a cane :smart: Lol yea I know Well my thanks are directed to you now Dog vibes Yay What about If Tatum and Ayna Tayna? Hmmm what about Blaine and Tatum? Blanium? What we would call the Dionne and Peter ship?  Pionne? Sweet Legendary Pokmon My YouTube is working Lol :dogekek: Done! :marajudge: I love the emotes we have I usually use this :niapanic: TIL Ethan is actually Zeus And then theres me who had the nickname of dgffd in discord...lmao Dont forget mint julep #openly-broke-an-ethan-romance  *me casually sipping a beer*  My campus bar was like that too Free food sometimes with ur beer Yea Margaritas are a good time waiting to happen. Ah We have a bar on campus And right across the street is another place where u get decent drinks Also 15 mins down towards the beach, theres some bomb food places ? Oh Eh Im tired If he did he wasnt my year It does French fries are the best form of potatoes Potatoes are amazing :judgeyfroge: Oh yea I remember My cousins in England always say chips But chips is crisps I mean fish and chips Is fish and fries Triple A league? NY apples vs Boston clam chowders I could go for some clam chowder Sounds like my college But we added chipotle in addition to in n out and chick fil a Bagels Yo how is the program coming btw? Nice Nice! But U should get some sleep ya know lol Interesting poll somebody on the sub posted Nice to see Bryce at #2 PB needs to listen to the people And give us Aurora and Olivia as. LIs Even tho it maybe late for Olivia And also Cassian deserved better Lmao Well Ethan is the most popular LI throughout The app So bigger fanbase will prob attract more people to not like him Also I have seen face a lot on tik tok Mhm The fandom is growing more cringey oof Broke my diet today by getting a burger and fries for dinner. No regrets Yea Now Im borderline food coma ahhaa Again no regrets No from this place called clementines They specialize in southern food, but make great burgers Is it? Interesting Their brunch menu is great Maybe The dessert here is solid Especially their bread pudding But not a fan of them putting apples in the bread pudding Lmao at the last ad Happy birthday Bee! :animeglasses: Anyways It sounds like AVSP is out in the next month or so Zeus But yes Hades Metta *me who never played HWU* :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: I have been wearing contacts for so long it took me several years to update my frames Its not bad! I like it Imo contacts are great but yes get them eyes checked Today looked super sunny outside. So I opened my window while i was working  and now a gust of cold air blew through My hands are cold lol Lmao Ayy Darn I meant to type aye https://tenor.com/view/pinkfong-baby-shark-doodoo-gif-12610796 Lmao at pbs current writing team Lin phan: omg yay an interview! Please dont talk about spoilers I want to keep it private. No attention to that please.

Also Lin Phan: *puts spoiler page public on IG, watermarks scripts and watermarks future sprites.

Me: :judgeyfroge: :judgeyfroge: :judgeyfroge: :judgeyfroge: :judgeyfroge: I mean theres always Facebook lol The whole thing with the wired interview sounds sketch to begin with My name isnt dgffd lmao :MunchlaxMunch: Oof Are u on mobile? F :niapanic: I think this one is my favorite emote on discord lol So then its on record  Good luck! Hi Oof I remember the spacers And then braces Daylight savings time isnt my friend today. Moving ahead one hour messes up the sleep schedule  Also happy Pi-day everyone! Also to not feel guilty of eating pie :smart: :smart: :smart: Lol Yes MOOD My cousin did that for New Years Im like  I think the US has like 5 time zones I thought u loved cross gene Oof Interesting Super Junior has been going for a while I had a college friend who loved 2am but they disbanded :/ How is it toxic love? That one was like the more stable one in the book It was inappropriate Hahah https://tenor.com/view/paula-deen-butter-mashed-potato-gif-13955041 ?  Temple run Omg I havent heard that in so long So I redownloaded temple run onto my phone.... All on the first day..... I spot a bunch of run-on sentences in that post She is just going to expose herself even more especially if PB knew about her.  Lol  Wait I also I put where is the lamb sauce as my suggestion too.... Lol ...yes :smart: Ayeee One infinity stone for Mara is this Hannah Montana? oh i never watched soooooo no idea hahaha Wolf bride must have been a hit for PB I just read it and I felt like I just got scammed out of $20 Hahahaah shit ahahah Well Im an idiot I call Bastien what I want lol https://tenor.com/view/hello-fellow-kids-steve-buscemi-30rock-undercover-hello-gif-5410477 that's like dedication lol https://tenor.com/view/friends-phoebe-rachel-excited-yay-gif-15414620  Watch Pb have someone sassy handle the twitter account Lmao Lol  Nice name change :partay:  Bought my blade of grass for $10 :partay: :partay: :partay: :partay: :partay: The rock is $10.99 I heard if you buy 2, its $15.00 Read #announcements i remember some people thought that image would be a teaser for IL3  i hope so we deserve it FA merch? Nah u get WB merch instead! PB: Tatum action figure? Congrats you get a Batsien action figure instead! How can they mess that up? Also I guess they havent sold all of their wb merch lol https://tenor.com/view/mr-bean-waiting-still-waiting-gif-13052487 Me waiting on the chap description The tweet where one user said the book is 90% empty with romance devoid of any emotional connection with a rushed ending. Lmaooooo Lol Maybe dont pass a voter suppression bill GOP  :MunchlaxMunch: Why are they charging $12 for a pin?!? :ohgodohduck: Today is National beer day? So cheers I guess  Ayeeee Sweet level up Arent u excited to play Error? Lmao PB b wildin PB took National beer day to heart Smh Nice I loved omega ruby :smart: :smart: :smart: :smart: Lmao So like 3 weeks later? At least LOA has a description Oh fudge they changed my icon  :niapanic: :niapanic: :niapanic: This just tells me TNA was really popular PBs new marketing strategy My icon shows this I think the thumbnail makes it worse imo Because the full body pic shows Sam and MC cuddling /napping Its funny when u open the app they ask you for romance or steamy But in the App Store they advertise horror, fantasy and more much Love how my old headphones didnt sync with my work laptop. As soon as my new headphones come in, the computer did an update and my old headphones now work :dead: :dead: The vid wont play  Huh I still cant play it My phone sucks Oh hey my sleep schedule is messed up too  Cold water and air conditioning set at cool temps >>>>> Im actually liking this nickname for Drew  Link to the guide? Ah gotcha Thanks Omg voltra clear your inbox Lol 17k emails man Lol Part of me wants to clear it Lmao I dont mind Sam but wanted to know Lol Can I petition PB to change the icon to like a Corgi It half makes me feel better Voltra I feel like it would take 20 mins to clear that Lmao Same :bartiemad: I get notifications of my important emails But I clean out my inbox once a day lmao I get promo emails for all the shops I shopped at Its like stop Nah its me too Gotta make sure I get the confirmation emails from Amazon I keep my work email on a separate app from my personal email Adulting I turn off my outlook notifications I dont want clients bothering me on the weekend Is it? Gmail? I had it for college and work I feel ya  Lol Its been like that on the computer Using my phone atm :kek: I was like huh? Lol I remember the RP channel had like 600+ messages one time Lol Adulting sucks One benefit is seeing your bank account increase two times a month. Then it crashes down Honestly my recent complaints have been weather and allergies Disneyland passes lol That stuff was cheap back in the day Hope you are doing well Lu. Remember to take care https://tenor.com/view/grumpy-dana-carvey-back-in-my-day-angry-gif-16063472 Lol Last time I was on the east coast was I was in DC Take Care Lu! Vacation DC is a fun city. Love visiting historical stuff Plus u see so many different designs its pretty cool When I visited NYC, I was the typical tourist with my head up to the sky looking at the skyscrapers Lmao Its so fun No lie I have a mini model of the Empire State Building My dad collects mugs from places we have visited So DC, NY, Canada, London Nice one thing i wish i did in college was study aboard do it if you have the chance yea i felt financial aid would help? not sure yea :/ I mean the choices app is now rated 17+ so I guess more smut books are on the horizon  The office hookups do happen irl PB wont dive into employee-boss relationsship and the works Like u go to HR and all that stuff I think Crimes of Passion may introduce the pronouns again They should have Say all drugs should be legal Not good imo Depends how strict they are for allowing people in Venues are asking if you get vaccinated or show a negative covid test Are they apartments close to home? Gotcha, closer to work for him Im assuming? Time flies Is he commuting to the office? I would assume they are remote though Liam: Im not leftovers  i dont know i never dump Liam in my playthroughs lol ? Oh lol :this: I did lol OwO Sorry fae, didnt mean to have it come off that way Shoutout to the DMV for wasting my time and telling me I didnt need to come in to renew at their office since what I did online was good. Even though the notice I needed to fill out online said I needed to come in :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: The dude was ok, at least he was transparent I will get my new license in the mail in two weeks But such a waste of time, getting haircut for the new pic and what not. I was ready lol they do, that guy better br right and I get my new license in the mail lol also applying for the real ID sucks lol I woke up too early And I cant go back to bed guess its breakfast time  Awww Done  PB replaced Mason and Mickey with Rico as Sam Dalton's kid lol Got some range lol lol Technically its Rico and he looks more like a baby than Bartie Yea I switched discord from dark mode to light mode. My eyes hate me rn Just the course of my day lol Yea :kermitarmsflail: Does this sever want a boost?  K Its done Server boosted :catvibing: Lol the cat fits the crown Like a restaurant or the tire? Firestone grill? https://www.firestonegrill.com/menu/ It looks good Oh man, if I visited my old places at UCI Kbbq and pho :kiss: Yea They survived Yea poor restaurant Their bread was legit Their ice cream was great But BJs pizookie >>>> A cookie ice cream sandwich sounds good rn https://tenor.com/view/ice-cream-ice-cream-cone-sprinkles-gif-13495422 I would love some cookies and cream ice cream right now Its nice knowing the angry Bartie emote is being used outside of discord :BooParty: Lol awwww :peepoClap: Totally called TnA being a June release Shipwrecked sounds fun I prefer zombies over the wake the dead...just saying lol :kek: So I guess its a single LI book :monkaS: :CharmanderHi: Those 50 diamonds tho Pretty much Start a chap Pause Play for a min Daily diamond Nice Happy Birthday! Cool The bots are taking over Oooo just had a bot idea BRB nothing bad, just nostalgic Yea Thats fine I mean Imogen is a perfect match Sooooo it works out  But also Metta went dum dum there :Duffyevil: :Duffyevil: No lie naps are legit Working all day sucks Having conference calls after work hours :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: Not the vibe :peepoClap: If your job makes you do Friday trainings. Run Yes But Im too tired to run so i will use my roller chair Nooo get urself a chair Save ur knees :bartiemad: :bartiemad: Smh Hey man can u delete that please? When Costco runs out of the item u wanted :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: Lol Sounds like Lu wants a cat Lmao bruh My FBI agent prob judges me hella hard Im sure on multiple watchlists Mwahahaha Off topic: how do u all feel if someone sent an email beginning with dear and not hello or hi Lol Drew crips and bloods are gangs Now u know :dead: :judgeyfroge: Yall better keep this pg-13 https://tenor.com/view/futurama-sospecha-mirada-look-gif-7194479 Was it worth it tho? https://tenor.com/view/ptfs-pilot-training-flight-simulator-gif-18533153 Morning work meetings are the bane of my existence Noooooooo https://tenor.com/view/eric-andre-let-me-out-meme-gif-20614321 I get tax returns and emails from clients asking if they can claim their dog for taxes I need to put in some vacation time Choices loves Kat the streamer Its humid hot rain lol https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMdMffTjp/ No crowds plz Its 102 degrees today, and I see people wearing long sleeves and jackets Pero why https://tenor.com/view/heat-heat-wave-fan-hot-cat-gif-5319975 :Periodt: Whoever invented this, you deserve all the good things in this world Aww no worries. He should be fine. It varies from person to person, the good thing is he getting it also if he can pedialyte worked for me that stuff is helpful Low key was prepared to see Sam Dalton lmao My boss: Im gonna be on vacation for a week. 

Also my boss: Im joining the team meeting today :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: Or craziness :bartiemad: Ohhhhh Chocolate chip? Send some my way plz Mine Lmao its great :bartiemad: My legacy Jk Im surprised it won too! Lmao True dat They will only spice it up Interesting PB: while the Royal Finale is here, stay tuned for the Royal Princess coming 2022 :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: The exercise instructor on my bike called all of us Elsa and to let it go I feel like he knows about this lmao :samwtf: :niapanic: Heres the baby The chapters baby lmao :samwtf: Still looks good :peepoClap: Pri youre fine, mistakes happen lol. I dont think shes gonna take offense to what u said https://tenor.com/view/see-ya-ya-yeet-ash-chucks-pikachu-im-sick-of-you-now-throw-gif-16987702 Ur right,  Metta does not like that :bartiemad: Idk Frankie muniz Billy Crystal Who? Smh Lakers I chose the suns when I made a bet I dont feel good about myself cheering for evil Clippers/suns Horrible decision Lmao warriors and lakers dont even have a rivalry sooooo Hehehehe say no more Hehehe :niapanic: :niapanic: I rather not, lol and now Im regretting it Did u? Lol Oooo That sounds fun Lol Happy National Mac n Cheese Day! https://tenor.com/view/mac-and-cheese-pasta-macaroni-and-cheese-mac-and-cheese-day-happy-mac-and-cheese-day-gif-16566121 Happy International Non-Binary Day! Lmao I just YouTube lmao Everyone send their positive thoughts/vibes/energy to them so they can win the game and the championship I like the bucks Good team 10000000000x more likable than the suns Yes So Bucks won  https://tenor.com/view/saturday-night-live-lonely-island-andy-samberg-snl-like-a-boss-gif-3866915 Nice! Its going great Them frauds Phoenix suns are losing Can confirm Am lakers fan Can also confirm the suns part, my friend is in shambles rn Im so happy Their fans talk so much shit like bro calm down Karma sweet sweet karma https://twitter.com/craigweekend/status/1418710573215191043?s=21 Did anyone get this? Royal teen Happy Birthday Mara! isnt that the discord installer? doesnt that go away after u install the discord app? I should learn Python? computer sci and I dont mix :peepoClap: SHARE :butwhy: :samhelpme: Tomatoes are good for u Ur boy got tacos for dinner Happy camper Did u get a Big Mac? What But burgers are life Nuggets are chill too McFlurry Yum Amazing A mix of bbq and honey mustard HAPPY ROOT BEER FLOAT DAY! https://tenor.com/view/root-beer-root-beer-float-root-beer-floats-aw-root-beer-aw-restaurants-gif-11789146 Root beer is just another type of soda lol But yes its not alcoholic Its so good Mcflurries are lyfe Yall ever had fried Kool aid Kool aid donuts They fry the bread The kool aid is a glaze Kool They are donuts So if thats the case U would say no to ice cream and cake? Boss: our work meetings should last no longer than 30 mins!

Also boss: *takes additional 30 mins to go over stuff* #wastemytime2021 https://tenor.com/view/obama-what-seriously-wtf-gif-12341428 Me at work: hey yall this return is messed up. How did yall get these numbers?

Them: i dont know, I just pressed some buttons and they appeared..

Me:. https://tenor.com/view/tableflip-cat-angry-mad-gif-3552726 My nightmare One time my boss told me to use a formula to make things quicker He showed me and messed up the formula himself Smh *runs into hiding* Bet Im giving u points for creativity MST: Must Start Twerking U not eating ur banana in time  Theres a hawaii standard time Hmmmmm Lmao Classic banger, good stuff lol Pero why Dont tell me u visited SF Lol I miss SF, the food was bomb :e_minor: :e_minor: My favorite mom and pop shop is in SF. This old couple served the best Japanese food I ever had I hope they are still thriving Is that off market? Answnsshhshehww I would win. Bet :judgeyfroge: U see I bring ppl together lol Why not both Party At Voltras So basically no Lol SF trip Then the out of state peeps can experience the greatest fast food place in In n Out TFS book 4 Hgghbgggge They are like an hour from school Sf General Lu storming Pb to make it better U mean money? Donuts would be better lol Convince Pb strawberry is the superior fruit :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: Buss it https://tenor.com/view/its-a-me-mario-it-me-super-mario-nintendo-gif-12848561 I can see it FB moms Sorry didnt mean to @ u Fae lol ? Witness MC is best MC. Thats all I have to contribute lol Ooooo I would buy all the diamond scenes Hottest crossover ever Honestly, which MC would u be friends with irl? Genuinely curious Nice THM MC, witness MC, SB MC, TNA MC, OH MC, ESS MC, ms match MC, QB MC and maybe TRR MC if shes queen Me: Im gonna take a 10 min nap!

*one hour later*

Me: what day is it?!? Yes ur a judge now Dont abuse that power :judgeyfroge: Stay safe Adam! Boss: our daily  meetings should only last 30 mins and not longer! 

Also boss: lets talk about one project for 40 minutes! 

Me: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: I do :heheadrian: Roommates? Or logistics? The best School logic Lmao Sorry to hear Oof I dont miss the humidity No but I used to live in Florida And Im assuming the heat and humidity are similar Yea Me no like heat and humid Bad Damn Thats hella nice :samhelpme: Also helps Amazon is one of the biggest companies that has close to $400 billion in revenue True https://tenor.com/view/harrypotter-headandshoulders-voldemort-gif-5063343 Me irl Wait for real, what do U have against head and shoulders? Lmao .img no more tears shampoo Wtf ,img no more tears I remember that Lol Lu U gotta tell us why u dont like head and shoulders Lol Lu: 2-4-1
Voltra: is that baseball? https://tenor.com/view/sportsball-yes-yay-hyper-kid-gif-16063010 Just remember yall, Lakers are good. Cheer for them Its also National Head and Shoulders shampoo day :kek: Trailblazers are dope Yes :samhelpme: Lakers Good Today is actually National be an Angel Day So spread kindness yall Valid Im not trying to gaslight lmao Lol :samhelpme: Saw what Ooooo I had a gif from the office Hold on https://tenor.com/view/bitch-the-office-gif-10176803 Found it https://tenor.com/view/thanos-infinity-gauntlet-ill-do-it-myself-marvel-villain-gif-16087834 Fo real Lmao https://tenor.com/view/parks-and-rec-ron-swanson-computer-trash-garbage-gif-21878872 Valid actually I never watched an episode Thats cool Lmao Hahahahahahaha ,img Betty white QUEEN United States of Betty Pinned a message. Same :samhelpme: :heheadrian: :butwhy: Yep Adrian was eating good today Think of the kiddies Drew ? LMAO it's like Queen B in real life but Lu >>>>>>>>> Poppy lol Carter manifesting him to be a LI LMAO uh huh are we gonna turn this into a mean girls server yay I CALL DIBS ON KEVIN MALONE! CUZ ACCOUNTANT https://tenor.com/view/the-office-kevin-the-office-kevin-malone-ashton-kutcher-gif-18188569 https://tenor.com/view/the-office-spill-chili-pot-kevin-malone-gif-3915565 also me shouldn't Lu be your Pam Beesly? loooool I dont think Roy would exist after one scene lol we need a michael scott also a David Wallace i would love to be Dwight but Kevin malone tho https://tenor.com/view/its-true-dwight-schrute-false-true-gif-11245079 we need to stream the office here one of these days classic show you can be david wallace does not have a mustache but he's the CFO of the company oh shit yes him remember the intro if stanlley had a mustache? lol "BOY HAVE U LOST UR MIND? CUZ I WILL HELP YOU FIND IT?" lol classic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLNyF1Zw5tg&ab_channel=TheOffice one of my favorite intros ? The discord app updating? Can I get one plz Pero Why I feel called out lmao I love it The white text looked better tbh lol TIL Drew loves power Bless bel :heheadrian: :samhelpme: Happy Birthday @DaHomieDrew!!! :BooParty: :BooParty: :BooParty: https://tenor.com/view/thirsty-water-fall-gif-16327653 https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/pbf5w4/im_a_choices_fan_making_a_choicesstyle_game/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf :samhelpme: When today is your work lunch meeting and nobody showed up to the call https://tenor.com/view/obama-what-seriously-wtf-gif-12341428 I dont have kids so wtfff lmao Happy National Dog Day everyone! :MARAONLY: I would love a chicken burger lmao Also fries too Chicken burger Not this again. Burgers = sandwiches. Debate over lmao Burgers are sandwiches. Two slices of bread, meat in the middle. Boom burgers = sandwiches Buns are bread Buns are breads, sesame seeds or not Bread is bread homie My homie Merriam-Webster says burgers are sandwiches soooo So are u confirming a burger is a sandwich?  https://tenor.com/view/no-way-not-true-not-funny-wrong-false-gif-20308154 Dwight disagrees Is the filling meat or a meat substitute Thats not considered a meat or meat substitute Lol https://tenor.com/view/missionaccomplished-emperorsnewgroove-kronk-gif-4514330 I love sprinkles So Sprinkles on top of my cookies and cream ice cream >>>>>> Almond milk is superior Didnt realize pixelberry has a twitch account They are commenting on Kats live stream And are answering questions I should ask them why they are not doing slow burn two Pri if tech geek is who u are, own it Rock it with pride I need a nap Peloton kicked  my ass I just remember the biggest lie my 4th grade teacher told me was everyone is gonna be using cursive from now Lmao My 4th grade teacher would be so proud of u :samhelpme: :samhelpme: Nope Night Mara Lool Pri is taking her time :heheadrian: Ok Ready :ethonk: I. Approve Oof Not Gaius Poor gai boo A secondary thought :peepoClap: https://tenor.com/view/its-free-real-sate-gif-7215175 I remember Oliver being sidelined hardcore in DS I was like damn Ok Mhm I felt like my wifey Charlie got the most screen time #blessed .img Edward We love to see it Yes :peepoClap: :catvibing: Is this gonna be a pg-13 fic or nsfw fic? :CharmanderHi: :peepoClap: Does Sam Dalton have a discord account Stop invading tna MC and sam daltons private server Calculus My coworker asked me what I plan to do for the 3day weekend. I told them sleep So mini story coming up but wanted to share because I am kinda puzzled by it. 

I got invited to two friends weddings back in 2020. Rescheduled obviously due to covid to this year. Told both of them I wouldnt make due to Covid. I gave them cash gifts for their weddings. Its been over a month since their weddings but I felt like they should have left a thank you note or something? Idk it feels pretty rude they havent said thank you yet lol Look at Drew being at the top @DaHomieDrew Since Drew has the power, he can convince PB to do it lives 3 :butwhy: :samhelpme: Heyheyhey My boss today: today is an important week! We must hit our deadlines!

Also my boss: oh hey yall Im on vacation, bye losers! We would just mess up the formulas in every excel spreadsheet we have Lu and Drew have the power not throwing away my shot Pinned a message. New pet peeve from work: when your coworkers and supervisors say to others to get their stuff together but they cant get their stuff together themselves. Work on yourselves first lmao :judgeyfroge: :judgeyfroge: :judgeyfroge: :judgeyfroge: Hola :ruserious: :ruserious: :samhelpme: Damn u YouTube HAPPY BIRTHDAY @kioverity!!! :BooParty: :BooParty: :BooParty: Heyheyhey Adrian looks 12 Heyheyheyheyhey Busy with work  U? Ah fo sho End of work day? well thats too bad the motto :ethonk: :butwhy: :ruserious: :BeauBait: :youwot: :Duffyevil: :animeglasses: :bartiemad: Loool Lool Sleep :ethonk: :CharmanderHi: The birth of absolutely HAPPY NATIONAL CHEESEBURGER DAY!!! https://tenor.com/view/sponge-bob-cheeseburger-day-heart-krabby-patty-gif-5965054 Drew ahead of schedule we love to see it The fries are usually crisp U can choose to have them normal, light aka smushy or well done which is extra crisp Damn it Lu Lmao Yep Tho they have long wait times U make it sound like its gonna give u the runs When its food from heaven We reference that to Taco Bell tbh We went from cheeseburgers to shitting I love it Chaos good Thats why the lactaid pills exist lmao Almond milk is the GOAT Oh th lactose tolerant will cause a lot more than gassiness lmao DREW Lol Peepoopeepoo U have to wipe after a bidet Ur gonna walk around with a wet butt Toilet paper https://tenor.com/view/charmin-toilet-paper-gif-12855073 Lmao College kids have done it lol Am American can confirm weird What kind of banger song? From super Junior https://tenor.com/view/super-junior-super-junior-happy-super-junior-donghae-super-junior-yesung-super-junior-eunhyuk-gif-20917068 https://tenor.com/view/nailedit-theoffice-nailed-gif-4929595 Did anyone listen to 2am? I had a friend obsessed with that group Looool SuJu and CG supremacy? RIP https://tenor.com/view/archer-tinnitus-sterling-archer-sterling-clogged-ears-gif-5383035 Thats TMj Lmao LMAO Looool Cuz brand Earbuds are the earbuds to play music Earbuds are referred to something else. https://tenor.com/view/air-pods-pro-earphones-wireless-earphones-white-air-pods-gif-17353644 Like this We still call em earbuds And headphones I love the subtle differences Its like color and colour all over again Happy* Apologize or apologise? Are we debating or are we being chaotic Metta makes memories Nice Cream team? What Ppl were thinking it Lol Wait what Oh Metta world peace My namesake https://tenor.com/view/birthday-metta-world-peace-gif-19528747 Nobody cuz I never watched it Lol I win Jk https://tenor.com/view/nod-agree-agreement-supernatural-gif-4104813 Whayttt Story time I loved Zoey 101 Which one was Nicole I forgot Oof Ugh Thats why the Harvey Weinstein was such a big movement Everything changes once they step forward too And the accused would throw lawsuits and defame the person Make their life hard Trump was terrible for a longggggg time Way before he ran for President I knew him from the apprentice and from the Central Park 5 case I laughed when it happened Ugh Yes Karen the lavender oil is gonna protect me from covid I will let the oil absorb my skin and produce antibodies I knew one person from college who turned heavy republican and full on trump supporter. She kept saying high vitamin D levels is the cure Fuck Tucker Carlson Bitch ass Carlson Also from HSS  Wear a mask and get vaxxed U should stream playing HSS Oof yay for ur parents getting vaxxed As ur nickname? O Do it Partner with PB Stream witness lmao U know Kats streams arent bad They are pretty chill I should do a twitch stream And just run TNA Pb: look at this boy playing as a gir loving the boss More like zoom in on it She talks to fans too Which is cool She answered some of my questions which was cool I told her to do Slow Burn after finishing nightbound I try He was banned for multiple reasons. Very bad ones that are triggering Hi Pri Priy Dude I realized something We need to do a wcp for It lives Since oct is coming https://tenor.com/view/bernie-sanders-financial-support-gif-22039812 Im not ready for ILB tho Imogen :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: Whats unwritten? Nooooo not my wife imogen Nooooo poor Tom Didnt Parker run away for good Oof Poor Parker All he wanted to be was a good cop https://tenor.com/view/confused-what-huh-gif-14742755 https://tenor.com/view/run-forest-gump-running-late-work-gif-8011415 Parker irl https://tenor.com/view/kick-funny-anime-fly-cartoon-gif-4922649 Ooof really? Damnnn Nooooo Apple why But apple bestie tho Idk I love my Mac its the best oc I had in a while Pc* its the iRobot now Lmao U know my dell laptop was terrible Never again Lenovo, asus, HP and Mac Top tier Down lol Mine too Pregant Also for alcohol? Oof https://tenor.com/view/america-hurricane-happy4th-of-july-america-flag-independence-day-gif-21259025 Lol sorry Lmao Hmm use 510 Its a legit area code T-mobile gang Sup What art Off topic, but lesson from Metta: dont do a hard workout especially if u havent exercised in a few days BRB gonna take a nap lol HAPPY TALK LIKE A PIRATE DAY EVERYONE!!! https://tenor.com/view/disney-movies-quotes-potc-pirates-of-the-caribbean-gif-14851127 https://tenor.com/view/pirate-reaction-captain-stare-watch-gif-15081030 Arrrr Charlie  I miss my pirate queen .img Charlie Smith :takemymoney: :dogeheart: :dogeheart: :dogeheart: We needed a DS2 Is PB mr krabs? https://tenor.com/view/mr-krabs-dive-money-rich-spongebob-gif-10015747 So that map is telling me Mormon Bar beats Zzyzx as the most oddly named in Ca? Im 1.8% controversial Sweet 99.9% controversial Jk Oh I remember that! Lol that post pissed off people lol HAPPY NATIONAL STRING CHEESE DAY. HAPPY NATIONAL PUNCH DAY AND HAPPY NATIONAL PEPPERONI PIZZA DAY!!!!!!! https://tenor.com/view/little-caesars-pizza-pizza-time-national-pizza-day-national-pizza-pie-day-gif-16173278 Hah Hahaha Hahahahaha Hahahaahaah Not that kind of punch Lmaoooo https://tenor.com/view/sml-bowser-junior-hawaiian-punch-fruit-punch-juice-gif-22799146 HAPPY NATIONAL IT PROFESSIONAL DAY! BE NICE TO YOUR FELLOW IT PROFESSIONALS!! Its me Im the desperate person So? Gotta get those belated birthday wishes in :heheadrian: :MunchlaxMunch: Hey hey hey HAPPY NATIONAL ICE CREAM CONE DAY YALL!!!!!!!!! https://tenor.com/view/icecream-day-cat-funny-cute-gif-21077281 Uhhh Why not Celebrate every day lol Que? Lool Gaius Games sound fun royaltyyyyy gang! Spooky season Are you Rheya? I love how this channel became the megamind channel Angry text :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: Tequila sounds good rn :ianwhyyyyyy: psssh more like witness yes i am got my pre order ready to go simply simpin sonia eh? spoilerland 2.0: simp vibes only sweet i have the simp squad role thanks Carter! me? we only need 3 more boosts is it possible to have multiple LIS not the bryce icon? which adrian? we have mega adrian as an emote tho jk Rashon was fun to talk to miss his humor we need to talk to you about light mode.... lol jk :megadrian: I love it :teeheemichael: :heheadrian: :megadrian: Nice I remember that fiasco I do too :bartiemad: :teeheemichael: of course :megadrian: :heheadrian: :ethonk: :Duffyevil: :teeheemichael: Yes :teeheemichael: Emotes are necessary Dog supremacy :uwuhappy: Yea :CorgiLick: :ch_corgisad: Yes Dont give Elon more ideas lmao Yes Yes Dog in board WHAT No Wtf :samhelpme: I will be right back Wait ppl didnt know that I always thought tweety was a dude Lmao Vroom I love being in work meetings where I have to repeat the answer 5 times because nobody pays attention  my mood rn:
:bartiemad: :bartiemad: I just get curt with them Then they listen Or I ask about stuff they should have completed and they go :samwtf: :samwtf: :samwtf: :samwtf: https://tenor.com/view/hey-hello-hi-hey-there-hey-boo-gif-11943555 :FrogeSip: Pom :samhelpme: :FrogeSip: Dare I ask whats || corpseparty ||about? Interesting Is it on Netflix? Ayeee Morning yall Whats up :samhelpme: Are u trying to add an emote Which one? Ok Give me a few mins, let me see something thanks Fae! :argh: how does that look? cool beans :waveboy: Pri to the rescue C!momey C!money Awww no money  C!steal ::pikawot: C!steal :pikawot: Hm I prob cant do this on my phone c!steal :pikawot: c!steal :pepehands: c!steal :4828_ChrisEvansPeriodt:  Sad Metta hours Or make me temp admin for like a min and I can steal Who? :heheadrian: Jk Awwww We love to see it Love of my life Lmao :angryjam: :pepeJAM: :sadhours: my guy's hairline is getting worse unforgiveable PB unforgivable  :CandidCarter: Nice I like to pick every race available I can prob tell yall mine as well .img choices li Hm Not bad Que? Quien Esto? Pero why Bad bot -12/10 Good hot Mara compiling all of the lis she picked LMAO https://tenor.com/view/cat-typing-typing-on-computer-computer-work-laptop-gif-21481919 Jk dont hate me Looool Lol Wait U played slow burn already? Lmao Lu , you and Mara have the same Everett Yvette Flynt Bringing this back lmao https://tenor.com/view/forrest-gump-running-me-when-im-late-tom-hanks-gif-5144739 Sangwoo Im on episode 8 And Im mad Lol That means we need to stream Squid game for Pri Someone already spoiled the last episode for me :sadhours: :sadhours: :sadhours: :sadhours: Idk how I passed AP Spanish Especially the exam ,img Sang Woo I cant believe Gong Yoo is almost 40 Homie looks good for almost 40 https://tenor.com/view/dannychavinha-squidgame-gif-23155750 Lol I will I got 9 left I watched the English dub of squid games OG was better In korean is better The dub was awks Sae-Beyok I root for her Shes bae to me Lol Jk I liked her too She deserved better || deok-Su  u bastard :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: || Lmao The || flashing lights in episode 4 gave me a headache || Proof Im old Education is key today today lmao jk ayeee ugh work is in the way of squid games stupid deadlines i can watch the rest in a bit, so excited to finish also my boss forgot he gave us a day off oof did u get sleep? Pacific Standard Time  finally finished watching squid game that ending :samwtf: poor pri u will catch up this weekend! ok U should give it a chance Its a good show we are streaming this weekend come join us lol pull all nighter worth it Add that extra patty :ping: :PepePing: :reeping: :amongus: All the pings The nerve system was GOAT :butwhy: But u need to know the first episodes are about  Tell the session to delay it :heheadrian: Jk :sadhours: Pero why Valid :ethonk: Cool Carter Cimp Not the pancreas! :JudgeyJen: The Pri games Yes I give it spring/summer 2022 Lmao Maxwell is the host If Cordonia did the squid games Olivia would win True Bertrand would place last in squid game Which one is the strongest? I would go with the Vietnamese coffee brand I had Vietnamese coffee before That can make u stay awake for so long Didnt really work for me but for my friends.lets say they had jittery hands Aye i would list too gotta loook some of mine lol Adrian- Black (rip hairline)
Avery- female 
Noah- black 
Mackenzie- hispanic 
Ava Lawrence - hispanic
Simon Montjoy- black 
Blaine- hispanic female
Manu - hispanic female
Cassidy- black male 
Mason- black
Jack/Jacque  Black Male
Kayden- black male 
Edward- black 
Yvette- Black
Gabe- Black
Adam- Black
Hayden- Asian female
Ian- White 
John- Black 
Liam- Black 
Hunter- asian female 
Logan- black 
Cassian- black male
Myles or Myra- Myles
Clint- Black
Nik- black
Raleigh- female 
Robin- Asian female 
Rory- white female 
Sam- black male
Morgan- middle eastern 
Bastien- black
Marco - black my list lol its not play who u like shoot ur shot tell em u have to do something lmao wait until I tell yall the meaning of Baha Men's song "who let the dogs out"? nope oh Fae woof woof LMAO cuz they dont know theres so many songs with more cursed/deeper meaninga meanings* hahaha relationships also the old school song too close by next has another meaning really bad im surprised they dont know the songs they played back at school dances dont think i ever listened to that song prob need to listen to it i was gonna mention peaches but nope nope ........ yes lol lol julian is sad because he wanted more diamond scenes lol lol i just started working on it but its okay thank you for this Sara whatever works for u i like how hunter is shirtless Surprised gabe wasnt S tier https://tenor.com/view/find-urvish-gajjar-aapnu-cinema-you-tuber-gujarati-gif-18397137 U shouldnt have to lmao i dont think anyone will be surprised at my top tier row lmao thank you https://tiermaker.com/create/choices---love-interests-updated-2020-390022 okay this is a bit harder now lol also they dont have yvette  yea it's missing, WB, SB, FA, and others this took a longgggggggg time also gotta add Yvette (SB) and Jack from Ms Match to Best of the Best Shes around my age :KEKWhands: I always thought she was younger Lol Its baffling she mentions she doesnt want to get into trouble with PB for leaking stuff, but yet she posts leaked stuff on tumblr and IG? While her profile is public? Make it make sense I wonder if PB doesnt care about her? Thats what I never understand. Its not her art, its PB. Or free publicity Im not sure if data mining is illegal in the US. Dont recall any laws but its more grey area because I havent heard much. I know at the minimum it for sure is a violation of TOS and she would get banned at minimum Yea, sounds like its privacy more than anything And plus how hard Pb is willing to pursue her and the works Not me thinking its Thursday when its only Wednesday :redhotblaine: West coast United States says 9:47pm Wednesday 10/20/21 DD/MM/YYYY :heheadrian: Or DD/MM/YY :aislame: MM/DD/YY 2021/20/10  MM/DD/YY best format The only time I got money was from birthdays, holidays and the tooth fairy My  6 year old self thought I would get $50 for losing one of my front teeth back then lmao Santa Lmao I legit wrote a list of toys I wanted when I was young Santa at the mall was like thats a lot of toys Old man I have been good this year! For his sake, yes  Its too early for Xmas songs :niapanic: :niapanic: Wait until@halloween is done Eh, my radio is set to a channel that plays top 40 hits Wait Did yall ever tracked Santa online They set up a website to show where he was at Lmao Dude i low key want to stream Elf or the Santa clause movies one of these days Make it holiday vibes Lol https://tenor.com/view/omg-excited-jumping-buddy-elf-gif-8010009 My dad loves watching its a wonderful life All that good shit Directed by Drew Starring Bryce Lahela Bryce is Santa Claus for Edenbrook Im surprised they didnt do a holiday special for OH The holiday books are fun TE had a holiday book but no TE 3 :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: Lol MC becomes the attuned god Bow down Penderghast I will trade one witness for TE 3 plz Lmao LMAO So thats what happened to Mrs Martinez Sly woman True Kayden is S tier but hey Drew i respect ur opinion no need to speak  put damien in C tier :kek: awww it cuz of WTD HAPPY NATIONAL COLOR DAY! ALSO HAPPY NATIONAL MAKE A DOGS DAY! I dont have that option either on my phone Mines says up to date so idk Mine doesnt have that option on mobile yet :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: Damn u iPhone X :samhelpme: Eh I will live Maybe its delayed on my phone or something Yay I love how they went up the California coast for their updates Catalina to Big Sur to Monterey All coastal places in California ooooo pri u gave me a good xmas idea for my mom now i need to upgrade her ipad or laptop yea i need to ask her which she prefers lol brb going to Apple HQ to talk to them about that wait are u ordering from apple themselves? or at one of the apple store locations? oof luckily theres an apple store nearby always packed and full of people tho *shudders* i went to the mall a while back apple store still packed my trade in for the new iphone is $200.... about a 20% discount, not bad nah, best buy is usually packed for new school session cuz papa Metta gets rewards from Best Buy lol actually when I bought my MacBook, they had a sale and i got the whole apple care and all that jazz set up yea upgrades are great but my carrier was limited apple care is great! support is god tier and they are super friendly i gotta look back it, but mainly damages or if you have free replacements if the product is bad like my iphone 5 couldnt synce to the icloud apple store deemed it dead, still in the the care range I believe and got a free replacement lol before i switched to iphone i had an android that crap sucked battery life died within a year it answered calls when the phone was in my pocket, super sensitive to touch hmm i see did that quiz call charmander a grass type? aka jail lmao not nice pri lol yea they could say if u watermark you're stealing their assets/work that opens another can of worms i dont think that is gonna stop them or anything i mean they can try, but it's a lot of money and it varies by country and if the US has a treaty with that country and what not mhm priy i got a good book u can read that will put u to sleep any guesses pri? oh no, something much better than WB not PB related lol you're gonna read the U.S tax laws and International Accounting standards 5 mins you will be sleepy :heheadrian: mission accomplished pri im gonna link to the US Tax laws to read if you dont sleep or accounting 101 http://www.bookkeepingexplained.com/pdfs/AccountingBasicsPart1.pdf memorize it, love it cherish it how was ur exam? :kek: I only shop from retail stores and Amazon online The best service I got was from Best Buy and Nike They are early with their deliveries Apple too Best Buy goes out of their way to update u Its like clockwork Nike doesnt run out of stuff and is rarely delayed Freaking zuckerberg cant even spell METTA smh Im suing I want half the profits Yes Metta  jail is awesome https://tenor.com/view/michael-scott-youre-welcome-wink-steve-carrell-gif-14492653 Happy Birthday @Belbercike !!!! Our dads are bday twins lmao My boss: I came back from the East coast of the US at 1:30am. Ready for work. 

Bruh, take a day off it aint tax season :ruserious: My boss is crazy Usually  ppl recover from the jet lag, it aint healthy getting back into his routine Chicken, egg, the essentials for ramen :FrogeSip: Yea dont send it here Get some sleep Ur not working tonight right? Happy Diwali! i mean.....its true.... *looks at Yvette, Charlie, Sonia, Quinn, Imogen* :CandidCarter: spoiler alert: i am the authorities sooooo :BeauBait: LMAO >_> <_< *hides puppy face filter* im too shy to show the face i will hide behind carter pffttttt nah i refuse to grow a goatee :samhelpme: lmao At least the best books of ViP aka Slow burn and Ms Match have somewhat of a projected release timeframe It rained last night and it was 60 degrees today Bay Area weather is peak fall rn U might as well move to the bay area Literally had foggy mornings for the past week SF has fog constantly Mhm u hit 50,000 xp Post the pic Okay Did u just post Pbs address Yes pB hq is near Google hq too lmao I have seen so many different types of postal codes. 8 digits broken into groups of r 4 U gotta ask their government lmao Disneyland I remember sea world in Orlando Shamu was my homie Lol next time u can go to legoland lol I used to live in Sarasota. Can confirm as well when I went to Orlando Wait Which model Tesla? Space is good Nice Lmao I got money from the government for my car since its a plug in hybrid Thx governor newsom It would take me 8 hours to get to the southern border Ask republicans I miss LA ngl Have u heard of the 5 boroughs of NYC? Each could be their own city Yes Tokyo is freaking huge I was reading about it the other day Like 37 wards or so The city stretches for miles Yea u can divide  that city up big time Plus japans public transport is top notch And clean Aww we love to have u here Of course I told my friend who was stationed in Korea and Japan. We need to take notes on infrastructure and public transportation Idk how we cant funnel money to improving shot Got clients in Singapore too. They love it there Except the humidity My friend is from Singapore and I know about the strict clean rules Aka no gum or something Found this pic of Tokyo on redditso beautiful Its an edited photo I believe Tell me u went to legoland Malaysia :0 But ur so close Ahhhh cool cool salads are bad  i eat them too but i need actual meat in those salads to make things good it needs chicken in there hi lol Lmao Awww I love apple Great products and service tbh :samhelpme: Take that back! Now Wait, u mean the desktop Macs? The iMac? My family aint gonna switch to imac My MacBook Pro was like $2,500+ Why is the iMac so pricey Theres one for 50k btw https://gadgets.ndtv.com/laptops/news/apple-mac-pro-costs-over-50000-if-you-get-all-the-upgrades-2146943?amp=1&akamai-rum=off From 2019 But if u have $50,000 for a desktop WTT U know u say that to some ppl But they will still buy it from apple lmao My citra stills work on my MacBook I can stilll play Pokmon omega ruby and alpha sapphire Lmao My friend built his pc from stretch Scratch He felt so proud Love how my internet died, cell service died for two hours and I couldnt watch my team win :sadhours: Metta got bad luck When ur boss doesnt give u a holiday off this week. Even though its a federal holiday :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :carterwtf: :spideywtf: :carterwtf: :carterwtf: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :butwhy: :FrogeSip: Tequila but its apple juice Now yall pissed off fae Stout and wheat beers are godly I am not a piece of meat :megadrian: voltra partying on friday?!? peak college student vibes WHOA HEY WHAT DID u drink deets i feel so left out  go away lmao drinking fun adulting im just happy en rn guess im not people lmao i wish theres like 50 convos happening and i love it https://tenor.com/view/get-ready-fight-catch-these-hands-about-to-swing-pull-up-gif-17574368 starboard needs to give some of what they are drinking yall need to stop shipping underage peeps :MunchlaxMunch: :cutefrog: asdfghkl;' peep :GaibooShock: When u get a wedding invite through email but it went to spam :kek: :kek: :kek: :samwtf: :samwtf: :samwtf: Oh hey my new emote Bruh its a mannequin :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :supbrah: Santa Claus Elf It looks like the dreamworks version of goofy ol Evil Metta: Carter should not be a LI. :carterwtf: Evil Metta: no more emotes Nice pun me They better answer my question No boring ass generic question answering plz oh my god this is torture answer my troll question cowards someone said they wanted TNA to be as long as longer than TRR soooo :teeheemichael: imma stop u there drew no one of the writers wanted to kill Olivia..... like why im taking this to #the-apple-obsessed-monarchy also wanted to destroy of bertrand and a few others one of the writers, her named is kara or kiara? idk i was close now kara could actually kill her lol  kara be like fuck all yall LMAO not sunkissed he deserves better thats a felony in every region of the world i saw at least 10 messages of HERO 2 DS 2 me (: no the all caps on Lu OMFG ANSWER MY QUESTION, ASSHOLES so wtf was the point of the survey if they are only answering the questions from the chat i need to pay ppl in crypto to ask my question not drake being similar to hunter how old was bartie? in all seriousness its been bugging me the timeline is so screwy like im not trying to troll this time, because i just want an accurate timeline https://tenor.com/view/dh9511dh-head-banging-on-the-wall-gif-13355825 live look at metta lmao too soon 9.0 on the mettascale? lol madeleine x kiara pb would call it a day LMAO welp no more spin-offs NOW ANSWER MY QUESTION drake and liam is not a hard decision team liam .img asian liam hawt lol they said that for others and it never happened. probs they change their minds lmao looooool true i just have low expectations, dont want to get my hopes up TNA: the crown is mine
TRR: :samhelpme: wait did the stream die? damn it macbook lol the open heart wedding is rhe surrender book whatchu talking about looool Lu: surrender will have 30 chapters. get ur diamonds ready!!! https://tenor.com/view/money-throwing-it-away-throw-away-ocean-leonardo-dicaprio-gif-4933607 dirty 30s are now 10 diamonds yea sounds like the TRR writers need a long ass vacation thanks i wont sleep tonight yall are emote  hungry lmao :teeheemichael: :pixelbartie: :bartiemad: "wow so yall didnt answer any of my questions" MOOD :redhotblaine: :pixelbartie: babu spin off look at u all thriving babu x trr x Oh LMAO ethan forever trapped in edenbrook https://tenor.com/view/thanos-meme-marvel-that-is-destiny-fulfilled-gif-15104222 Wait until I show u La traffic Size of the traffic :heheadrian: U go 3 miles in 3 hours LMAO LMAO Nope I wouldnt ride the bus Strong, stable, high functioning We could have had a bullet train in California But nooooo Thx republicans :pixelbartie: They overused mate so many times in the game lol Hop was annoying All I got from hop was u know my brother Leon? For the billionth time yes B and W and B2 and W2 had some of the best storylines :FrogHeya: This one is adorable lol our new calling card :Im_Out: ayeeee :pepehands: :Alice_evil_smile: ,img Blaine Pokmon Leave the dead man alone lmao happy hour with coworkers food drinks parties shenanigans Pizza flavored soda Soda flavored pizza Lol 2 Pumpkin pie >>>> Love how my boss doesnt want to give Black Friday off :aislame: :ruserious: :ruserious: 

but all my coworkers are pissed and pushed back on him. Love to see coworker solidarity Employers give Black Friday off unless ur in some industries like healthcare, etc. Last year we got it off. So its inconsistent Is thanksgiving this Thursday for u? Celebrate with ur American people  lol We got Turkey and desserts I have him Jk Do I want to use Charlie, Yvette, imogen or carter or Kayden? Hmmm :samhelpme:  i can change my role icon nice banner that looks legit yes please! once sec one* here he is! let me find them for olivia her default outfit? and same for gaius? i gotta build both okay oh gaius has the king body interesting :CandidCarter: eeepp! thank you! do you want smiling gaius or neutral expression Gaius? i think top one looks better alrighty this one! thank you! here's gai-boo! his asset is tough to build, i hope you like it and Olivia is remaining? i have this for Olivia if Pri wants her in another outfit, I can do so @Priyudi come get ur queen np! with our LI flairs and all lol it is the holiday season everyone but sonia and bastien is smiling lolz they are judging me lol LMAO for level up we could do uwu Thx god I convinced my boss to give us Black Friday off Snoowwwwww Oh im surprised you haven't talked about tumble there was some controversial stuff said at the fb page i remember it happened during mftl wolf bride, etc funny u mention that, because i def seen some create fake profile just for the choices fandom and then go off with their opinions lol https://tenor.com/view/the-simpsons-homer-simpson-homer-good-bye-bye-gif-3611799 PB be like im surprised PB has not turned off their comments section, I remember they made several PSAs about the comments true I never understood the  straight dudes argument. Like i can play as a female Mc no prob Some of my fav series are gender locked Them: notice me PB!
PB: nooooo Whyyyyy I have seen the same for Lis like Skye Yep Im stopping all of u Lol What did u get me for Xmas bel? Favorite person in the world I mean its going right next to the Liam, Kayden, Yvette, Charlie and other body pillows Playing as poppy Poppy: these peasants PB: yall hear something? Colt Whats up :samhelpme: Yay Which reddit discord? I feel like theres 5 of them Ah :worrysip: Yall hiring Frat Cuz u know everyone needs accountants *gives 30 diamonds* Aite fess up https://tenor.com/view/kronk-emperors-new-groove-its-all-coming-together-gif-12813012 Looks like a vampire lol Oliver Connor Raydan Watch ur mom start playing choices Lol What happens if she likes the books u dont like tho Lol My mom would be like Metta ur an idiot Im some LI is so hot Yes Just remember if Carter becomes a LI Greatest accomplishment for Metta Non-LI needs to be a LI Jeeez that dude needs to chill If I were pb support I would tell him theres 10339293 other games. Play them Imagine wasting this time to complain Write a fanfic or whatever No Lo lol PB better pay their interns well then Watch that same person create burner accounts #cursed-chat U made the ||melons bigger || Basically HR or recruiter MM, QB and BB Yall rang? Add them :worrysip: Off topic but I think my Fitbit is broken I dont wear it to bed and it records data but like Im not wearing :butwhy: https://tenor.com/view/nascar-fontana-gif-5219459  it was fun while it lasted I got all 4 out when I was 16 Not fun and my face was swollen like a chipmunk for a week or so Not having chocolate pudding for breakfast ever again Also the worst part is making sure the holes left by the wisdom teeth are cleaned out properly with the sryinge Lmao Never in life have I done so many salt water rinses U will be fine lmao Thankfully I was knocked out for mine My friend did his awake and Im like whyyy Knock me out good doctor I made sure of it too Thats the best nap u will ever take Cuz u feel like u slept for 8 hours  or so The delusion is amazing I dont miss braces The prep for that is torture though Lmao Oof No endoscopy? LMAO two different things The prep for colonoscopy is hell Liquid diet and lax Not fun Lol Poor Lu Yay no more poop Time to knock u out :worrybonk: Dude I would have thrown up Lol Lol The fun times as a nurse Because of the Covid patients? Are u replacing Dr Fauci? Instead of the fauci ouchie is it the Lu Exilir? Lol Double up my pay Run me my money Have u gotten ur booster shot? U got Moderna as ur base? Lucky I had JnJ So I was like gimme that Moderna booster asap When I went for my vaccine back in April they are like haha we have only have JnJ Im like :ianwhyyyyyy: :ianwhyyyyyy: JnJ was terrible. I got all the side effects Body aches, fever, muscle pain Headaches The booster was a walk in the park compared to my shot Only had arm pain, fatigue and some ache Yea nobody had any symptoms in my house Yay Which one I havent had Japanese food in a long time Jealous Wait Did u get ur first shot? Oh okay Cool cool We got Thai food the first time Pad see Lew Best thing ever I miss sushi and teriyaki chicken  There used to be a mom and pop Japanese takeout shop at my old job. Best Japanese food I ever had It was $6 too for a plate SF - lunch here cost like $15-20 easily Unless u go to the small hole in the wall places or further out from downtown Burritos in the mission were $8 and they were amazing Super expensive $3,000 a month to rent a decent apartment downtown With the e possibility of no laundry and no parking Lmao One former coworker straight up sold her car to live in at Atlanta sounds great My friend was bragging about rent being $1,000 Lmao Oh Pri $1,000 per year in sf is living in a cardboard box Under the freeway Also demand to move places everyone wants to be Never been to PA  Lol Ur dad lives next to his boss? Awks My boss lives in the same city as me and I cringe if I ever see him in public One of my old bosses is my neighbor but hes an exception lmao cuz hes cool Not really lmao He cant pay me full time Lmao Lmao My current boss: we need to bill clients and get more money! And increase our fees! 

Also my boss: so I bought some apartments to rent out to ppl Wtf How good we talking Lmao its cuz we dont talk about the good parts What about retirement? Nice! Yes invest in Roth! Tax free shit Lol 2nd base is like making out Hold on U gotta tell me what u knew it as Cuz then that shit has changed One of us Weiss is one of us Im so happy I can be a 5g hotspot now Is that like the 3 stooges? This looks wholesome :raifepain: :raifepain: :raifepain: I dont have time unfortunately at the moment:( Sorry  :0 Yay Im evil Santa Jk Hot take: carrot cake is not the vibe Red velvet better No :bartiemad: Greeen could be the grinch I mean it can holiday grinch, it works :butwhy: :sadhours: Stop Let me get a good idea in  SPL: Holiday Vibes #discord-suggestions-and-requests  there Feel better Mara! Lmao Get some rest 2022 is the year for happiness and everything good 2021 was evil I got weddings to attend to in 2022 No more negative energy plz Lu did a rain dance and boom rain Yikes All my favorites Lmao u dont Goku was one of my favorite characters growing up and anteater is the name of my college mascot I just combined the two lol lol More creative than my discord user name originally lol Which version of Drake did u romance? :supbrah: That was so long ago I remember everyone except Mc and Olivia died Yea Fixed lol :ianwhyyyyyy: Leaving everything out there eh Do u have an account from before? Love how I was putting up Xmas lights on the roof and mama Metta almost killed me by folding the ladder underneath me Lmaoooo She realized mid folding and straightened it out Ur boy got grip Also hung onto the tile I would prob break carters back Cant do that when hes going to the nfl :garbryce: I vaguely remember hearing about it :worryhey: :worryhey: Loooool Kamilah is winning 49% Ethan in second and Liam in this Third I see my name, I respond Love to see that They are asking on ig too Kamilah may win Congrats Frat! if MLF charges a fee for her server red flag to the boonies, now shes profiting and thats worse Me eating chipotle Pasta Or order pizza Clam chowder TNA is carrying choices revenue https://tenor.com/view/mr-krabs-dive-money-rich-spongebob-gif-10015747 PB after TNA 2 My image TNA MC - the Queen We stan The books may be short but PB be like yes gurl, get that $$$ for us Lmao Love triangle for TNA 3 Make it happen Dude Ben and Reed! Nice! Love both Lol When in doubt, I trust my random wheel picker Awww Two peas in a pod, look at u two besties My boss: today we are doing the  lunch meeting and we are not talking about work 

Also my boss: so has your projects coming along? 

Ajdwjsheuew :ianwhyyyyyy: :samhelpme: I could have eaten my lunch in peace Me: is there one for Carter grass? I didnt realize the voice actor for Bob was the same voice actor for sterling archer Amazing show y = Metta I win 4 :sphealRollFast: Proofs in geometry Fun times Looool only ended on Twitter Unless Facebook, IG and other platforms ended too Glad Kamilah won FB is flooded with people commenting Ethan Dont know about IG IG is also Ethan RIP to the intern who has to count the votes But Im thinking Kamilah wins it Lmao at the comment who the f voted Ethan And then below someone commented Ethan Low key I would consider it if they served breakfast food like eggs and waffles Did a midnight show a couple of times. So worth it Everyone is enthusiastic then I saw the last Star Wars movie early release Worth it I love the vibes Fancy movie theaters where they serve others than hot dogs and popcorn hit different :0 I have to watch Harry Potter as well tbh Is anyone gonna see the new spider man movie Its so good Man the last movie i watched in theaters was Bad Boys 3 Its weird I dont miss the movie theater Looool I heard theres gonna be more spider man movies after this https://tenor.com/view/spiderman-dance-cool-gif-14425327 oof good luck dont miss finals or tests My friend who used to work at DQ told me the horror stories of how the food was made. He said to only have the ice cream and fries lmao McDonalds tenders slap tho Oreo McFlurry >>>> I havent had Taco Bell in years Yes $1 margaritas are dangerous In California we get chips and salsa lmao Ugh arbys Ur not missing much Sonic is dope af McDonalds breakfast is the goat. McGriddles, pancakes, and hash browns Cinnabon cinnamon roll Stuff from heaven :ianwhyyyyyy: It does now Back then I was like yum The rolls from Red Lobster are god tier Jack in the Box tacos are underrated My college had the taco bell kfc split restaurant Now my college across the street has Taco Bell, chick fil a , in n out and chipotle right near each other What Why Noooooo  U know what I miss having? TGIF I had the fish and chips there Yum Anyone had Korean bbq? Havent heard of it Its mainly local kbbq places here All u can eat Yum Bulgogi is my jam Or visit California I welcome it I would love to visit DC in the winter I have been twice One in the summer and one in fall Fall trip@was way better Look into the contiki tours Fun times Yes it is Lmao Are u gonna go to Italy to take that fountain pic Portugal is underrated I have only visited England Need to visit more I need to vacation in Mexico one of these days Too many trips to Jamaica lol I got Japan, France, Spain, Italy, Mexico, and Brazil on my list Im@used to Jamaica mosquitoes, so give me some off spray and Im alright That shit dont work lol My grandpa used to do that Im like just douse me in off spray Whatever works Lmao I know west coast  Sad to hear whats happening in Kentucky  I used to Live in Florida Orlando is good for universal studios and Disney world Miami is fun Oh #bots-and-pets-uwu Cora? The dog water lady? Its like British Ethan Lol Go find ur British Ethan yall Lol Lmao Britney Spears - childhood crush Her toxic song is one of the best Im a fan of Britney Spears  Free Britney yall Shes engaged I hope shes happy Her dad is terrible They are?!? Good kids DBZ is amazing https://tenor.com/view/dragon-ball-power-up-super-saiyan-goku-gif-14402261 I can hear this The conservatorship wa bad I was bitter Zoey 101 was cancelled Lmao I stopped following her after show got cancelled Lmao oh man Which books? :gasp: Well u brought it up Now im curios Dont be shy LeVar Burton from reading rainbow would be proud Nice So whos the alpha, beta and omega. Ethan, Everett, Reagan :aliceevil: Thats up to u I didnt know it was a mafia book Lmao Reagan in shambles I should read more tbh But I use choices as my excuse lmao Nice Are u off this week? How U feeling about that? Excited? Questions in medical field are important I dont mind questions in accounting but I want the person who is learning to try to suggest a solution before doing it u know? Fo sho I sometimes ask the person to tell me in simple terms what does this shit do. Once they explain right, then they are good to go. Dont say according to rule 1939494 Looooool Like u cant regurgitate info from the rules to clients. They are not gonna like it Gotta talk the lingo Lmao Yes Like people would hate me if I mentioned the various types of income and went on about the rules Or cite forms and they have no clue what it is Oof people lack soft skills and empathy and it shows My boss has like no soft skills Him being empathetic is like robotic. Theres no authenticity I dont like how people are entering jobs for the $$ Like ur gonna end up hating t It No amount of $$ is gonna mask ur dislike for it Professor Samuel Kingsley- PhD in sociology specializing in people, love and relationships Happy Birthday Adam! Take care Mara i star this but poppy it is cuffing season mrs officer weeeeeoooowweooooo weeeoooooweeeeeoooooo like a cop car I wish I was 6 ft  CONGRATS WE GOT A BADASS STUDENT IN THIS SERVER! Put some respect on Aarons name! Lucky I win Dope Is anyone going to watch the new spider man movie? Nice! Im trying to avoid spoilers cuz I heard the movie is a trip Probs on Disney plus, theaters limiting things atm Two people mentioned Gigi But Sonia is a LI.. I cant tell if yall are joking :oooooohhhhhhh: :oooooohhhhhhh: :oooooohhhhhhh: :ethonks: I will remove the old ethonks The only play on words I did was make a Metta bot with Metta lol Lol Metta Jr aka MJ? Nice I heard it was really good My fav out of the three so far is homecoming  Oh hey thats how ppl irl greet me these days :waitwha: :CandidCarter: The people love carter lol But Sienna is great too Finale is gonna be close I feel Aurora and Olivia is gonna be close Yea, nail biter for sure it's 42 degrees today and cloudy. I love it Just make California its own country. The US would collapse without it State of Lincoln? Lmao CONGRATS! Morning work meetings are the bane of my existence Every day we discuss the same thing like twice. Dont become an accountant yall i can hear the ban hammer coming out 3 more hours and finally Im on vacation What a journey Gotta write a book about that We get paid in bitcoin from discord. Dogecoin is the one Pri. What? That is a cardinal sin Chocolate is amazing. So does that mean u dont like chocolate ice cream? Or chocolate pie? :pepeArriveLeave: Lmao Thank you Wait yall tell me yall like fries please. Fries are from the gods Cuz its comfort food homie I thought ur name was || _______ || Just admit yall are besties Bet I mean not wrong I mean least favorite is gotta be me :CandidCarter: Honestly good answer If anyone puts Metta as least favorite, I will star it :CandidCarter: What kind of beer we talking here? :poggers: Down Good Tastu Do you remember when Facebook did a top friends list? Good times I would spam peoples wall on Fb IT WAS Ugh insta do better I see two of the emotes I created being used. I love it Shoutout to TNa for the inspiration :butwhy: :sadhours: :samhelpme: :samwtf: :waitwha: :youwot: :oooooohhhhhhh: :eyesofdesire: 

The TNA emote collection It goes down in the DM No his name is Perry now Dont read mine! Jk I didnt submit one Mara has a fan club Metta still exists.yes! Shhhhh I still live lol I wish We dont speak of that It was beet juice Yes I mean it said to be honest lmao Drew: the Mara simp? Honor or honour? Hmmmm Honor Or color or colour? Fries or crisps? Feet or meters? Heels hurt more than knives lets be real Living by yourself is true freedom No lie Im excited for my friends indian wedding What about money) The state vs Metta Spoiler alert: Metta wins When did u pay lmao Thats not what the court said :samhelpme: Feel better Lu Lmao I knew someone who fell asleep in vc one time Them: ohhh its a vc sleepover! Got it Wait really The more I know Drew: Lu u there? 

Lu: .. Huh Lol Thanks still have it lmao never forget Bel killed the emote contest blurred lines classic i havent seen that song in a long time Those are fighting words Who said that I guess Drew wants more TRR emotes then Hes gotta find a funny Tatum emote then So happy when people use my emotes :pepeHands: :CandidCarter: Is it a fair price tho? $55 for beer? 21 is a stupid drinking age rule So $42 Not bad When your dream of being a professional basketball player may come true :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: I dont have a sister. Layhurs wants to see Manu in the new year It has already :pepehands: Happy New Year everyone! I logged onto work after vacation. And Im looking at my screen and going nope not doing this Shoutout to my boss for fumbling the beginning of the tax season Blame remove BG :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :angrysam: Me at BG for ruining my art Im not gonna lie, PB has blessed  ppl with so many emote ideas with these TNA ads *sees food*

Must eat 

-Hunger Never forget the whole bullshit of them saying heritage not hate as their excuse for flying the confederate flag They cant mind their own business Love how my internet provider decided to have an outage RIP internet Yup, comcast, xfinity. Diff name same beast Tbh idk lmao Tbh I rarely get any internet outages This is prob the first in like half a year Money Matt: so Lu theres this diamond necklace I got u so uh. Yea https://tenor.com/view/backing-you-get-yours-danny-devito-danny-devito-gif-13052176 Would yall appreciate a handmade gift or money? Family: I made this handmade gift for u

Me: screw that give me money Like I get either money or clothes from family Out of context can be wild Do tik tok instead Instant $$$$ Patient: help me

Lu: so anyways Patient: .. Lu: so that patient got transferred out, so back to the topic of patient care https://tenor.com/view/the-office-coffee-spilled-coffee-back-to-work-gif-12423702 Men Ur either Metta or ur not Metta https://tenor.com/view/letterwriter-whitechicks-writeletter-complaint-bbb-gif-6231508 Im surprised theres not a lot of Neville longbottom stans Someone just post a pic of the man I never read the Harry Potter books. I only watched the last two movies lmao Like in Star Wars? July 27th for me Jk Oh damn nice September 31st 9/31 Lmao Didnt the wedding happen already? Oh. Fine LMAO Hahahahha Married to the game Drew arent u perry Phunny todays Arent u married to andro and Rashon? Sooooo Yea Tfti for the wedding btw Shhhhh Dont go spilling the secrets Night Server milf or mommy? :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: Lmao I like my roles Wholesome Despite it all he was still smiling Adulthood is inevitable, do not recommend:( Heh school  Hang out with Lu Also law school Skydiving is fun 10/10 recommend L&M or M&L Lumara: where did I get my name from? 

Lu: u see child Are u part of the Lu fan club? Or ur typing? Bungee jumping is a must too Actually dont do bungee jumping I had a classmate who did skydiving for fun. She had her license and all But roller coasters are fun Story time if u want to share Oof I used to be scared of upside down roller coasters cuz the amusement park here had rides stuck. And one of my fears was being stuck upside down :samhelpme: Yall ever go on those slingshots rides that take u up and down super fast Lmao What is going on and how an I involved Uhhhhh idk put me down as an A cup lmao if u want then This channel has become spl - after dark Nice LMAO Man boobs I just laughed out loud super hard cuz my boss messed up on something Lmao My mom was like wtf when I laughed Its a fun time Self love is the best love. Remember each of yall is one of a kind and yall are special My OG name Yay pub Loooool Awwww Pri and Mara are besties confirmed Layhurs over here acting likes hes 65 :kek: But what about layhurs Layouts is Layhurs evil twin Ur dad is 56 Pri? Damn,  u want a tree or something or a nba player lmao Lmao some of my friends are They are reserved until its shot o clock or they are at the bars Tequila does That Middle school is the dark ages, we dont talk about middle school Im curious did u call elementary school primary school? I have heard of it? College Metta is laughing My high school English teacher senior year legit said to get drunk at home before going off to college https://tenor.com/view/its-fun-to-do-bad-things-bad-things-fun-kid-gif-4322931 Some people call it short girl energy, I call it scary hours What Prison Mike is the smartest jerk alive No cap I give u 3 guesses :kek: 52 ,img amarkhanda Murica! Ethan Ramsey reagan thorne ian kingsley everett flynt raliegh carrera all said to go to sleep Pri ur an American Congrats https://tenor.com/view/america-hurricane-happy4th-of-july-america-flag-independence-day-gif-21259025 We would have parent teacher conferences in the afternoon During that time, school only lasted till like noon 8-2:10 is like elementary school time in my area My school emailed them to us So school got not chill :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: Happy Birthday @Raven !!! Pie is life https://tenor.com/view/mmm-pie-pie-the-simpsons-simpsons-homer-gif-18994355 Snape eating pie sounds like hes living the good life I like that Lol Does it hold true today? Ahhh Coachella I miss u Not really feeling the lineup tho :/ But the house music lineup is nice Is 2am a group still? My friend loved them hardcore Yep Wow they have been going on for a while now @Priyudi Pri ur salad post inspired me to get a salad for lunch today :KEK: Trendsetter Ask reddit never fails to make me laugh Love how fedex said my package is out for delivery today and just 5 mins ago they changed my status from out for delivery to pending :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: Bad bad fedex :oooooohhhhhhh: loool own it I broke my diet today and I have no regrets I missed u French fries :Duffyevil: :Duffyevil: Im down to date one U make it sound like Im dating Jeff bezos or Elon musk lol Kio wants us to eat the rich Would u? Lol Is a pound of meat $10? And the price varies depending on the celebrity? Im sure a new platform will make@tik tok outdated in like 5 years Then its another cycle :supbrah: U ask that question, but Im sure theres someone who is gonna buy it lmao I can see Kanye selling this kind of meat tbh Yeezy meat :waitwha: Layhurs did the math Renew it  :samhelpme: True How many boosts do we lose? :samhelpme: :oooooohhhhhhh: whats lesson one? Zombie book is today Pie only :angrysam: seeing your favorite sports team struggle does that to you  Did u choose a song though? https://tenor.com/view/thriller-michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5577709 Open ur channel for ppl to message I made like 20 of them lmao Shoutout to Sam Dalton for being my emote inspiration Lol Wait Mara is Maria now? :JudgeyJen: :oooooohhhhhhh: :oooooohhhhhhh: wrong sign and age, but i wouldn't mind being 26 again lol Off topic but is anyone here having issues with fedex being delayed delivering their packages? I ordered perishable items and its been sitting in one of their warehouses for a few days. Was supposed to get come early this week but they never updated me on it That warehouse is near my location so idk whats up but some updates or reason as to why they delayed would be nice :pepehands: :pepehands: i did, their service is not great they gave me a case and nobody reached out for an update it's automated when they said it would not be you dont have the mac mouse do you? oh okay I felt like I worked a full day, its not even 11am yet :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :KEK: https://tenor.com/view/smort-smart-peralta-gif-5914562 One step at a time for him I didnt know Mara had the server grandpa role too Aku Go study Im a goat Bring back WTD back U gonna ignore ms match? My boss would hire u right now The vip subreddit got crazy too People need to relax Delays happen Hiatuses happen :KEK: Wait the FBI is here? I did nothing illegal Yet I call it distribution of wealth Gave it to the people who need it I regret nothing Lu is the queen of smut. Nobody else compares This hurts more than can u think I played the video game with that megazord involved On the Super Nintendo. Wait Drew i didnt know u were Maxwells favorite squid Thats adorable Awww We stan *Adore* fixed that for u buddy Are u drakes bff too? Pffft ask me if Im afraid of jail :pika: bel do i convert to discord light to see ur name now amole? oh one of my friends got engaged at disneyland and posted it on insta everyone in my circle migrated from fb to insta It wouldnt be posted on insta lmao Cant wait for 2/22/22 :oooooohhhhhhh: :oooooohhhhhhh: PB didnt need to apologize, I understand hiatuses happen. The book is always gonna be there As long as its enjoyable then it fine with it dont mind me layhurs speak ur piece I enjoy the stories PB produces. I play it cuz its fun. I cant imagine ppl going in meltdown mode constantly whenever there is a delay or a hiatus. Like they need to relax and take a breath Like use your energy elsewhere Sofia is gonna get with Robin - happy ending achiever 20 diamonds to hook em up Lmao blame Pb Lmao Not me boosting the black customizable LIs numbers Lol huh Internalized racism is something to talk #poc-chat if we are gonna continue this plz Yall be doing the most at parties. Im just taking shots and eating the food Fireball Is my go to Fireball and coke https://tenor.com/view/brain-same-wavelength-twins-thinking-cosmic-energy-gif-15106217 Dont worry enough shot and the dance floor aint ready Its a good combo trust Noooo I mean chase fireball with coke lmao Natty light and Bud light are water Not beee lol Let me live lmao Patron is my homie U mean the Cyrus clones Lmao Lord knows I need it for tax season I remember u said u would buy me a bday gift :CandidCarter: Ooo bday weekend shenanigans? Lmao The sleaZy label lmao someone at PB didnt like Maxwell Sonia Alves in shambles Do you all prefer tater tots or French fries? I have a debate going on with a buddy saying which one people prefer more Nice Thats how I feel too https://tenor.com/view/tots-tater-tots-gif-12499623 Made of potato Aka I want to try a tater tot Its like hash brown curled into a ball Its good :samhelpme: Steak fries tho Nom Oooo better question Hash browns or tater tots? Lol Eggs, hash browns, bacon and waffles Best breakfast Voltra U wound me Baked potato underrated too Lu gets me Potatoes are essential for brunch Trust I finished my team meeting at work In person? Nice Ayo nice Sweet potato fries LMAO Chipotle sauce? Yall ever dipped ur fries in a milkshake Cuz u aint living until u do that :samhelpme: Yea :0 My milkshake brings all the Chick fil as milkshake is amazing Lmao Nice This chick fil a reminds me of this one video Awww https://youtu.be/usBnRJS4Lss 

It reminds me of this video I feel like have as well The same person made one for Popeyes and I died watching it cuz its true They do their creativity is top tier Yes gaius in shambles lol *Gaius will remember that* :KEK: When your prediction of the super bowl winner comes true. :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: Not sure if theres any rams fans but congrats! But I didnt send anyone roses :waitwha: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: No :samhelpme: U gotta ask them not me lol PB said i would get a 3 book series :samhelpme: Taxes and Microsoft excel are my valentines this year Its a one sided thing but Eh The IRS called and they wanted to audit ur empire. Did u file ur taxes Perry? PB is hiring yalll go write stories for them Throw ur name in the hat Demand a six figure salary and all the perks Lmao It was 12 iirc I just know a lot of ppl didnt know the book Drew be like: friendship ended with Voltra. Now Aku is bestie Happy National Margarita Day! https://tenor.com/view/margaritas-cocktails-cinco-de-mayo-gif-21303352 And Margarita day I would love one they look good Actually all Feel better Pri! Get some rest Maybe nap for 10 mins, then see if u have some energy to bathe Like quick shower and all Happy birthday @sarabee ! Now get yourself a slice of peach mango pie Isnt this a spoiler? We found a spoiler in no spoiler zone :kek: :kek: :kek: 

:reaganhelpme: :brohelp: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: Tag yourself  mines hollow I feel like every time I sit in a chair i tend to have one leg on the seat and the other leg sitting over it? Does that happen to anyone? Just me? Okay cool Yea I cant have two legs on the floor Im so used to having one there Lmao Is frat team Eli or team Troy? Or both Nice Lmao Hes a good LI Slow burn but good for sure Slow burn Off topic, but todays wordle was lulz Mara nice art They blocked pb? Pero why Another spoiler in no spoiler zone :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: personally i always look at what's at the top first while im in discord lol Happy International Womens Day everyone! Discord is back! Wordle 263 3/6



 :CandidCarter: Something random but happy National Wedding Plan day!?? Thx society for making me feel 5ever alone lmao Wordle 264 4/6




 You and your dude are in sync Post it ? Umm Wanna explain bel Ehhhh they dont. I wouldnt make a joke like that unless you know them really well but even then man Theres a share button on the webpage.. Wordle 266 3/6



 #Heardle #15



https://heardle.app Too easy America Wordle 267 4/6




 Wordle 268 5/6





 Wordle 269 5/6





 Close one Wordle 270 6/6






 I hated it so much Wordle 271 6/6






 Ugh I hated how simple it was Wordle 272 6/6






 Wordle 274 5/6





 Hi How are you Doing alright! I have been playing Pokmon brilliant diamond. I need to finish it ahhaa Im at the 6th gym Same! Isnt it coming out this year? Diamond is cool its fun I forgot how time consuming it is ugh that is another beast place takes forever i have never played a kirby game how fun are they  oh man i missed out i mainly played mario never played odyssey i heard it was good i tried breath of the wild - but zelda games take forever to complete idk the one zelda game i completed was twilight princess np no :samhelpme: lol im sory lMAO bet yes! loved that game also the first galaxy one this reminds me of mario party tbh If yall played Mario strikers Ayeee Mario tennis was my jam Wordle 275 4/6




 Wordle 277 4/6




 Hello! :CharmanderHi: Wordle 278 4/6




 Hi :CharmanderHi: :peepoClap: :oooooohhhhhhh: :oooooohhhhhhh: :oooooohhhhhhh: Its 75 degrees and sunny with no clouds in my area Yet Im inside working on taxes  Dont be an accountant folks how's the cookbook ? chicken and waffles sound good same with the honey bun cake omg delicious https://tenor.com/view/pokemon-charmander-happy-gif-5393998 Yay I got a giant mousepad, its been going strong for 2 years now Happy Ace Day! :worrysip: :CharmanderHi: But Im actually online :samhelpme: :angrysam: Prob talking about this OST with the 13k views 

https://youtu.be/l1R2ukPIvhM Yall are really crossing over to 18+ stuff. Take this to #cursed-chat It would be very ironic if he loved m&ms Because those come in all sorts of colors Seeing some of my friends posting IG stories at Coachella is giving me FOMO  Lucky I miss it lol Its fun. The weather isnt bad. Mid 80s which is nice for the desert Years ago Like 2016 Could never go since its happened during tax season Do it Worth every penny love it when my work pc breaks down Lol i guess it's a sign to go out and not work today Way to invite us to the wedding too  :samhelpme: Go for it The city of Gaius Where it alll began Lol yes The more important question is Did she say yes? 16, still have that console the game crashed on me at chapter 3 -________- Yea During one of the premiums Happy Stars War Day yall https://tenor.com/view/may-the4th-may-the-fourth-may4th-star-wars-day-may-the-force-be-with-you-gif-16901756 2 :whatusaykami: :worrysip: :oooooohhhhhhh: Ouch That paywall tho Screenshot the article bruh, the public wants to read it Yay My icon is back :CandidCarter: Thx Pri But are u the oldest staff? :oooooohhhhhhh: All of the sudden my nitro is expiring. lol Lol my nitro isnt expiring yall can relax Im just server daddy at this point paying child support lmao :samhelpme: Not true :peepoClap: Hmmmmm Ur first legal drink should be a shot of patron Tequila is amazing but it depends on which brand u tried Party mood Happy 21st birthday voltra! @unforgivablespelling Ayeee great choice! How was it? Water and food are key Olivia says 8-9 hours of sleep is ideal Money I wish I was drunk https://tenor.com/view/forrest-gump-running-me-when-im-late-tom-hanks-gif-5144739 I remember cracking my toenail in half one time This warrants story time https://tenor.com/view/steve-harvey-huh-what-confused-unsure-gif-4751998 The nurse Hahahahah Oh man Thankfully nothing was broken College I remember we had a chipotle, in n out, chick fil a and Taco Bell all next to each other Whats a campus :samhelpme: When u see Pixelberry hiring for a position in your field lol Im using my iPhone and I see it.. Happy birthday @faede !!!! Hope your birthday is amazing and will be the best one yet! I told Discord to get its life together and hence u can see it on mobile HAPPY NATIONAL HAMBURGER DAY https://tenor.com/view/eatwhatyouwant-patrick-star-burgers-gif-4131428 https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/giada-de-laurentiis/chocolate-pizza-recipe-2012094 chocolate pizza Drew the Asiansensation Metta991 :CharmanderHi: Cursed Heart - Bee
Immortal Desires - Metta
The Princess Swap - Sarah 
TNA 3 - Lu And when were our wedding invitations? Also where Yall just spamming stickers and emotes eh? Lol Earth is flat Jk Ping her Ludar :CharmanderHi: 0 had everything on here except escargot  Sam Dalton in shambles :samhelpme: I like it lmao The smut is smut but I found it a fun read Book 2 is similar to book 1 but slightly not as fun as book 1 Book 3 is solid and its gonna pick up in the next two weeks Not Pb calling ppl out Happy Birthday Mara! Happy National Girlfriend Day to my- oh wait nvm :samhelpme: Truuuuu Whoever invented air conditioning I love u and u deserve all the good things in the world *hides Rayquaza* Kieran looks excited to be here Ur either at a wedding, friends bday party or a baseball game So are you Ariana the Asian Sensation? Happy Birthday! One more hour until my 3 day weekend starts Its 105 here I win Chicken feet is where its at Thank you! Thank you Fae! Thank you! Thank you Milque! Thank you! Happy birthday Kio! Thanks Drew! Thank you Pri! Happy Birthday @AhmedDarkSlayer ! Yes I have the 2019 MacBook Pro The 21st night of September! While Chasin the clouds away In the key that our souls were singin that last one looks like OH 3 Where my Jackie stans at Lmao Yes The subreddit is ridiculous these days I posted this And it got deleted Wtf Like no other post was there Ridiculous My memes get deleted for no reason Yea I dont mind others romancing other LIs I just dont want people to attack others personally For a choice Got it Personally I friend zone beckett Shreya was where its at Lmao Lmao Shreya So underrated Griffin too What? That happened? Thats messed up, sorry that happened @ Wooooow I dont like them Ethan stan trolls I would have cussed that user out I saw that Forget them They can create their Ethan shrine and be toxic Do what on reddit? Your meme Was gold on reddit Lol Firework has an army Ready to go Lol Like that one time Lol I have my fists Awwww I will be official popcorn watcher Seeing the asskicking i used to live in new york lmao lol yea when i was like 3 lived in long island then florida then norcal from like i was 6 till now i think ? PB would chase it Hey Ray! cool young professional I post here and there Mainly memes That sometimes get taken down  Yea they took a turn over there Lol I passive-aggressively down vote every Drake, Ethan and Beckett post  Agreed Like Im not a fan of them Yea I felt like those three are forced Drake was super forced in book 2 and beyond U could tell Pb wanted u to bank on the forbidden romance of drake Poor mason Teenager getting bodied by the fandom Lmao I remember I got into an argument with someone on the sub reddit They said a certain character had a brand new sprite And then I told that sprite was reused Its just a tanned version lol That art edits creep me out ? Oh I havent played d n d I just know Barties new sprite is a tanner version of Percival Richards from D n D Whyyyy Not my Cassian Noooo I need therapy And lots of eye bleach Yea no I need more eyebleach Cant unsee :OOF: Lmao Nightmare fuel Chaos is a ladder So many cursed images on tumblr Im like whyyy Those long ass fanfics Cause my phone to refresh I just want memes Not a life story  Im sorry that happened to u I make sure to skip it when I see those yes i do @spirits lily too from Bb Yes I see Sunkissed not being bad and realistic Personally I felt it was boring but I can see others enjoying it Witness? Lol jk Jen route? Hi Pri!!! Welcome back!  It was Monday but its okay  Thank you! No admins are mean to me  Jk No chaos just birthday cake lol Uh huh :MunchlaxMunch: :CharmanderHi: :BooParty: Im on a conference call and come back to chaos Hehehehe Make Pri queen again!  lol LOL i already had my nickname changed in spoiler land like 9933930 times :MunchlaxMunch: oh hey my name changed what was bday choas anyway lol i think we just played never i have ever that was fun oh lol i think i would have everyone be nicknamed Bartie lol everyone is prob glad that didnt happen lol looool jk  oh well 0_o  lol google translate is my friend but i feel like it messes things up i haven't heard a carly rae jepsen song in so long call me maybe was so catchy i need to fix a lot of things, but thats a different discussion lol lol i think i need to fix my humor too lol  ......... lol i mean i dont hate on it like others it like teenage emotions heightened up ? I dont like the new font....dafuq hhahaha still haven't heard of him joys of getting old  Zoey is my date to the gala People suck Thats why Zoey is a ride or die girl Yess She will Zoey stans have been waiting for this moment damn it Kamilah Yep That || outfit I saw...hngggg gorgeous|| Carter My handsome dude Make him an LI PB Yea I wish we had more Zoey scenes We deserved a 30 dirty with zoey Multiple times Yep Lmao I hope everyone is having a good day/evening. Its bedtime for me Had a glitch in TRR friendddssssssss i miss imogen but i dont want to kill imogen  >_< NB its missing vera hours oh god that sprite was nightmare fuel AME jen > every other LI imo np but jen is too sweet  i stan a sweet producer slater and biance are cool tho do itttt lol it lives in IRIS spooky season is coming but halloween is cancelled   lol worth a shot hayley :takemymoney: thats impossible to do lol his suit looks velvet lol No hands Ian YES hahahaha this is great bartie the demon child evolving YES you should post it on the sub the sub would get a kick out of this yea one of my posts got removed on the sub i posted how i wanted to spend diamonds to uninvite certain people at the wedding in TRR LOL nice i was proud of this meme https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/i8u81x/nadia_every_time_she_sees_steve/ the steve meme? yea i made the steve meme it was a tumble screenshot saying I would like to univite a certain LI from my wedding hold on hahaha if i post will i get in trouble lol I basically I wish PB would let usspend diamonds on seeing characters you do not like LMAO sorry drake fans yep omggg i love bertrand but not a fan of savannah wasnt it a mc x olivia fanfic i thought maxwell super early died i can confirm you killed bartie, the walkers, savannah, drake tho and barthelemy Hana survived u killed the baby?!? i thought she survived last time i read  lol i will endorse hayley lmao friendsssssss unitl bartie's revenge tour happens lmao who knew baby bump was it lives 3 madeline bradshaq isabella ummmm neville adelaide rip sofia mema well Bartie died hehehe he's ready for revenge runnnn oh boy no dont kill liam thats my king ughhhh  maxwell died lol LOL bartie had a brutal one :MunchlaxMunch: olivia is the murderer   jk i dont think i have read your fanfic pri ..... lol ray den dent - bartie :MunchlaxMunch: ? what is happening... lol is it fun tho lol will kill people lol ? lol who is the king/queen of cordonia then? Bertrand does Bertran reappear with golden spoons and lead cordonia into a 1,000 year of peace because it seems like all the great houses except Kiara, Penelope are dead you said he ran off...  is Kiara dead? please make Kiara queen  ohhh poor bertrand i will remember his stern yet sexy eyebrows lol sorry live by the spoon die by the spoon in my heart i know he lives and will take his place as cordonia's king then will marry kiara happily ever after lol it is but at least i can dream yea check out #creative-land cuz it's spooky season please dont kill kiara or penelope i blame savannah lol ummm well about that but she isnt alive in the fic either tell that to mara lol :MunchlaxMunch: this emote has a crown on his head :MunchlaxMunch: well i enjoyed Mara's fic yea amalas you mean person i shipper her with bertran Sonia from THM best enemies to lovers story sonia is perfection night  this is huge we are like huge supporters lol i mean voltra already outranks as peacekeeper me* i'm one of the exclusive super fans Yes Yes we are Hmmmm You can be Kenna spirits Kenna* Damn autocorrect Sure Nice Do it I had a hot dog And some sparkling water Oreos sounds good Lmao U would love cookies and cream ice cream With the Oreo bits Ice cream shops sell them  Lmao Not sure if ur area has rite aid Their ice cream hits the spot Its Friday Treat yourself Lol Starburts are my jam PB will resort to  Amelia if all else fails Its the same Amelia sprite... Yes They wont look like the sprite PB had no concept of what a baby looked like. They did a good job with the royal heir Thx god the daughter wasnt Bartie in a dress Bartie in itself is nightmare fuel Poor Bertrand Bartie and Amelia Im calling it now Lol I expect the worse to be honest of what the twins look like Bartie looked older than Rico tbh I think it was the clothes and hair And the bow tie The OG baby I remember someone got mad at me in the subreddit for saying I didnt like Bartie Still not a fan of  his new sprite So awkward Even worse He went from 8 months old to 8 years old Like a half tuxedo It is With the bow tie Like wheres he going with it U dont need a bow tie to work as my financial advisor lol Yea one of the few good things He now looks like a young officer duffy Im like  But I do miss seeing bertrand He was part of the old crew I have a feeling we will soon TRH 3 is going on a house tour Good night Night fellow super fan def dance with her now she's a magical professor asian ian is the best looking Ian imo excuse you, caucasian ina wants to speak to your manager LMAO who beheaded drake they need a medal too but poor MC  btw out of curiosity did anyone elope with drake? i have not seen playthrough that does that yea i always chose Liam cuz my MC deserves to be queen good choice  Omggggg I love latios Now I want to replay omega ruby Its cannon Latios is a legendary Pokmon ? All hail Queen Zoey Wade Mega latios One of my favorites Black 2 and white 2 The theme for Ns room Creeepy https://youtu.be/nmZ5pSjeQVc Nightmare fuel I guess Kamilah is not a fan of spooky season Lol Kamilah just need some encouragement more romance ms. match sounds like hitch im down hitch was a good movie 30 diamonds: hook up with best friend with the hottest ceo free: have them be single if you mean more sonia im down sonia is wifey watch justin will come back LMAO tfs had weird LIs except becca i should ask them why do they treat red heads so poorly  for bolas leave redheads alone  yea kate as well there's a pattern lol Thank you! Congrats @Belbercike  and @spirits! :niapanic: There were great emotes to choose from in the contest For 18 diamonds hooking up carter and Veronica was a steal Everyone Which series should I play next? I havent done:

MW
RCD
TC n TF
LH
ATV
DnD Just to name a few Also RoE Hmmm Gotcha That good? Yea  Not gonna lie I like the romantic comedies So LH can be entertaining But TRM takes the cake in humor Yea I think the line Unclean is the best one I love LH The crew is fun Brooke and sereena are gold Benji will make a return As creepy and as traumatic as he is. I feel like hes gonna be there Lol PB needs to stop a lot of things Yea lol night pri why did I have hot and sour soup knowing I don't handle spicy food well  im surprised they left off TRM PB be spoiling things now :bartiemad: Happy Halloween Dont worry yall Baby Bump 2 is coming to the rescue You know we should do a book club of some sort to entertain us Like pick a classic book to replay together and discuss i feel like a book club would be fun replay a book like one chapter a week and talk we could do a poll and include everyone's classics like ITLW or ILB, QB, TCTF, etc it's a classic in my heart I feel like foreign affairs May drop dec I remember people who were the upset back in June the only books available were witness, distant shoes and the nanny affair Lmao that was my post ahah How did only two Bartie sprites in a row trigger Uber bot make sure to vote for the book you want in the form! Its a mystery why they havent updated us on it yet Happy birthday! Happy Birthday! go Ava i can't help it but i keep seeing TRR MC as opposed to Ava because they are wearing the same outfit cassandra from baby bump :partay: :partay: :partay: Whats a Cassidy? uh? ? _ _ Is the old rival Landry? the pronoun mistakes were bad enough in english they are really brave for attempting another language Not even 5 mins in and Pb messing up translations Someone is speculating PB may release the VIP books like WEH and HC to everyone Lmao They should acknowledge my memes on reddit And art  LMAO Witness 2 Cassians revenge PB doesnt pay me enough I demand a raise others do it the people that leak on ig and tumblr ughhh i have it to read the drama and post occassionally on the confessions page Random question But if u all were to create a book for Pb based on the current characters/assets we have 1. Which MC would u choose
2. How many LIs? Who would be your LIs?
3. Who would be your villains?
4. What kind of plot you would have? Would you do a trilogy or a two book series? Interesting stuff was witness considered a romantic comedy never forget, pb wants users to pay 18 diamonds for mc to eat eggo waffles we needed to play as Cassian just to see their thoughts i have it i had to redownload the thing the royal heir is popular AME is top ten baby bump is popular lol bloodbound is top 10 OH top ten how is PM not top ten glad moty is popular RIP horror category they released HC to non vip now i think witness is top 10  jk LOL :dogekek: chaos Cordonian engineering only apples can fix it thanks Emi! TRM is one of my favs, underrated imo Lmao :dogekek: :garbryce: :bartiemad: No The ranch never existed I saw those downvotes Like yeesh Not everyone is gonna like ACOR I thought it was okay personally Great MC But eh Wasnt Marc pretty vicious in real life? My Roman history is fuzzy Lol I thought TRM would be a sequel But the ending was rushed cuz I guess it wasnt doing well I just love the transition from TRM To corn cob Cordonia = apple England Lol Cordonia in TRR was great Yea TRH like I mentioned had potential if it revolves around the heir Cuz it would have been nice to see the heirs perspective and what not Anyways I would love a it lives 3 and the elementalist 3 crossover I wonder what the chef book would be called? They love Cordonia NYC Boston Miami for AME ROD I miss it Okay Im deleting that I dont want Pb to get any ideas Dingos Gimme the dingos I added a smut book idea lmao NYC be hogging the spotlight Make a book taking place in Canada eh Thats so specific lmao :MunchlaxMunch: ^ Thank you! Thank you! Noooo I need to rescue Mona And see Logan And MC needs to graduate college MC becames a lawyer and gets Logans records and her friends records clean Pull a fast five and hide in Brazil :marafrogemoji: Chaos is a cult Pri is our leader Ahhhh :niapanic: :niapanic: :niapanic: Of course I would level up then...  Which game? Lol poppy beat out nia as favorite female Li? Loved bloodbound Good times :niapanic: Maybe in FA Where MC runs against mom lol I know one person simping for Bertrand And his golden spoons Dont mind me, inserting random emotes https://tenor.com/view/it-is-what-it-is-it-is-eet-eet-iz-iz-gif-17896182 Nice Lmao I feel like theres a multi verse theory in here somewhere Dixon = redfield yall Run I havent heard of vine in years Leos angry face has the look of confusion Not anger Ok yall Cutest angry sprite I vote for the corgi Ah dopey cat Lol I blame the parents for part of this Anton had substance Wasnt one dimensional TRR should have ended at book 3 However its one of PBs staples because royalty is popular And now its ongoing Witness MC god tier Lol Happy birthday @Arzaylea !!!!!! What about Maybugs? AprilBugs! Just like the alphabet game? Lol Oh Whoops :marafrogemoji: :garbryce: lmao royal finale part 1 :marafrogemoji: add Imtura to this confession as well   I remember that Skye had bad parents  I mean its a trend for sure Silas Had red hair I think :Dopeysurprised: I mean redfield took over that channel  :PBSeeIToldYouSo: Lmao Only 12% for Ayna Grrrrrr ? Oh lol Us: Pb cant get worse, can they? 

Pb: bet Mhm Jen young is the director for TRR Now I want to replay MM Aye :smart: :smart: :smart: :smart: WTF DID THEY DO TO MY JACKIE!?!?!? well Ethan's neck is a lot smaller now PB: who are those? why does new Ethan look like a mix of Ethan and Drake oooo tinfoil theory the order of LIs from front to back is the time we have with each LI

so Ethan first, bryce 2nd, jackie 3rd and raf 4th hmmmmmm and out in the courtyard we see Kyra and Sienna we evolve from the nanny affair to physician affair LMAO *shudders* with aurora and sienna you mean? PB keeps kicking me in the gut with that first the writers for ms match now they moved kyra away  aurora: "you are such a great friend, MC"
MC::Dopeysad: NOOOOOOOOOOOOO darn u PB :bartiemad: i mean we have some killer ideas lol lol LMAO oh dont worry it's gonna be ethan at the end of the book oh for sure Lol #let-it-go would be best Oh gotcha, here  is fine then i think choices knows there is a big market with the demographic hence why we see such a shift in their recent stories *cries in seeing carter from QB being reused in OH* I think its fans just speculating to speculate Like if they did the whole jealousy route they would have hinted it more in book 2 imo Friday/Saturday Me: *cries as an Aurora and Esme stan* As an Aurora stan, I doubt it  Lol My bad Its still there Lol Mhm I still see it Were u following her? Odd she would block u unless u interact with her  I remember that lol Well....TNA MC is the reused sprite of BB MC yea? Lol but I see your point We da best I see u Bryce Lmao As expected Sonia deserves all the good things Witness MC iconic I feel bad I didnt see it :/ ooooh i love kahoot we should do a choices kahoot that would be fun sdjksdjkdskj im sorry it's been a long day hahaah see you again - wiz khalifa Bel you need to watch fast and furious 7 lol :huh: lol this week has felt like a month lmao this dang tax deadline got extended by a month rip vacation in april  why not lol i just want my saturdays back also my stimulus check  nothing added the second stimmy i got was via debit card even  tho i had direct deposit.... like did you put your bank info on a tax return? that's odd cuz usually they pick up your bank info from your tax return LMAO for slow burn, imma take it to the channel #gordon-ramsay-dating-sim no sign of MC yet... liam's body and male cassian's body yes mhm cuz i built their sprites lmao for my edits so they have the same body lol the angry otter sprite kinda scares me Ombr? This looks like the hair I use for my TRR MC Is witness MC still god tier on your list? Thanks! Im gonna have fun with this lol is this for slow burn bel? Found this on the sub Bachelorette party, its a fun one Oh Is wolf bride doing that well for choices to change their profile pic? Oof I feel like it appears in ATV Mhm ATV Slight variation Witness MC = greatest MC of all time Lol Me that 1% who has witness MC as the best  Lmao Shes just iconic Drew secretly likes TRR MC :kek: Its tough love Lmao Drew?!? I think we miss book 1 OH All* I would gladly trade TNA if it ensures Book 1 OH quality for PBs future books The best parts of TNA were the twins and carter I cant believe PB changed their icon to Sam and TNA MC on their android play store Pero why Lmao Mines still ROD MC and Logan But it feels like a slap in the face cuz there is no RoD 2 Even when they said they were gonna do one... Yea like change it to OH or something else Good point I forgot about Ethan lmao Since book 1 I just wanted Aurora to be a Li But like PB be like haha Aurora friend zone go brrr Exactly Well AVSP is becoming non VIP Its just funny how one day when u open the choices app, it asks you for romance or steamy Like there is no other genre they made :kek: Crimes of Passion sounds like MW but with PB 2020 levels of smut But we will see Part of me feels like it has be a series The flow is slow so far And I cant see it wrap up in a few chapters It can be They keep hinting at that peace summit So fingers crossed it results into book 2 Lmao Lol are there 2 books for the finale? Like part one and part two? Its a sign Pb needs to end the series Cordonia needs to be left alone Have Pb bother Auvernal or something Lmao PB: whats an Oregon? Is it something u eat?  Someone in this channel knows who killed Hayley Rose  Never made sense to me Like at least tell us who killled her and move on ILB could have been TRR but horror Horror u can write sequels on Well diff writers but I see ur point It would have been great tbh Yea Maybe in the off chance they revisit They could write IL3 Its a glitch U cant finish chap 16 But if u do finish U get that 15 diamond bonus poor guy Those sound effects :niapanic: Lmao I willl delete mine I would just in case U know there should be some bald Lis I think Samira is one of those characters thats an exception Liam too Cassian step on up tOm They made Khaan a villain in TRh and Im pissed Can you imagine Thomas Mendez with a manbun Raleigh can pull it off do it The desire would make more sense if Sam Dalton was a vampire lmao "find a better doctor" i got one more to top that Sam Dalton, attorney at law snatched her wig on top of that they better have an update on the zombie book PE gang lol Le sigh Cursed season, hopefully next year is better Thank you! :peepoClap::LakerCheer: :LAL: :LA: :LeBronFlex: Too many injuries this season  lol Never forget the petition to have a TRH 4 lol No a facebook group did They believed their 500 signatures influenced Pb Bryce?!?!!? OH book 4: scandals honestly one of the best parts of the game. The music is on point what happens if OH was Ethan in a coma and at the end he wakes up and is the ruler of a foreign country and fell in love with MC? lol book 4 potential yo lol https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/lu4qkn/discovered_a_new_one/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf This is a classic Drew: *criticizes TRR*

MLF: you big bully! How dare u! Take that back now! Anyone have any funny glitches they want to share? :jebus: Lmao Leave Ian alone Pb Shudhehehee They made the Heir baldnooooooooo The suit suits her I like it it's not Loool it is I never played rcd The one book PB would have to pay me in order for finish Sunkissed MCs mom loves Ethan Happy Fathers Day to this man! If u have a chance to play slow burn, I think u will put it in best of the best Whats up with MLF thinking its their content and not pixelberrys? Like pal, you didnt write the story, create the covers, do art scenes, etc. they are advertising PBs product not their ownsmh I have my friends looking out for me lmaoooo ok Lmao U say that and they will call u a big bully :KEKWhands: LmAo That virtual punch was intimidating Im so scared Lol And shes prob changing her ig name as we speak so yea PB is on to u Drew Someone replied Sam Dalton, Sam Dalton, Sam Dalton for that question :kek: :samwtf: :samwtf: :samwtf: But I would road trip with Bryce, Imogen and Hana. That would be a fun group Lol crisps Chips  Ethan, Drake, and Marc. I will take drakes whiskey and enjoy those three arguing LOL :butwhy: I wonder what ranking Maxwell would have on the T? But My MC is number 1 oh my god looooool so many TNA ads.... not another voice over AD! :KEKWhands: :samwtf: :butwhy: :niapanic: i better get paid bank for that then! So many TNA ads I doubt it TNA before TNA Villain in the making Barber Bryce Bryce's alternate timeline if he didnt go to edenbrook Bryce a man of many talents where's her belly button? Home page switched from TNA to TRF :samhelpme: Thanks Fae! New pic They wear it pretty well https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/otzc4n/i_love_you_all/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf I feel attacked lmao QB2 hyped CoP hyped Shipwrecked hyped Slow Burn 2, hyped oh shit nvm   trust me Lu im throwing hands with PB LMAO LMAO LIs will be Bryce, Mal and Tatum also gabe as a last min Li lol accurate lol not Myles Dixon as Aislinn's ex! lmao Dad bods are in! make it happen PB eh no every body is different Face slider too :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: I will dm yall Dont worry Lol u can still play Np I posted this on the sub and the mods removed it smh I reposted :heyyyyyypb: and its up Chaos is a lifestyle Adrian looks good :Duffyevil: Adrian loves to eat. He and I share that in common https://tenor.com/view/haha-mickael-jackson-queendugif-ahah-hehe-gif-13642339 :heheadrian: :Periodt: Loooool :samhelpme: :heheadrian: Imogen :bestinshow: :bestinshow: :bestinshow: :bestinshow: :bestinshow: :heyyyyyypb: :heyyyyyypb: :heyyyyyypb: The body type is from WB Wolf Bride Idk the left gives me Mal vibes, middle Bolas MC vibes and Right a mix of bastien and Cassian Poppy as a LI in QB2? Fo sho Dont mind me. Just manifesting carter to be a LI for the 1783483837473848374th time He just needs time to shine He sings, plays football and is nice. Sounds like a great LI PB https://tenor.com/view/hsm-high-school-musical-were-all-in-this-together-dance-gif-5323618 Theres a subreddit for choices vip now Yea https://tenor.com/view/fortnite-batman-dancing-dance-orange-justice-gif-16354903 Didnt Emi move most of  her files? I couldnt access the Sb folder yesterday:( Do U have the link? Maybe I cant access cuz Im on my iPhone lol Bless ur soul Bel Do u have the main one too? Hmm weird, still cant open like ASVP for example Maybe its my iPhone Or safari acting up Ah I just want assets :KEKWhands: Not PB reposting another user saying TNA 3 is needed LOL TNA 3: the wedding affair, MC's ex will come into the spotlight Thx for the AD Pb Im throwing hands with PB What did they do to Imogen?!? :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: They took her belly button away  Also this lol Poppy is the inevitable Drew https://tenor.com/view/thanos-dreaditrunfromit-infinitywar-destinyarrivesallthesame-barexam-gif-12210891 OMG ANOTHER VOICE AD!!! AHHHHHHHHH its never over :ruserious: Oooo nice Its Friday night Have fun unless u have work :/ Where did u get this pic of me at work? Choices be weird sometimes It recommended me bsc 2 when i havent played bsc new art style?!?! TOBY??!?!? They put ximena in witness Never forget lol Prob more ppl are leaking her drive Me New app icon Eh its alright I wish Sams beard could connect But yes its Sam I mean this one is based on an alternate tna cover Mhm I will delete after a min but heres the alt cover Your welcome Its from a video ad I found it in the tna ahha Channel yea good use of resources imo This seems fun Mine would be: :heyyyyyypb: Hmmmm March?  Michael May Yay The skull emote made me think of Lilly lmao Ummmmm February December https://tenor.com/view/yeah-skate-skeleton-kick-flip-gif-16187494 Yea! Nice Hana Tatum September is Mal from Blades of Light and Shadow For a second I thought ur real name was Naomi lol she has been posting on IG and tumblr i could see the emotes now watermarking is just putting a bigger target on her they are not her assets like if those are her assets sure but she aint pixelberry she needs to go private like more private than ig and tumblr Hi :CharmanderHi: My name is Metta :raifepain: nice to meet you :CandidCarter: :samhelpme: :BeauBait: uuuwuuu oof not a good idea aye my emote is in there ayeeee we dont have a raf emote lol :samhelpme: No lol I already played chap 1 y'all.......they made a black baby bartie..... i need eyebleacj eyebleach :ianwhyyyyyy: :raifepain: :bartiemad: :butwhy: :samhelpme: :KEKWhands: https://tenor.com/view/computer-monday-gif-9634962 Yup leave my AME MC alone :ianwhyyyyyy: :ianwhyyyyyy: :ianwhyyyyyy: LIT Well he left discord and is more active in the subreddit https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/pvw90g/zoey_cannot_be_vanessas_kid/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Becketts sister, Katrina was a beauty He looks so different can we put Guy from MOTY up there too? https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/piasm4/bryce_would_never/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Poor Bryce First choices book was HSS Nice People may go with Veronica. So I will go with Shreya HAPPY MEAN GIRLS DAY YALL! Lol :judgeyIna: .img courtney Shes def a bestie for life. Need that chaotic good Sam Dalton is inevitable Sam Dalton is still inevitable Throwback icons That vid is gone  sorry Bryce This one is easy .img Kenna Rys Yes I was gonna use TRR MC But Kenna popped up in my mind Hey yall Wolf Bride comes out this Wed "BLASTOFF!!!!!" i heard it in TRM found this as well We can thank PB for releasing 40(9448883 tna ads :sadtna: :CandidCarter: yes? All I could think of was this outfit from TE 2 If you picked the Vannu ending in ES Why did I get this ad Its not even TNA.its Jen and Vince from AME and kid Noah. Jen is judging this LMAO I like the way u think Bel Do u want to add it? JudgyJen slightly better version of the pic? :sadhours: :samwtf: :youwot: :butwhy: :samhelpme: Look at these iconic emotes Its a very polarizing book, some people liked it, some hated it No harm in playing the first few chapters to get a feel for it Well yea Different strokes for different folks ahhaa Jen Hehehe Lmao the desire flame strikes again PB once again, please dont get forget to put belly buttons on mcs TRR is gonna get a spin-off involving the royal princess. Then TNA will have its own spinoff lol :PepePing: Favorite moment LOML I just noticed that lmao i dont think theres a cg for it lmao Aiden: prom?!?

Student: shhhh Im tryin to Practice my flute skills Bow down to PBs new royalty :kek: Wait Whats in the top ten Yesssss Wolf bride is part of the top ten Along with tna And bolas And HSS I think TRR is number one TNA is number 2 Im surprised AME is number 3 I want to see the numbers behind TNA and AME They must have kicked ass Hmmm Makes sense TNA is in top 10 based on the ads they produce weekly lmao Poor AMe The silent majority likes werewolf romance I guess SB needs to be in the top 10 category Yea TRR and TNA are PBs biggest source of cash from the stories Me: yes Yup During a diamond scene Nooooo Nooooooo Makes sense Im surprised QB isnt in the top ten category Hm maybe by end of QB2 who knows *patiently waiting for my app to update* Lmao at Leo, Liam and Sam getting a C- Marco! Tell Beckett my MC says hi to Katrina :dogeheart: :dogeheart: Purdy #cursed-chat plz not public yet Lmao one of them is a huge Gaius Stan , u got their hopes up Pri Lmaoooo Pri u got the reddit fandom freaked out Hmmmmm Got an idea Wait seriously who is that Why does he remind me of Dave Hmmmmm :spideywtf: :spideywtf: :spideywtf: Damn u Pb Welp my app icon updated Still waiting for the interface to update  Nvm guess the new update didnt update the interface :bartiemad: We only had French n Spanish Then they added mandarin n German Also sign language Found this on the sub Mal and Jackie for me Tyler would be hung up on Abbie btw lol :samhelpme: Prob pushed back Mara is a billionaire Dang Get charged $5000 for a check up Peloton is my homie https://tenor.com/view/riding-a-stationary-bike-donatello-saturday-night-live-snl-middle-aged-mutant-ninja-turtles-getting-fit-gif-19743660 PB ads with real life ppl yall you mean have the hots for their boss? im sure theres plenty, but its quiet they did one for OH too one more shhhhh they getting paid for this lol maybe its that person irl awwwww they prob rewrote the scene to ask Zaid to join them lmao jk #outofcontext Lmao PB: okay Lu, we have QB, BOLAS, BB, WB, TRR, SB and SW open. Which one u want? .img Ms. match Nice I calls dins Dibs Lmao Just trying to fix ur auto correct lmao Same My auto correct sucks It keeps correcting sam to desire And Im like stop Why cant it auto correct desire to Carter?  I am not my iPhone :samhelpme: Bring it Didnt know my next enemy would be a phone Hmmmmm BRB :samhelpme: Sam be like: save me from evil sam Tna 4 Loooool U say its ending but what makes u think PB wont do a sequel based on the Royal princess :cutefrog: :cutefrog: :cutefrog: yess do it YESSSS they want u to binge TNA looool PB, I hate you so much for teasing me like this :KEKWhands: :SadCat: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: All these emote potentials :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: eh pretty much it got meshed together :carterwtf: Lol :carterwtf: My latest joy Griffin I will rename him Carter Jk i got Pax....does anyone know a divorce attorney? *changes birthday to April* now I win too lol https://uquiz.com/quiz/tWsXUK?p=2098240 Have fun yall :butwhy: :butwhy: :butwhy: :butwhy: Does this mean Im gonna marry a billionaire in the near future? Fae dont forget about us when ur a famous singer I expect front row tickets or backstage passes lol jk Yes Since im about to marry a billionaire (thx sam Dalton) yall are invited to the wedding TNA 3: Mettas wedding Sure Oh you and her will be besties Like chaotic besties Ayeeee Tequila is great Weddings with tequila are always a good time Yes Come drink Responsibly too Then there will be drunchies after open bar Gotta eat some good food for the hangover I remember I had steak and eggs for $5 in Vegas Best drunchie meal ever Yum Korean food is bomb af when drunk Same with pho Awww u need to! Worth it Especially if its ayce https://tenor.com/view/korean-food-korean-bbq-gif-7341949 I miss kbbq Wrap that meat in rice paper and dip in sauce *chefs kiss* Well u can cast spells which is cool nice food is lyfe lol what if i told u instead of driving how about flying lol would spirit airlines work lmao lmao i gotchu for jet blue or delta u gon swim the atlantic all the way to the pacific? LMAO gotta keep the destination in mind cali is calling for ya gotta spoil Lu with the california cuisine ahhh philz coffee in sf is dope good thinking i barely drink coffee so meh hot chocolate is where its at hot chocolate with whipped cream oh shoot the most wonderful time of the year cyber monday thanksgiving pumpkin pie i would be pissed say u have food coma from turkey my boss wanted to work black friday and i laughed at him he never brought it up again im excited for mama metta to cook the honey glazed ham and fried turkey im breaking my diet lol Friendsgiving is amazing Did it once Need to do it more often I did it with classmates back in grad school Doubt I could do one with friends because we are all far apart One of my friends legit thought fireball was a meatball and not a drink. She was shocked when I showed her Better option too I miss Xmas parties I was buzzin at my old companys holiday party Sushi hits different Can never match that euphoria https://tenor.com/view/you-got-this-girl-you-have-her-thats-your-girl-angry-pointing-gif-15122832 Sweet I got Maxwell! U mean May? Lmao jk :BeauBait: :CandidCarter: :heheadrian: Oof Good luck Be the duchess-regent and dont transfer power R u gonna name them latios and latias like last time Hazel - Noahs lil sister from MFTL Zoey is April Im happy with sept My child is a future queen Unless she wants to destroy the monarchy Zoey is a genius Win win U right. Im Giving my child the world cuz they deserve it Yes Do it They are old enough to be separate Cant be separating newborn babies :CandidCarter: more ads with real life people "ahhhhhhh"! :megadrian: lol the future of PB ads we love a new TNA ad in the morning LMAO theres a LOA ad PB released loool last one - sorry for the spam lol oh hey a bolas appearance sofia: maybe if I am MC, sam will like me more RIP June babies Felicity is my mom Nice Also to note || the kids arent legitimately hers. So that could also be a factor too. || I havent had poptarts in over 10 years https://tenor.com/view/pop-tarts-blueberry-pop-tarts-pop-tart-gif-19259133 Lol We posted that bg in the assets thread :que: I mean its right there no need for a ping so lol MFTL.. *has nightmares* Lol oh lordy oh Bryce it's art bryce likes milfs confirmed lol yes Its still art Lmao They are stealing my identity lolz Sigrid tho :hehe: :hehe: :ethonk: new ads featuring TRR, TNA and BOLAS never thought I would see Adrian and Thomas here lol Tatum....explain Lmao Jealous When mc takes too much desire pills Sam: wait thats not supposed to happen :samwtf: So thats the reason for all those labs in TNA Hmmmm PB: this is the plot we need for TNA 4 Lmao TNA 4: now playing as Sofia Lmao Maybe mc is the cause for the zombie apocalypse in WTD It all makes sense More like heartburn lmao I still dont have this interface yet :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: This user pretty much captures my thoughts Heres the OG post if people want to know Shreya and Raf.dope ms match sounds like feb for valentines day slow burn seems like march or april cuz spring https://tenor.com/view/dont-you-dare-dont-dont-do-it-the-office-michael-scott-gif-14178027 so is bolas 2 coming in 2222 then? lol PB be like: so about Bolas 2..... pft ez money. Angel and I will b the lone survivors :aliceevil: what are you doing step bro :CandidCarter: :carterwtf: lol carterception funny i only heard QB was only 3 books carter was here for a good time, not a long time well im glad pB is using their money wisely by making Carter LI and giving us more stories with him priorities Has insiders come out yet? :modcheck: https://tenor.com/view/animated-waiting-waiting-patiently-smile-bunny-gif-14637674 They late af enjoy some holiday ads also this The one time I wait for it They are delayed They are like go away Metta Tomorrow Never PB: oh insiders..Um uhhhhhh. Merry Xmas? murder is the theme untamable is horse rnach smut romance bring it yes untamable = surrender on the farm with cow whips soooooo BOLAS 2 march 2023? lol robin hood aladdin Yea THAT AD WIP is used in accounting too lol the subreddit is a mess rn 90% is ppl talking about bolas Pri Tastu is going nuts Halp Yayyyy Thank u Lol TNA 3 yall tna and emotes, name a better duo He looks like one of my neighbors Hawt Wetness: a lake ghost romance Bel this is war This ur guy? Sounds like u want me to edit Bryce too Wait what Who did he lose to? cyrus' thong lmao lmao tag yourself, im the clown ayna nooooo of course it stops on TNA Lol wait hold on i didnt realize imogen was part of the newlyweds retagging myself as james lol looks like her from afar yea? :kek: wifey :CandidCarter: :hello911: :CandidCarter: Post for context I mean I saw some stuff where users were shaming others about liking certain characters and plots. It got personal Mods deleted that asap I feel like that applies to everyone who complains on the platforms lol Pb messes up on the coding Female Kayden is written as male Kayden and ur like huh TNA 2, at least PB didnt mess up between female sam and male sam becauseyea PB got their hands tied as of now too Metta corp  Eh their Hail Mary is like TNA The VIP model had to be implemented at some point. Sucked that they retracted books to be vip Isnt the Asian one looking like ILB mc Lol Lmao Mara and Lu are besties now It is written Ppl aint gonna pick Shane over Raleigh or Avery .img Raleigh Lmao Yall have ten in common at least Ethan Kingsley .img slow burn Everett Walmart Kayden .img slow burn Julian Walmart Kayden ? Oh E Lmao .img yvette Flynt She pretty Thx buddy I miss Yvette  Yes Its the best vip book imo Kinda curious which jack/Jacque is gonna be chosen once Ms match comes out Gn .img Jacqueline Monroe Lol White Jack is mark from LH Lol Awks His face scares me Its like a pumpkin face Ahhhhh Team Luz Hazel  His shirt is too tight tbh The best part of HC Was the music LMAO I forgot there was a book where I didnt like any of the LIs Im like plz stop Im trying to remember, let me look at completed books BRB Rising Tides! Omg They werent fun But the book wasnt fun tbh Lmao frat knows whats up I just know ppl hated MCs sister I mean if she was mc it would be better Lmao Lol Hey TRRs writer did want to write TRR as game of thrones so Maybe Bartie or other kids sooo There was a livestream a few weeks ago about TRR finale One writer wanted to kill off Olivia for drama This was in the beginningu gotta listen to the livestream they recorded TRR would be the game of apples hes not active lol stern yet sexy eyebrows lmao this? nice awwwww thats nice of him i never played a hat in time is it on the switch or pc? ooooo interesting lol i keep thinking back to pokemon sword and how they tried to portray the UK. Im assuming this game does a better job? Ahhh gotcha LMAO Are u watching the stream lol Yes She also tweets on Choices page more holiday ADs that  music tho fire another AD with IRL ppl  @DaHomieDrew come get ur Hayden lmaoooooo ooooo Bachelorette Party AD? down gotta yell fake MC;s name LINDAAAAAA Moods lmao https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1lYCpuN9904I9vEo7I2brwd3x1nrw1D40ip3bUSGc9Sg/ ooo i love surveys The fariZ guy look everyone! It's Ethan Claus! the baby is reminding ellie to tell nick he's the father i saw this and yall have to see this freeze frame too  LMAO theres like 3 new ads featuring sam dalton lmao looooool this aint the best ad they released i died at this one why am i laughing so hard lmao sam is the emote gift that keeps giving lmao true RIGHT three in one wombo combo i love it :waitwha: iconic thank u sam for being u three sams for tna 3 :hehehehe: :ohmyyyyyy: lmao i cant stop watching these ads im rolling on the floor they legit replaced desire with affection :sadhours: poor jamie deserves better :teeheemichael: :CandidCarter: :BeauBait: :Duffyevil: :ethonks: :raifepain: :supbrah: Its art Enjoy You can thank Sam Dalton for that lol Probs their most popular Sam :hehehehe: :hehehehe: :hehehehe: Look at Mitzi Montjoy thriving Hm not bad you don't realize you had something amazing until it's gone :CandidCarter: lol Will u PB? A book male led would be cool. Like anything in rom com or adventure would be cool for PB to experiment Doesnt have to be war per se but like a rom com or a single parent book like FOTY could be a possibility My mom and I used to watch love and hip hop Atlanta Loved it Anywhere here a fan of Dr Strange? Dr. Strange + Ethan Ramsey merger lmao Its like OH meets TE :0 lol Ethans new career Hes a super hero now Frat is thriving rn Love to see it Thats Dr Ethan Jonah Ramsey Strange now Good choice I kinda like it at the top ETHAN HOW COULD YOU? We have our first Surrender ad lolz but no reagan, only a tobias remake RYAN HOW COULD YOU?!?! new book called the family affair PBs upcoming book :hehehehe: Hes in surrender lmao Looool They did that with AVSP PB wants that weekly stream of $ OMG we see a front facing Sam Dalton lmaooooo it's not a bad ad, just something new i noticed front facing sam is sending me lmao Bro Yall have no idea how many emotes I could make with that one ad MC shaking Sofia angry https://tenor.com/view/dont-you-dare-dont-dont-do-it-the-office-michael-scott-gif-14178027 Yes Wont what? Still confused lmao Its dinner time let me eat mah Dinnah :angrysam: Ughhhh I dont know why she wanted to write that let alone felt the need Hmmm one of the posts she has.. lol jk Ahem Not me giving that collage to Kio Thank you Im 10 when I see my food being hot and ready Taro milk boba, best boba 5 too Everyone loves Carter I mean Metta Its just fact :CandidCarter: Love how Im known as the choices ad person in the subreddit Which one? Ah this one Queen b spin off and make a carter a LI plz Queen b spinoff: the life of Ian/Ina Kingsley Queen B: squid game style https://tenor.com/view/mr-bean-waiting-still-waiting-gif-13052487 choices insiders hurry up But its 2022 New year new them https://tenor.com/view/mando-way-this-is-the-way-mandalorian-star-wars-gif-18467370 i wonder if untamable is gonna take place in texas lmao Giddy up? Guess Im a surgeon now and Bryce lahela is an accountant Its nice knowing someone appreciates my creative name change lol Lucky The complete college experience Surprised it was not July 5th My bday is actually July 26th Nice dang PB already put Surrender with the top ten books in this AD this one too the real royal romance book lmao lmao evil liam already imprisioned hana and maxwell U think so? I feel wolf brides spot probably enhanced it if anything since its wide release They wouldnt pair wake the dead with tna and TRR in the add then Can u show the top ten again My app never updated it  Im surprised ame is top 3 Oof Hmmm I feel like pb wont update until wtd and sr are done Love seeing choices ads pop up on my ig feed Lol they featured Bolas in an ad like a few months ago i posted them....... lol Sam has replaced Ethan as PB's most advertised LI Awww Mickey is in this one pb stop having ur characters say "mmmmmm" from ex-girlfriend to potential step-mom wow how is Sam Dalton Robin's dad now?!?! Im surprised they havent gotten in trouble yet. PB messed up with the release of SB Summer of desire Interesting not if they star it lol Ms Match coming out 1/28 FYI I go back to sleep Bye Lol U got time dont worry PB came out with a new ad for surrender not Ian Kingsley in Ethan's clothes i say courtney's not gonna lie, the music slaps in that ad What bad boy is waiting for me? Ah I was replaying ride or die lmao Love how Pb changed their profile pic to Ms match Then next week they will change it back to Sam Dalton :kek: PB u know what youre doing Mood when theres free food at an event Ahsdjksejs Isnt insiders supposed to come out today? Immortal desires Nice not Bartie/Luis showing up and saying ew to his mom lmaoooo it's like he realized he bit some food that didnt taste good lol mom: son did u eat the last cookies
son: uffff ufff no Awww thanks PB baby it's cold outside damn it Sam and ur driving poor Ivy lmao not TNA MC winning 3-0 against Sofia It will return They are lining up once wtd is done Then cop comes back Best one :CandidCarter: :CandidCarter: Welcome to the Reagan Thorne fan club. We meet every Friday to discuss :samhelpme: Twins Its in the surrender channel They are both rich Twins :reaganhelpme: :samhelpme: same energy Its actually fun Nice to see how a LI feels about MC as the story progresses And with playing as the LI u get more control over things Love it when people reply to Pbs posts with leaked covers :Noppers: :Noppers: Im sure Pb will tell us in a week about immortal desires since next week is March Next week is March. Fuck Lmao Who knows I wouldnt be surprised if it is I just want something new and it looks promising Give me someone with badass powers, an Evil LI and Im down for a good time MCs quest for immortality People are still doing it. I dont get it. Its not out to the public Like insiders is next week U can wait for the info for immortal desires then I dont think choices is dying but just taking more risks, going in different directions They are about to release different genres this year so I think they will be okay if I recall about, MLF, she got upset someone else posted spoilers before she could on ig. So that kinda deterred from posting as much as she used to But I think shes ramping up again thx to wtd and surrender Lmao apparently not before she does She made a post about it too and all The user reached out to her and apologized and all It was back in December LMAO For One of the books, I think it was QB2 or CoP Its not her stories :samhelpme: :samhelpme: :samhelpme: Yet post spoilers Yea she def missed out on stuff But like to deactivate ur accountlike huh LMAO WTF Shes so sensitive She saturates the CGs so much I will never forget how she made Female Sam Dalton look 7 feet tall and have MC look like her child :KEK: Can yall impulse give me money? Ok thanks That moment when you realize a client was Low key hitting on you but didnt realize it until way after the conversation with her lol :samhelpme: Shoutout to Fae for pointing this out Looks like this icon is for android users only And they really replaced Hispanic  trystan with white trystan :KEK: iOS users stil have Sam and TNA MC :worrysip: Hawt Okay another icon What is pb doing This one be shipwrecked But it looks like Damien lmao https://tenor.com/view/mr-krabs-hello-i-like-money-money-mic-gif-17224951 PB be like Oh hey someone got inspired by my Eli edit :bestinshow: :bestinshow: The lineup be stacked PS, TCH, ID, TNA 3, MAC, LOA 2, Getaway Girls, WTD 2, Surrender 2 Good shit indeed Never forget The Royal Masquerade was supposed to be VIP too Mhm It was coded to be vip But isnt no one still someone Wordle 261 4/6




 Phew https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/t8mh6s/making_ethan_ramsey_sing_baby_by_justin_bieber_d/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf :kek: Wait U dont? :samhelpme: Jk Finally I get this update Surrender is in slice of life :CandidCarter: Im for sure getting a second date with poppy lol OH FUCK YES! NOW I AM THRIVING WHATS UP CARTER :CandidCarter: He should have been a LI lets just say that He has a personality too :samhelpme: Hes going to the nfl to be the GOAT :CandidCarter: Lol Is this ur way of recruiting him to Boston Lu? Lmao And thats a bad thing? Lmao Colt in shambles We needed that Ride or Die sequel Update ur app oh Hey a PB ad with Ava Montjoy oh hey another wedding ad Eyes burning with desire Ayeeee Ahhhhhh next Friday Yup I need to send that gif to my boss Cuz work is rough We will prob get a blog post wed Snape Bod Im just old So Yea So reagan thrones wife? Ian Kingsleys wife or Everett Flynts wife? Or all of the above :PepeLMAO: I didnt get my first cell until middle school lmao I still have mine iirc Yall never had blackberries and it shows Lmao My blackberry phone could last a week on full charge God tier battery Awww U still have it for sentimental purposes? Why did I think of Kelly Rowland in dilemma when u posted this lmao Lol iPhones are built to last like half a decade at least AIM oh god The best times I stilll have my iPhone 5 Hey hey its a tiny brick But its my brick Zombies are scared of the Nokia Wtd confirms it https://tenor.com/view/the-office-michael-scott-steve-carell-how-much-they-love-me-scared-gif-4265454 This u to zombies? I mean Im not complaining Lol Looks fun Yall missed the drama yesterday on the sub Reddit Whew Pretty much someone was criticizing PB's books saying its smut without plot these days. Complaining about the steamy Genderlocked books. And some people called them out because they are guilty of wanting smut if they had a male mc option let me link the post and yall can see i get blocked from that user even tho I didn't directly interact with the person.... i didnt send a link yet lol https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/tk7m47/pb_really_said_yes_i_did_that_and_you_would_do_it/ shush must u really lol let the ppl find out left a trail of receipts and all but yea, the subreddit has gotten spicy ever since the surrender 2 announcement Yup, dug himself a hole As a note, this user hasnt said anything about untameable and its pretty steamy as well. But theres a reason why The best part of it Is you get to play as the LI and control things lmao at the end she went sdkjsdkjsdjkksdjsdhjhjs ksdjksdkdsksdkds sdkjhsdkhkshsd maybe cuz her husband is cheating on her lol Lu: this book def has drama it's like shes from dragon ball z and is powering up her too mood right? FOUND HIM Next to Trishana Daniel is in surrender 2 yall I dont blame him :ethonks: Probs cursed heart The elf ears give me a clue Oof hmmmm surrender x tna crossover more tna :samhelpme: I got the email Time for that TNA X Surrender crossover Insiders where u at https://tenor.com/view/dog-bouncing-where-you-be-moon-moon-excited-gif-11662074 Im assuming LOA 2 in October The possibly two new ones ending Nov and Dec 2022 is a stacked year for them LOA 2 is Oct GG prob Nov Surrender 2 December  GG is getaway girl Girls* Why not both Off topic I never watched golden girls lmao I know Im terrible One day i will watch Why did my mind go to material girl sung by The Weeknd Classic song btw Lmao Same Actually I take that Back poor Hana  lol lmao oh Sam cuz money eye shadow djkdjjsdk instructions unclear, now have soda in my nose. halp lol lol oof Will the real Sawyer plz stand up Yes LMAO His name is Earl now Interesting lol I never played so idk poor sofia Happy 4/20 :heheadrian: Oh hey cursed heart Did anyone get the invite to Storyloom? Oh I got one :CandidCarter: :KEK: It shows my personal info on there i think :samhelpme: :whatusaykami: Oh lolz https://tenor.com/view/good-morning-kiss-gif-23715848 Me waiting for insiders to come out Thanks! I SEE A RELEASE DATE FOR SLOW BURN This was fun I dumped Mackenzie for Jen in AME, no regrets I have 4 fingers left I mean I never cried over a book lol Am I the only who didnt like any of the LIs in TFS? Zig and Becca are prob the most tolerable but the others didnt do it for me Tyler and Abbie have scarred me Every day its like Omg okay lady i see u more ads with real life people Why not https://www.reddit.com/r/Choices/comments/ukgs9k/the_wanted_love_interest_convention/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Carter u deserved better Yes Jk pb with another CoP AD wholesome ad new surrender ad New icon Yea update made it to the iPhone Old New Maybe when the sequel comes out Got burnt off || during the volcano eruption || Surrender got promoted to romancenice more sam dalton ads lmao Is today Insiders day?!? :oooooohhhhhhh: https://tenor.com/view/good-morning-kiss-gif-23715848 Just asked support Shoutout to Chastin that shoulder doe twilight PB style Find someones who look at you the way these 3 look at Sam Book 2 Sawyer poor jax business man clint or party man sam? these ads are funny as hell im dying on PB's fb page https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?active_status=all&ad_type=all&country=US&view_all_page_id=857073994397555&search_type=page&media_type=all Oh so now you release WTD ads PB?!?!?! also lol PB replaced troy with sloan yes tobias oh damn.... hamza?!?!? what's your element and sign? Interesting for Murder at Homecoming Im guessing we get it at like 2pm PST Surrender 2 for Xmas?!? Team Cas Ongoing looks so full looooool enjoy Bartie and Amelia with freckles yall Angel loves Hilda Whats a Blades 2? zombie drake From the subreddit Emma New ad or Icon for PB why is Fiona floating? Live Laugh Leave MC asap Rumor has it MLF got shadowbanned on IG LOA 2 back this month Whats ur list so far? Slow Burn
PM
WTD
TRM
THM

SB is number 1 the rest are in no order SR and TCH, good stuff Both are top ten not PB teasing Kiss of Death already Witness cover, surrender cover, Sunkissed, tna.. :kek: :kek: Jk I have her link Done Surrender is coming right after TNA Your boy did a thing and listed all the LIs he had  his MCs romance. Safe to say my type is a mixed bag of sort  Best Trystan  U know I was tempted to Unforgivable pb didnt make him one Lol Jen is one of my favorites Hhghffdffdd Ayeee Do it Make one Homeboy looks scared for his life Hes just charging up his electricity I dont get it Uhhhh Lmao I spent diamonds on ATV. :samhelpme: Lmao I forgot what I picked in the end Kepler was my fave :kek: :kek: :kek: Zekei wants to keep it in the family Eos had some good choices NGL Pax got screwed MC had like 5 options Eos like 193993939933 Pax had two And I made Eos get with all four of them Im not a fan of RCDs mc But I dislike her friend Chazz Ahahahahaa MC needed a new agent and friend U gotta link that post Bel Thats my MC lmao I didnt know who to pick And Im like ehhhh u! Nooooo Good times Peak r/choices U tell them that, and they write a 5 page essay on why they still want to stay Lmao PB is changing because just like any business they need money TRR with Maxwell QB2 with Carter :CandidCarter: QB2 with poppy actually Still counts lmao U prob wont see him unless MC is in LA again She should have been a LI Maybe she will be an option in LOA or TPA Its time PB atones for it Looool oh hey another TCH ad by PB Soon enough