Oof Uhh probably reinstall And if you have the fb account setup Uninstall then re install Prolly because satan has cursed this phone Lol Aww I missed you too!!! How you doing? Is uni treating you well? Because mine isn't :/ Same dude :( Oo Ahh Idk US education system rip Is community college the 2 yr program after his and before uni? What stats? Gimme link to those messages :P Oo Boooring Lol I got a mechanical kryboard so even my typing is gonna be really loud lmao My name 👀 Me likey Yesss 👋 Ooh yeah lol Forgot about that So you are voltra's new bestie lol! It's so good to officially meet you lol. I have heard a lot about you from Voltra 😁 Voltra's amazing ngl Also the fact that she is the person I chat with the most lmao. We vibe in DMs Poggers Congrats metta And hi firework Good to be back And yea it's past midnight sjsnsksks Uhh -ft set India What the Lol That would be interesting to say the least -ft set India/Kolkata Sjsmkskds Lmao Choices tax I- You guys remember how I was literally qb MC? I rose to the top ~~by hook or crook~~ And had some QBesque issues 😔 Ok I uhh Imma go sleep while I can lol. Have fun! Also ping me if anyone causes chaos Gn! Lmao Y'all sound so surprised like it's a miracle It took me what? 3-4 days to attain fan this time The last time it took 4 hours Oh that's because I set it this way XD It was the only way to avoid it being in serious channels like let it go Because let's be honest no one likes to be notified of leveling up or getting a new role when they are angry/sad lmao Exactly I think Voltra asked me for it and o was like good idea lemme see what I can do Aww That's one way to put it yeah lol. But would you even check the general chats while you are invested in let it go I am so mad that my laptop died Like I am glad I now have a new pc But half the time my brother is playing gta on it And the other half I am too lazy to go there It's in the other room So I only use discord thru mobile Due to which I don't work on bots and server stuff anymore I want to work on making a bot or continuing IRIS but I am just lazy lol I mean I do have a macbook air in my wishlist but since we recently bought a very expensive PC, I won't be getting anything for at least a year Tho my dad did propose to buy it early if I score the maximum marks in my batch in uni this semester Tis tough tho 😭 Wait are you in US or UK? ~~because I remember you said new england so I am confused~~ But then why does it have england in its name??? It's soo confusing!!! Ooh Weird people XD Is it true there's a place called mumbai in new york? Imagine introducing yourself as I live in New York but love in Massachusetts only. So you either have to be a resident of Massachusetts or we go move there to love and then we come back :kek: Yeah lol Ooh Bombay was former name of Mumbai in india Wack indeed Also I have heard there is a delhi in Canada It's so unoriginal Like get your own names Wait, does that mean there's a York? Or old York? Djskalsksk We are on same ~~paige~~ page I striked it off because I already made that joke once I mean we have west bengal in india but no east bengal (thanks Brits!) So I get that lol Also fun fact West Bengal is on the east coast of india Wait I just realized I can stream thobm from my mobile on discord Tho idk how that'll work But it doesn't hurt to try Oki vc time Oof I have test in about 30 minutes and I feel so sleepy 😪 I'll try 🥺 I am finally done with my test And it went terrible I messed up 2 3 mark ques and one 5 mark In a 17 mark test I hate myself Yeah hopefully this test isn't graded for internals I am just glad this subject would not come back after first sem which ends in april So idk if I ever mentioned but I made a server for my class And me being me I named one of my friends there based on their 3 most used emojis Which were 🌚🙂🌝 Now the discord name font makes it look like the sun and moon are looking towards the smiley and smirking Like this And I told her how her name looks like a love triangle where the LIs (aka sun and moon) are in love with MC aka smiley face And the smiley is like help Me stuck They are creep Look at the pain in 🙂's eyes lol Best emote Trying out sour belt for the first time... Wish me luck It's not bad Tastes like berry juice I bought 2 sour belts and 2 choco rolls thinking that me and my brother will have 1 of each He ate both the choco rolls and lft the sour belts for me 😔 Did you not sleep the entire night lu? Thanks @( ˶ᵔ༝ᵔ˶) milquetoast ♡ I needed those pokeballs to catch the charmander so that I can continue to battle 😭 i wish i could give you some of my sleep lol. I sleep A LOT! I don't wanna sleep but then I have practical test tomorrow at 9 :/ WHYYYYY Happy birthday! Ayyy Whoa That 4th one looks so dope Uhhh Good question Looks like a tin can opener I feel it's a tin opener Wuts ravioli O Would make sense ngl NGL choices version is da best Also eww whitwashed blaine Why is the 4th one always a whitewashed version Also rheya looks so young in the 1st one lmao Hmm mayhaps lol google be spying off topic but does anyone like writing practical files? haha you have no idea. basically we have this one side plain and one side ruled notebook where we write all our practical tests and their observations to get graded the deadline to submit my physics practical file is tomorrow morning I still haven't started writing And I can't get myself to write I mean that's what we are supposed to do lol but it's so boring and so much work like you need to make tables, diagrams etc 😩 :kek: Also I DO NOT KNOW A LOT OF THINGS WTHHH most of these questions are like :wut: true the mom and daughter shifted to grovershire from london no wait the mom shifted when she was pregnant are we completely ignoring the fact that he favours MC for some reason? It was organic in TRR... 🥺 and now maxwell is just a chaotic sex machine I played with maxwell as LI till TRR 3 and edited most of TRH where maxwell had sex every chapter even after the baby was born... just like other LIs I could not believe PB did my poor maxwell so dirty TRH tried to fit 4 completely different people into one placeholder called {Spouse}. And they ended up messing every route ngl I edited one of the immy dirty thirties and boy if you are into the horny, you are in for a ride. Like it was too much for my ace ass but I can see people enjoying it. alas people don't like buff females who can stand on their own. I mean no offense to the nia stans she's cute but immy is just as perfect. I think part of the reason is because we get satisfied with less. Having a shitty rep? Great! At least we are getting rep'ed. This shouldn't be the case... We should not thank PB just cause there's an option for POC/female LIs because perhaps other companies don't give a shit. This and so much more is our right and we should show that we are not satisfied and we need more accurate rep also we need to punch those people who are racist and homophobic #PunchAHomophobe is so satisfying lmao dw drew I have been successful in making the entire tumblr fandom againt me XD HER CAPTIONS ARE SOOOO CRINGE OMG AND ALL THOSE EMOJIS EWWWW she's a korean who lovess kpop the instagram fandom is really toxic I find it worse than fb fandom but then again I haven't really been a part of fb fandom so idk correction : gay, *male* and hates TRR? Blasphemy! :smart: yup eating panipuris for dinner, Indian ladies only wear sarees, calling janu, often being dark-skinned but not too dark etc yup also the inconsistency with muslim rep in ptr 😖 wh- I got mara to compose a very professional request asking them to not leak stuff for their own good and sent it to Lin phan mhaarco using a burner account The next day she blocked me from DMing or viewing her profile without giving any reply :kek: And the audacity lmao. She be like don't repost spoilers they are my work... Like dude, it's PB's work originally. You just arranged the puzzle pieces and you put your watermark like it's your artwork smh We post spoilers at spoilerland but at least we don't show it off as our work lmao. Have you played tf? The junior to be specific Did you Nathan... Welp Yeah Those... Exist? Wow lol I used to be a completionist until bolas ch 9 released aka until I started reading scripts Now idek what is on the release schedule 🙈 Lmao Also :OOF: The most interesting fact was bolas had a new (and horrifying) sprite for kade which only those people got to see who were like messing up a lot I mean, due to wiki, several. But I bet the count of people seeing it in game especially at the time of release was really low Kinda? Same But then again I was scared when I first saw the CG in ilitw ch 1 Gone are the days when you were punished for cheating Spl peeps already saw the sprite and read the script but there were only like 20-30 people at that time and not all of them were active sooo... Did anyone ever make a post about how the bolas and bb finale were similar? Lol Let's move to #🏹blades-of-elves-humans-and-orcs for this discussion I am so glad my class is chaotic We decided to enter the class with same pfp lol And the pfp is a cat in Saint clothing Lol yeah Idk how relationships work but you should def talk Okay so I came online to tell That today was the bday of our comm skills prof And students of my class made a wholesome video And the one who edited the video uploaded it on yt so that we can share the link And accidentally marked it as nsfw So whenever we click on the link We get this I am pretty sure the cake is a pic from internet It still has like 2 percent battery I don't get butt jokes I am a boomer Ohhh I think now I got it Bel meant it like the NSFW warning is for cake aka booty So seeing usual cake he is like not the cake I was expecting Am I right? Yassss I am finally not a boomer I did not contribute anything as I was busy talking to my cousin But my batchmates did a pretty good job Neither do I lol. One of our classmates told us it's our comm skills prof's bday right after class aka 4pm We sent the video at 11:50pm She hasn't seen it yet She must have slept lol Nahh I put it to charge when we were chatting. It's on 10 now We certainly hope so lol. I still can't believe they managed to get the video ready in such a short amount of time Best part of the video :kek: This image right here is sort of like our unofficial mascot. So since we are really chaotic, we decided to set this as our pfp for all our classes... I never bothered to celebrate teachers' bday NGL. But my new batchmates thought it was a good idea XD 😂 Wait lemme show you the ss of our class Y'all seem like really serious when I compare to my batch Their chaos is next level We played music when the teacher was teaching XD My school was pretty boring too But college oh my Dude we made whatsapp stickers of our classmates and professors. That's how chaotic we are The stickers made using my face has taglines like "shaam ka kya plan hai babyyy" (what's your plan for the evening babe) and "mujhe sharam aati hai guysss" (I am shy guyss) Eksksksk Yeah There's more stickers with my face Aww Our cultural fest is gonna be online Like how does that even work We call it billi baba but I guess that works too :kek: God knows lol. My farewell was offline since I graduated from hs in 2019 Dw Enjoy while you can Because while we have fun There's a shit ton of work I dropped a year for JEE. Best year of my life College is a mixed bag but I like it Also in order to achieve that picture I sent above, we basically threatened to nickname everyone deshdrohi (traitors) if they come with their old pfps Our threat as you can see was taken very seriously :kek: We are gonna keep the pfps for tomorrow's class as well 😂 Our math prof asked what's with the pfps And one of our classmates replied Ma'am it's <insert classmate name> bday and we wanted to surprise her! ~~it was indeed her bday but the pfp plan was made wayy in advance lmao~~ Maybe... 👀 @DaHomieDrew 's status omg Lol Indeed You are not supposed to manipulate the logs Also stop deleting my messages djdjdjsks What did I do I never manipulated the logs But I mean Fair But also Not fair Give some of those popcorn to me I'm hungry Dbdjsksks I bet apart from the admins and mods (and maybe lu) no one's gonna understand a thing we are saying Thankyou lu 😂 It's Friday for me snsmsmak Also yeah Paige :Dopeysad: Imma go dm her rq Nice Sjsjsksk :dogekek: This reminded me of the time I told viv I already knew her irl name and she was like what? When how eh I bet it has STH to do with fb 😏 Right lu? I went to twitch but all I saw was belbercike and emptiness :Dopeysad: I did It just says belbercike And not your irl name Unless Belbercike is your irl name Doesn't chaotic kicker of ass has more syllables than unforgivable spellign? Tbh we like you for who you currently are bel! And we don't give an eff about your past it can go jump in a ditch or sth Ooh who do we have here 👀 Omg remember when you introduced yourself first time on spl 1 and I was like how would I even pronounce your name in VCs I signed up to get updates on that one Wattpad ish novel Well not really Wattpad it was a diff app I forgot the name but the book was called uhh ok I forgot the book name too An upgraded soul! That was the name And the app was word novel I think? The author was cherry And he just went mia after writing like 172 chaps I was looking forward to mc kicking some ass But alas Yeah I came to discord to pester him everyday For a month he would reply with excuses And then he straight up ignored me 😑 He made a discord server to talk to his readers But only I joined Idk why Djsjsksk I mean They are an author They would be having a good advice lol Aww that's nice Ok so as we know this book didn't work out. I joined another server because my friend told me it's cool The friend was actually my listener on 7cups He taught me discord And like how the bots work But then the server he made me joined went through a transition And I did not like it So I would talk to him in DMs And then I joined a youtuber's server. This was the first server I was very active in and I still chat there And then I decided to make my own server since I was a big baby and big baby liked the idea of being admin So I made a choices fandom server since I thought those don't exist And I invited the instagram fandom Some joined Saw discord Got scared Ran away My server was dead So I decided to advertise it I invited disboard And that's when I realized Choices fandom servers already exist So I joined pcf Was really active there Got acquainted to kezz Who taught me how to get spoilers And after some events I decided to rebrand my choices server that had like the ig peeps who didn't leave the server but uninstalled discord from their phones to spoilerland And I think my story got so long y'all slept through it I mean Even I laugh a lot lol But it's mostly like physical laughter Huh? I never thought that way. I do use lol and lmao wayy too often but like irl I am hysterically laughing so like it makes sense XD Because I laugh very easily like I am the type who would be the first to lose a try not to laugh challenge 🙈 227/1967 messages include me laughing in some form. Inchresting Metta's stats
Total messages : 13970
Lol : 1076
Lmao : 587
XD : 5
:kek: : 12
:dogekek: : 6 Djsnsnfjdk Laughter percentage for metta = 12.08% Shucks I forgot to count teehee 8 teehee 12.13% Updated laughter percentage After including teehee Now I wanna calculate laughter percentage for everyone 👉👈 My laughter percentage is 11.70% Time to calculate lu's You will be the next after lu Because idk I have a feeling you'll have a low percentage lol Lu's results are underwhelming 6.97% Lu you should laugh more It's good for your health Oki time for me fav voltra *sigh* 0.78% Really Voltra? 20966 I- Time to count times Voltra said metta Because why not 228 times 1.09% Tfw your metta percent is higher than laughter percent Nice initiative but it's not gonna make much of a difference to your laughter percentage :kek: I am high today Aww I am honoured Now I wanna make a discord bot that calculates everyone's laughter percentages Help Also stop spamming Voltra 😂 Oh wait I didn't count lmfao Jdskkdalsk Yup 😑 Nvm indeed Ok who else wants to get their laughter percentage calculated? Since I am procrastinating rn :) A very interesting stat but the priyas could be Priya ladrink Priya so sndnsk If we count em all Your pri percentage is 0.95% Still higher than your laughter percentage Voltra what are you doing? We do behave tho Tell me one instance where we caused a problem What happened earlier tho :MunchlaxMunch: Xjkdkaks Oh yeah Well Hush a bye baby I need to find 2 more stats Times Voltra used :marafrogemoji: and times metta used :bartiemad: Ok 3 Brb Yeah It's a close competition tho 46 :bartiemad: 49 :marafrogemoji: And 21 CURSED Voltra used :marafrogemoji: 4 times I really wonder what Voltra messages the most Since she got like 21k messages 6 inchresting Yeah Surprising Stop is 40 But 🥺 Ok mom OH SHIT ITS ALMOST 2:30 ALREADY I HAVE A FREAKING CLASS AT 10 Lu But he's a cool grandpa For a second I read that as wherever and I was :marafrogemoji: I told y'all I am high today 😂 Somebody sober me up Metta upping his bartie and laughter percentages :MunchlaxMunch: But y'all are cool grandparents. Like the ones other kids at school get jealous of And then there's my dad who would crack dad jokes all the time and when I told him these dad jokes are cringy he's like dad jokes? Is that even a thing? Sometimes Tho he is strict when it comes to romance and stuff so not really OMG YESSS He is exactly the combination of the two Idk ms match dad ngl What's a pavlov Huh Me confusion .ud pavlovian response Ohhh Ahh Tho I got it with the first example so is it still bad? Uberbot isn't that bad afterall Ooh I take it back Bad bot And lessons go in #🗣education-channel XD You must have never asked for the role XD But it's there in #🛑rules-to-follow And #📜information I didn't :/ I mean Ooh Is it Oop Do you want the role tho? Lol Thanks Also done #🗣education-channel is all yours I am on my bed Sitting .ud sleep Dammit uberbot Fine Gniteeee there's one on tumblr I think ahh just saw the message https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vzvaNnNDiAts2wfHZ6sRp4dDH4AxIjVI I was so fricking confused lmao Dirty thirties :PBSeeIToldYouSo: My autocorrect is fairly decent. Like the typos aren't that much. Also I love my keyboard because it has emoji kitchen and a sick bg Like look at this!!! 😍 And yes it's the te bg where like aster lives Tho I took it from emi's bolas bg folder XD Ikrrr You are not the only one Andie 😔 Fair I just lost the motivation And even fa seems like trr but politics to me now Yasss Speaking of which Dayum uni politics is really messed up Idk if anyone noticed that ub3rb0t is called absolutely for over a week now :kek: oop the skyrim reference is preset I have nothing to do with it 🙈 I feel you Lu 🥺 https://cse.google.com/cse?cx=1c23f9e332eda38f7
so I was bored and was looking for stuff on the internet and I found that you can make custom search engines for free so I made one that searches from choices wiki and the subreddit. Idk where (or if) I'll be using it anywhere or in any of my *upcoming* (hopefully, unless I get lazy) projects but now it just exists lmao. Feel free to use it and lmk what you think Also it's almost 5:30 so sorry if whatever I said didn't make any sense Imma head off to sleep now Gnite or I guess good morning XD Imagine getting a message at **1 am** from your HOD that the department will celebrate a holiday and have an informal meeting in the afternoon Like why? Also test on Thursday ~~but we sorta asked for it~~ I am just thinking about all the students who have slept and will wake up to a message saying "meeting at 2:30" when it was supposed to be a holiday That's the point. They want you to utilise your holiday That's why project deadlines are mostly on monday :MunchlaxMunch: What was that? Parampara pratishtha Voltra's fav dialogue 😂 Yasss Y'all should watch her say bollywood dialogues it's fricking awesome Voltra would you like to translate what you said for our non Hindi speakers 😂 :kek: Looks like I'll have to do the honours huh At least they kept your crown lmao We only did it a couple of times XD. Then ansh took advantage and changed your name frequently. Like the hair heir thing was ansh :kek: He offered to have the role so that he could bring things back to normal after someone caused chaos on their bday So during my math class whenever ma'am said alpha, Alexa got triggered and started hearing for commands Looks like she thinks she is the alpha of the house Not me being worried that a voice assistant is taking over the household as alpha :niapanic: Oop Maybe ma'am's alp- Alexa is special lol In my uni group This is what I am known for ||https://c.tenor.com/FcdsMTi1ECIAAAAM/cute-comfort.gif|| (nsfwish) ~~i hope it's not nsfw~~ 🙈 My fav gif, yes I use it wayy too frequently in the group I could stare at this gif for hours It's so satisfying for some reason Oop I was doubtful if it's nsfw Since it's like a cartoon Ig spoiler tag should be fine It says cute comfort in the link 🙈 It *is* a massage :kek: nicknamed purity bot as source of cheap alcohol TW?//||well it's actually more like cheap drugs|| due to this ongoing joke in the uni group lol i was boutta say that took so long lmao yes but in the context above its like ||getting high on drugs|| ~~do you want me send ss of staff chats~~ :marafrogemoji: I come to discord to say hi and find myself being called out :kek: See being the chaotic founder wizard, it is my duty to cause chaos Which one? I don't think it's tlpo is it? But who's the clout Ok I forgot why tlpo was written in the first place Ohhhh I thought it is a British swear Ok that makes sense now :kek: Oop Off topic but would you buy this hoodie? Idk who that is ggkhdsvb Ooh He looks fiiiine I want that hairstyle ngl And I am a sucker for black And hoodies So like I guess I wanna cosplay him djdnksks Ughh I wish I could shave my hair. Like have an undercut But then again I am scared I won't be able to pull it off Plus my hair's really thin So like undercut will make it even thinner I have the perfect image to describe your mood drew Finally found it Jdjbfjk ikr Because that's my mood too Also that's actually me Basically I wore the hoodie the wrong way one day And I thought hey I can hide my face with it So I hid my face and took a pic for some reason And now it is a sticker on my uni whatsapp group with the tagline that translates to "I can't bear the torture anymore" We use that sticker whenever we are informed of impromptu classes or tests 🙃🙃 Because I forgot to tell you the server :kekwhands: You have to search in pcf Bel knows The car parking Yknow the car parking Omg I remember this dude! He used to go by 7-11-up back then It was always problematic It was lying about being 18+ I wasn't there when that happened but yeah 😬 me too :kek: also because the dude DMed me every day for like 2 months so I would rant about it to mara basically no one gave an f to his stories. I one day commented about his story giving feedback and I guess I wasn't that direct. BIG MISTAKE ON MY PART so he would DM me to update about his story well after 2 months... yes fair :kek: lol I remember losing all my patience that day I blocked him what? really ouch oh boy at least the morella server likes his stuff I know :kek: he actually wasn't from there originally I invited him there saying they love writers that server was just then again it was made by the tumblr fandom what do you expect ikr! we didn't know he was under 18 at that time yeah hopefully what's funny is he talks like ub3rb0t @UB3R-B0T SHUT UP see this is how he talked OMG YEAH HE EVEN MADE THAT IMAGE because he's @UB3R-B0T lmao ikr also in spl the tna CGs you know the ones We leaked them in #🔞cursed-chat and he was so dramatic about it to the point mara said Stop being so dramatic :marafrogemoji: I still remember like a few days before I blocked him he was like no server likes my work and keeps calling me out. Abd they are harsh while doing so but the morella one :dogeheart: they understand my passion ok I might be exaggerating but this is the idea from what Paige told me the last time we talked about it, the server is basically archived (meaning no new messages) till blades 2 becomes a thing but I think their poppy server is doing great idk sjhdbiakusdh IKR 20 bucks says the server might have been already deleted by now :kek: they send poppy fics and roleplay as qb peeps and there's an NSFW channel called poppy's bedroom which... let's not talk about it They even nicknamed mee6 as THE T and give special roles to the weekly top 5 yup sdjfhoefh IDK also a lot of our spoilers were leaked on that server fair :kek: Uhhh I just received a text that I have a class at 9 tomorrow wtf It's past 1:30! So I guess I should sleep lol Sorry lu we'll have to do her heart to heart some other time djdkskcns Anyways enjoy your birthday! ~~also feel free to cause chaos I'll be waiting~~ Hold on... Milque hasn't even played Pokemon go since then too Ok now I am worried Y'all choices isn't a 12+ game anymore About time they updated that I mean being 12+ while having content like tna is more concerning lmao Tho it does mean that choices is not gonna back from the chapters strategy Which is sad Congrats bel! Me wants PC But me brother wants PC too Me wants PC for looking into choices stuff Me brother wants PC to edit his yt video Who should get the PC? Atidyirty alas that's not possible 😂 > Questions like these are tough enough, and then, if you’re Twitter, you have to decide what to do when the President’s tweets violate your Terms of Service.

Is that shade at trump? https://www.instagram.com/reel/CKY_PF0nqkz/?igshid=89ai5cot1yct 

Of course my uni classmate tagged me in this post lmao I blame y'all for this :marafrogemoji: Speaking of which @Belbercike do you remember that one post on the main server which says you're gay if you type all caps, type fuykdk, type y'all etc.? Oop. I was thinking to show that to my uni mates Djsksksk I'm sorry, what? rkhjsbteikrbt I mean It's russian it's actually funny to look up common words through google translate ngl ~~not me looking for a chatbot name for a hackathon~~ also the fact mara kept saying gayi/gaya = gay
(gayi/gaya is actually went in hindi) HOW'S SHOKU FOR A NAME? ooh we can do shokugeki as name and shoku as nickname I will tell that in #🎄admin-chat one word fhnsuikjrdfhbseikujrfhkesujhtfgbsbfreywsgbfawiueshriuywahehgfrwaegdrwfso still blame y'all btw :kek: actually no I think I mainly caught this from Paige I blame her 😌 made you admin for like 3 seconds teehee no harm done XD I took it away before she could realize .ud contention no I don't :MunchlaxMunch: aww 🙈 I just wanted to have fun I DID NOT DO ANYTHING THIS TIME .ud asinine no I don't what even is happening here me is a chaotic soul that is why I should never be given immense powah :Dopeysad: yeah 🙈 english is not my first language and I cba to look up stuff on google so I just use urban dictionary I DID IT LIKE 100 YEARS AGO too late XD :MunchlaxMunch: you saw nothing dfhuisdhfiusedh your welcome https://tenor.com/view/itscold-dogs-pets-gif-10582145 mood yes...? :OOF: at least it ain't snowing where I am just chill winds noice :Dopeysad: teehee doesn't really feel humid ngl at least in my room MINE IS FAHRENHEIT TOO SHFBKHJFBJHEWRB 63 C would be horribly hot oof the highest I have experienced is like 47ish .tell 47C into F ooh wait lemme try sth I am so not looking forward to that once I get a job dayum y'all really server parents/grandparents now I am scared of turning 20 adfaedekfjh speaking of college nooooo nuuuuuu it's storytime yeah fuasedjfhksu oof I have class at 10am I think idk I didn't see my schedule oh yeah so basically our prof was listing our mid sem syllabus today and she made us mark from two books but she recommended 3 books at the beginning of session so one student asked in our whatsapp group what about the third and I said "it's a reference book but ig you can read relevant topics if you want" and added that "I know a few who will because they wanna top the class" and everyone except one girl took it lightheartedly as a joke that girl was like "You should stop playing politics it's not cool and I don't wanna be involved in it" And I was like :huh: she is also the one I was indirectly pointing at btw so everyone including me were like calm down there's no politics going on and she was like whatever it's just a matter of 4 years after which we won't have to see each other IT'S BARELY BEEN A MONTH SINCE CLASSES STARTED, WE LEGIT HAVE NOT SEEN EACH OTHER IRL AND SHE SAYS THIS yeah... I wasn't even serious when I started the convo and she took it in the worst way possible does that mean Lu is metta's daughter? I completely agree Lu 🌚 hey metta you free now? :Dopeysad: y'all are missing out on voltra singing lol DREWWWW @DaHomieDrew Metta did a voice reveal once again my dad entered the room so i had to mute myself sdjfbnskjefhbn also wrong channel dfjkbhnskdjfh I did not think this through Now I'm feeling sleepy And I have a class at 10 and one at 11 cann't sleep before 12 🥲 Note to self : manchow soup is very spicy well... I slept from like 12noon till 7 pm ghfvtgfv I am in a VC already. Just not this server you sure about that lu? ftvtuyfytugf 10-7 is actually great except its sorta longer than 8 hours sdfbsekdhfb NGL the new choices players have it so good in terms of mining diamonds Like I am only spending keys on wt, hero, mtfl and roe mw and I still get enough diamonds to buy my fav scenes in hero Tho I did feel bad about not being able to adopt the catto in wt Me too :garbryce: does anyone know any free video editor that's also like easy to use and decent enough to make meme videos for windows btw Can't say about the server but my DMs allow piracy :zoeywink: as long as they actually work and don't corrupt my PC thanks youtube I like how I am getting a claim despite the video being unlisted :kek: I can't monitize Because the channel is very new like this is the first video :kek: OOH IT'S OUT yikes why is every choices book a romance pun of course lol ya can't name a book slow burn without actually having a slow burn :PBSeeIToldYouSo: Because PB likey smokey Eww Thank god they didn't Ikrrr The running is hilarious I tried to record some CGs so that I can make them into gifs but they aren't really that good. Like some have the tap to continue, some have the chapter name popping on top and the poppy kiss scene has an entire dialogue ndsjxkgjsk Question Am I a nerd? I am disappointed that y'all think I am a nerd ~~but everyone thinks I am a nerd so ig it's true djsnsksk~~ also thankyou voltra for saying mayhaps instead of yes because that made me feel better lmao. Also fun fact Even discord knows how cursed their light theme is :dogekek: Ikr I have used light theme for like a week You get used to it but it's still really harsh on your eyes Lmao drew That is a very accurate representation ngl So we just received a circular that asks us to submit a consent form in case we wanna come to uni to perform physics practicals And I am torn Like I wanna go But I'll have to reach by 9am on Wednesday Meaning I'll have to leave home by 7:30 Meaning I'll have to wake by 6 I mean It's only for Wednesday Because they are only calling us to perform practicals But still 😔 Like usual sms? Ooh How about group convos tho Nice Dayum and here I thought smses were obsolete lmao I mean they are just calling us to perform physics ~~and chemistry~~ practicals lol. So like weekly 2 hours because my branch doesn't have chemistry And for my batch those 2 hours happen to be from 9-11 on wednesday so 😬 should we do sth like this again now that there are more active members in the server??? it can also include future books like COP, SB, LOA and zombies @MaralinaSakura do you remember this? do you remember winning it tho? I wanted to hear public opinions before we actually planned the event in #🎄admin-chat Oh my god why da hecc am I seeing the old UI??? Lol FA looks so weird and out of place And I am just gonna ignore the fact that WB has thobm as placeholder lmao Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh How dare they Use hero as placeholder For trr but politics Hero had like 3 parties If it's the only way to get book 2, I'm game lol Book 2 is MC going to alien land a la la Huerta's true origin and realising they were the president's child. The president has been pew pew by Silas and now both of them are running for elections because democracy ftw baby Wait If MC is in la huerta And LI is on earth How is MC gonna marry? Oh god What if MC is forced to marry someone from la Huerta due to some stupid bonding rule Like how they had in hellboy Judging 2021 PB This is not really far fetched But the question is Do we really need the sequel that badly that we'll even consider wack plots like this? I mean I'm all for goofy plots but not as a part to the hero series lol Wishful thinking was basically goofy rom com with magick I am having all these ideas and theories on what I think might have happened but I am too lazy to type them all out lol Djdjsksks Or maybe I'll make a doc sometime after exam And one of you can make into a fanfic or sth Wait what happened last time??? Omg yea Snsnsk This time I do need sleep lol Because I have mid sems tomorrow Well today since it's past 12 XD Thanks I haven't studied at all lol Gonna study somewhat in the morning The test is at 1pm Well the subject is communication skills... Idek what to study lmao Thanks! I do hope I get a decent grade But I doubt it since I kind of pissed the teacher by maybe saying that I don't care about her subject Djsksksksk okay 😂 Yeah I think you did Same But never got the courage to ask XD Haha Lmao I will have to care about money once my family moves Dnsjsksks Reminds me of alec Who tried arguing with June about apostrophes Can I just say I love how chaotic #⏯choices-land is And y'all beat me at causing chaos I have been dethroned! I wanna join on the RP fun but I am procrastinating on creating the RP characters lol IKR!!! Dndjsjsk Yeah I do 😂 That's why the :worryinjudge: emoji Oh you were pretty and sneaky lol Jfjssjsjsk Ok fine Good night We'll continue tomorrow at 3 3pm Tho I think lu will be asleep by then Dammit timezones For real Ok gn! Bye! Oop Also I almost had a panic attack today Because I had my online mid term and there was power outage where I live Dksmsksks I mean my area doesn't have the random outages thankfully. Apparently there was some problem with the transformer that took like 5+ hours to fix So I was in panic mode and didn't know what to do So I went to a cyber cafe to give my exam Oof Yeah it's tough Weather in north india (esp delhi NCR) sucks big time Yeah it did I didn't have to cheat because I wasn't at home so my friends were sad that I didn't send them answers But I was able to give my exam peacefully :dogekek: I am just laughing at the fact that there's a dogecoin sndnsks Is doge here btw? I can't seem to ping him tho :( Wait dnd doesn't let you get pinged? Poggers Oh nvm I was using small d Very off topic but is Mathematica a paid software? So how does that work? Because my university conducted a session on using mathematica but idk if it's free or paid or whatever I feel like they sent a download link on whatsapp but I can't find it now 🥲 Omg lu you look so pretty! Did some more searching and I found one. Thanks! Now I am feeling like putting my face as pfp Let's see what we got in my gallery You're sounding like redfield lol Weeeee Ooh irl pfp gang!!! We are a cult now IRL pfp cult This one's a huge cult. The IRL pfp cult is a small cult inside the chaotic cult Yessss We are the secret society everyone wants a taste of Yassss but we aren't evil Just chaotic YOU HAVE A SONNNNN????? No we are Kappa omega theta zjsjksks Still counts Who is it??? Ooh Nice Mara is my daughter :kek: Lol Aww I mean They're not wrong Djsksksksk yes We need marriage bot here stat Lmao I regret missing it 😂 I have only played minecraft once that too the web version I just went inside an ocean or sth And I couldn't figure out how to get out of there Ooh Is Pokemon one of them 👀 Haha I voltra and metta had randomized playthroughs That reminds me I still haven't finished the platinum one Oh I have a copy you can use on your mobile/laptop/PC It went fairly well I mean I did have panic attacks because of the power outage But I reached a cyber cafe last minute And saved the day yayyy Also I was able to put one of my Pokemon at a nearby gym Yeah Worst part was apparently there weren't any cyber cafes in the main market I have seen everything but your face :Dopeysad: Get your mind Outta the gutter!!!! Lol Lol. All thanks to Sophie ~~and that one time you sent your selfie~~ Mr. Secret 🎵 @MaralinaSakura join me! We doin cross gene karaoke xjsjska Fdjsksk wait That's not mr. Secret sjsnsksksk I do? ~~jk~~ Mr. Secret You introduced me to them *daughter* You pinned it before I could sjsmsksk Also is there a idk what's that animation court thingy called For this exam? But I don't! Djsjskskks Somebody tell me what's it called lol Ye But what's that person's name Aww Chaos Super junior is some boy band Metta revealed his tax returns??? Poggers There's a reason I am typing in my exams instead of writing and uploading sheets Snsjksks I mean fair But also My handwriting is horrible I revealed it in pcf btw 😉 I learnt how to write in print in kindergarten Then I go to first grade And get scolded that I don't know cursive My cursive is squiggly lines ngl I changed that a while back djsksndjdk Goodmorning bel Join the IRL pfp cult bel You too voltra You can show a part of it Like just the eyes I was gonna ask the same thing sjdsksksk You have already done a face reveal kio What? :MunchlaxMunch: Also I see what you did there kio :PBSeeIToldYouSo: So does that mean Ansh is not a scary looking dude who I think is JOKER but I am dumb Oh so I am not dumb Glad to know :kek: Yeah me 3 I think I'm a pretty open book over here lol There is a tea squad? How did I not know about this Me wants to join But Never have I ever drank tea Dhdjsmsksk She's calling me shameless in hindi Only people online do lol. I am very boring irl apparently Metta knows spanish Yknow we should have a game Where you both converse in spanish And I and voltra reply in hindi And then we translate it all to see what the convo is actually about Ok then marathi for you Hindi for me Spanish for metta and lu Basically we just reply to what we think the other person meant to say Na na koi jung pe nhi jaa raha :MunchlaxMunch: Mujhe aam ka aachar pasand h. Ye esu ka aachaar kaha milta h? Yeah Or maybe we should take turns Pero why :MunchlaxMunch: Ok it's 3am and my mom is in the hall while I am on my bed and I hear these weird sounds And now I'm scared Djdnsmsk No It's someone singing Hopefully not my mom That's def not humming if I can hear it in the bedroom lmao Why am I surprised that you have been to Coachella? Lol Also it's def my mom Singing this song - https://youtu.be/0qNj6eh1PcQ And she's trying to imitate the dude's voice And it's low-key scary She's in the hall And I think she is recording herself singing dhsmsmsjsk Nahhh I'm scareddd Mommy come pick me up Wait no Daddy come pick me up I have no idea Can I join? 👀 I can join the sore back convo lol My back def feels like 64 Should I just startle my mom by barging in to the hall? No she's wide awake But pretty sure she thinks I'm asleep Sjdjdndnjs Evil But genius Brb So I barged into her room (apparently she was in the other room working on PC instead of hall) And asked her about the song And she said she was bored so she was entertaining herself with the ~~scary~~ funny singing Also she's working on a new yt video Which is a romantic poem For valentine's day Is that snow? In california? Ooh It's a blizzard! Me wants to see snowfall Aww Me scared for tomorrow's mid term :( It's math Yeah In one of the GC Whoa I am happily enjoying the single life babe I just have 2 kids And those kids have spouses/kids of their own Also one of my kid is my wife on puritybot I mean To be fair I am on my bed Lying in my blanket Semantics error Didn't come in exam today Even tho it was in syllabus RIP Hiiiiii You don't know how to multiply Get it? Bye Multiply It rhymes Well kinda Pri likey :DogeLick: Ok Imma go to sleep But not because my mom is back It is pri as in preee I do know STH about metta's name He shares his name with a choices character If I had made you my mom then mara and furi would have been siblings 🤭 I just realized this fact and hence posted it sjskskskzk Our happy lil chaotic family It's entertaining to say the least :MunchlaxMunch: Skkddkjdjssk lol Hi!!! Ok so remember when I said I am working with some of my friends on a companion chatbot called shoku? So I could really use some help with ideas and suggestions for it Djdjsksks I mean you are great with ideas lol Basically the plan is to make a chatbot that hopefully works on Google assistant on your phone or smart speakers like Google home. It's prime purpose is to listen and talk to you when you feel lonely and hear everything without judging you And in case it detects instances that you need to seek professional help, it'll either ask you to seek professional help or in extreme cases contact some national helpline on its own by attaching the chat transcript It will also have some basic exercises feeded that will help you calm down and feel better. Yknow like breathing exercise, counting till 10 that sort of thing Yeah something like that! And if it's something that extreme, it'll also let your emergency contacts (if you have set up any) know about you feeling that way so that they can help you It's supposed to be made using machine learning so it'll have some automated responses but it'll also keep on learning with conversations I think that should be a part of initial set up (like having some emergency contacts the bot could contact in case of emergency) And maybe it can ask the user before actually calling them Oof I guess having a confirmation is a better idea 😅 Ooh can you elaborate this please? Like have calming music and letting the person know that the bot is there for them? NGL if I end up learning robotics I am gonna make me an UwU and baymax 😂 Oof Did it burn? NGL same What happened mara? :kek: Moony mcmoonface :kek: Oh god I am wheezing Humanity has reached a whole another level Ooh that sounds like a nice idea Also one question What is one thing you don't want to hear when you are really upset Aww In my personal experience, I know these don't really work and I think most people get tired of hearing these statements during tough times. But sometimes people don't really know what to say (including myself) so we stick to what we hear others say during similar situation :( Yeah I have seen people who prefer silence than getting sympathy that feels artificial as well as people who prefer to hear and talk even tho if its a simple it'll all be okay. That is something which depends from person to person. OMG YESSS That's genius And something that's possible too Start reading from here. You'll get an idea lol I think we'll be starting simple but I do want to make shoku a refined chatbot that actually doesn't feel robotic and has all these features and more Yeah I think I'll have to talk to professionals to know what are some signs that indicate it but that's def something I can look into. The main idea is def shoku suggesting to contact a human (either relatives/friends or seek professional help) once it feels that the person needs it Because at the end of the day it's still a chatbot and there will be times when shoku won't be sufficient to help the user Ooh I wonder if I can incorporate the audiobooks into shoku so shoku can read the user these books For now I'll be using the speech model google uses so it'll be similar to Google assistant in terms of speech recognition performance but in a few years I can def try to improve the speech recognition by giving it more data (like more samples where the user is crying and speaking) to make it more precise Yeah. It's just supposed to be like someone people could talk to initially but I don't think it's ever gonna be a replacement to professional help or the care your loved ones provide as much as I want it to. Shoku's strongest points are gonna be the fact that it doesn't judge you and it'll be available with you wherever, whenever While that would be a cool feature, I am not sure if it's right to have professionals working for free (unless they are open for volunteering) and I don't really want to have pricing be a factor for shoku because I don't really feel like something like this needs to have features you need to pay for if that makes sense Yeah it could def suggest users to seek professional help on their own or maybe provide websites where users could look for one Most countries have at least one national helpline I think there's a website with the list to all those helplines Ooh I didn't know about that but that's awesome There's wrong with everything about the cover except the fact that it has all the LIs I am :worryinjudge: at the fact you said Italy before Ooh Now I wanna play bp Maybe next week :worryinjudge: No 🌚 I dont know whatchu talkin' about YOU DELETED IT XJDMSKSKDLS Admin abuse :worryinjudge: Be glad discord allows editing messages unlike whatsapp lol Ahhhhhhh Welcome back firework Good to see you!!!! How were your exams? Ooh That's nice We got only 4 days for midsems I mean I get what you mean. Less days gives you more stress and hence more motivation to study 😂 Oh oh oh btw Just wanted to let everyone know Me and my uni friends did some more brainstorming today along with some reality checks. So for the first version of shoku, we are gonna focus more on college students and then slowly expand shoku's target demographic We are planning to get the survey for shoku out before sleeping. Also I can't show my face to 10s of thousands of people lmao. Oh dayum it's over 100k now Ikr It's almost scary First actually 😂 Djsnsksk thanks I am not alone tho. We are a team of 4 girls who have envisioned a lot for shoku I am also planning to contact my mom's friend's daughter who is a therapist so that we do it right It's basically a chatbot which will be accessible through Google assistant and you can like talk to it whenever you feel lonely Like you just need to say "talk to shoku" on your phone or smart speaker Also you look cute I mean I have seen you before but this pic is chef's kiss Wait I think it's the same pic but cropped It's the one with your brother right? No I was talking about the pic you showed in our GC before Ooh Ahh Gotcha Mhmm we will be using the Google nlu model for now (so basically shoku would understand your voice like Google assistant) but once we learn NLP and methods to make the model more precise (like we were talking yesterday how Google doesn't always understands you when you are say, crying and speaking) we will be working on our own nlu model too Well it won't be able to distinguish voices for now, we are assuming only one person talks to shoku per device Thankyouuu! Means a lot Just tell them that you need to link your Google and fb accounts lol. And tell them any reason like for added comfort or whatever dnsnsksk Btw Weeeeeeee https://forms.gle/RnqSVT1vAMTuKbEXA This survey will allow us to have a better idea about your needs and help us work in that field For those of you who missed the convo before Basically I along with some of my friends are working on a companion chat bot ~~also please share the survey with your friends it will mean the world to me~~ Also you don't have to share your IRL name, discord name would work just fine and you can leave the college name, year and branch fields ~~that was my idea~~ 🤣 fair enough 🌚🌚 I like how kaleen wrote his name modiji in the survey :kek: Lol yea There's areas in Maharashtra where it rains a lot Like mumbai And then there's drought prone areas The map was kinda accurate in depicting that It marked the coastal areas with pls stop raining Which I can certainly relate to having lived in Goa for 11 years Ahh they forgot WB Yeah they should have extended that purple to wb :MunchlaxMunch: Are we getting a Spanish squad now? Trr MC is that you? Oof My machop can fly Red bull gave him wiiiiingsssss 🙃 who knew a book that isn't a storybook or novel could be so interesting lol a hidden gem imo hold on why did the tutorial suddenly become some alien language jdfghsjkgh zdfjhhfgdzjhgf is it spanish? ooh can you please translate it for me 🥺 like just give me an idea of what's going on the entire webpage is not in spanish. Idek why this section is in spanish I guess this makes sense thanks firework and Lu! I still didn't understand what it wants to say but imma try the remaining tutorial dhjkfbskd I hate how the only decent tutorial is half spanish there's this one part that says click here but there's no hyperlink WHERE AM I SUPPOSED TO CLICK this is why you shouldn't take up projects that are too advanced for your mind to comprehend It asks to create an account for glitch but like glitch is a service for general projects I give up lol. Looks like people don't really prefer python for making discord bots 😦 time to learn JSON I guess 🙃 > “If you complete your homework, then you can go out and play”. What is really meant is “You can go out and play if and only if you complete your homework”
well... they ain't wrong tfw your ads are all related to coding 🙃 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAb_bCtKuXg my that's such a cute song and the video is also so cool Sophie : I am speeeeeed Also all my mid sems are over Woot woot Now time to drown myself into extra curriculars 🥲 Because I have a lot of work pending Aww Hope that helps You deserve a sound sleep after the final exam so I added an AI chatbot on my uni discord group for fun and was telling my friend to type jd -a to accept the terms krde = do it I was like do jd -a and the bot replies krde krde which would translate to do it do it idk I just found it funny I have no idea lmao thanks 😂 inchresting my friend is taking out all her frustration on it lmao :MunchlaxMunch: bhaagja = run away door hat = move/go away also we asked jade who's trump and she replied he's a troll I mean pretty accurate :kek: it isn't my bot lol. Got it from a quick google search :MunchlaxMunch: mhmm ahahahahaha she's probably drunk or sleep deprived :MunchlaxMunch: trying out another AI chatbot 🥲 :worryinjudge: too bad the free plan only allows me to talk upto 150 messages ~~I think it's 150 per day~~ I mean I started at 8:46pm got my quota over in less than an hour the paid plan isn't really expensive tbh it's 1$ a month for unlimited messages lol yea TRR vs TNA yup I replayed wt last so jade can speak spanish It almost feels like a song This is a very intense game of Minesweeper xjdnskks Oh my goodness I did it Anyways I am too scared to play the hard one so this is the end of me stressing myself over minesweeper Ciao I know I said I wouldn't play the hard mode but I just couldn't control myself I am legit sweating rn lmao Oh my god I did it!!! Never felt so accomplished in life XD The hard one had 75 mines Also with this I have officially won all three difficulties of minecraft Minesweeper sjsksksksk So i was talking to my only uni friend about school And then I was telling her how I switched schools after 5th and 10th grade And then I just randomly started looking up names I remember from 1st to 5th grade And found one of my friends And now I am stalking her fb profile Help Oh wow It's funny how we promise to be in touch with our friends no matter what and then we lose touch until one random day when you decide to look them up because you're nostalgic Rjrjdkek I combined 🔥 and 🎂 and got this lmao Using gboard It has emoji kitchen I got classic maggi too :kek: Very wack quiz Not recommended Does incentivising them with chocolates work? :kek: ~~dont mind my screen I just like to keep the reading mode on to keep it easy on my eyes~~ Oh yeah. Uhmm how about nachos for them? Wow Didn't think of that but that's a brilliant idea ~~imma just steal this idea for an application~~ Definitely :uwuhappy: :smart: Now I just gotta make a video taking about my teaching style and write what about tech excites me And then I wait and hope for the best My 7th grade math teacher did that djdjsksk Agreed But alas uni teachers aren't that way 🥲 But I love pizza! Sed lyf If I ever become a prof I am def giving my students pizza party Agreed I think Imma record the video for my application tomorrow because frankly I am not in a mood to get ready for a videoshoot rn lmao So does that mean sticker>> money? Omg yeah Those felt like treasures I still remember one time my teacher didn't have sticker so she drew a star on my hand and I was sad because I needed stickers!! I am wondering what your yt history looks like for you to know such a thing exists lol Ahh yes the *chugalkhor* siblings... Thankfully I didn't have one at school :kek: But I know the feeling Because I have a 11 yr old brother at home Off topic but thanks to VCs I can now hear y'all actually saying these messages in my head instead of me reading them :kek: Ahh I almost forgot you gonna be a criminologist and hence you have psychology subjects lol I feel like my parents became more controlling ever since I joined uni but that may be because discord made me rebellious :marajudge: Also the emote name I- Fair I am one of those people who buy stickers because they love them but never apply them anywhere because they can't decide where to apply them sjskskdk Never asked lol. But ig everyone loves pani puris Marry him
Uhh but he's my dad
Sweet home alabama Bilkul nahi would be more accurate 🙃 What is even happening rn I- That sounds like an innuendo :marajudge: I mean, I can't get the image from my head now and it's gross I did SQL in 12th grade... Which was more than 2 years ago I can look at the question Alr I just realized it's almost 2am where I am and I have a class at 10 so I might not be awake when you are back. But feel free to DM the screenshot of question and I'll look it up once I wake up in the morning 😊 Why the heck was bartie in my dream It was a very weird dream Featuring Bartie A weird 5 yr old girl (probably mint) My mom My dad My brother Demi lovato Some goons Bartie And my chem teacher from jee coaching who apparently was a police officer in my dream Idk it was quite scary and entertaining at the same time :MunchlaxMunch: @oge :marajudge: Nahh apparently he was my cousin or sth Hiya! Wanna tell us about this? :marajudge: Haha :smart: My classmate sent a link which I know was fake but I tried it anyways rhdjsks :MunchlaxMunch: Apparently I won an iPhone 12 pro I... Sent :MunchlaxMunch: Because I know it's a scam And I was being sarcastic :Facepalm: It's like I was eating popcorn and enjoying how they were trying to scam but it's just such a pathetic attempt that no one ~~except the friend who sent me the link I guess~~ would believe it to be true :ohgodohduck: Unless you're giving out your personal details, I feel it's fine to like check out how people scam these days :MunchlaxMunch: It's entertaining ngl :wut: Whatchu gonna use wiki for? Can we call this paigewut because she made the emote? Djsjsksk When? Ooh :Facepalm: Yeah one day when I don't have overlapping extra classes Which sucks btw You have to open 2 classes on 2 devices Because you signed up for too many of them Always has been :PBSeeIToldYouSo: Which is...? Goodness I feel like I'm high today #🗺scandals-without-apples ? Oh wait nvm Imma just shut down my PC rq And now Imma head off to sleep so toodles! Don't cause too much chaos without me :zoeywink: feels so nice when you see a question and be like :huh: Haha thanks. I am finally part of the doggo pfp gang :Duffyevil: God that emote still cracks me up :killme: I like how aog means agents of Gemini and actions on google :marajudge: Do you tho? If I did You'll kick me 🙈 You broke the chain mara! You could always the :marajudge: from this server :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :Dopeycat: My first attempt at rick rolling someone I hope it goes well :kek: One of them got Rick rolled but didn't know the meaning of Rick roll 😑 Sometimes I love the emotes we have here. Like they are so diverse and convey my every emotion. I miss them on other servers lmao Don't forget :Dopeyhappy: Ever since I added this as emote with this name, I can never look at the pb logo the same way again :dogekek: Meanwhile :threep: : am I a joke to you? :marajudge: > ***What excites you about technology and why do you want to help other students explore and learn?***
> 
> As a kid, technology was this superpower for me that made daily tasks easier. Things like calculators that could calculate the toughest calculations in a fraction of second were a lifesaver. Making beautiful powerpoint presentations with a few clicks instead of spending hours trying to decorate a sheet was my hobby. As I went to high school, I started exploring coding which made me feel like a superhero who could make her own programs to automate a variety of tasks by writing a few lines. Oh how I wish I knew about loops in fifth grade so I wouldn't have had to write the table of 13 10 times! Artificial Intelligence is another fascinating concept. It makes me believe I can finally have my own Jarvis. But as Nick Fury says, with great power comes great responsibility. That's why I want to share this superpower with everyone and tell them how much of the field is still not explored. Artificial Intelligence for one, is still in its infancy!
Does this sound like a 10 year old? I bet it does 🥲 I should probably not write at 4:44am I think I'll write with a fresh mind in the morning/afternoon ~~because tomorrow is the last day :P~~ Oshawott is the cutest gen 5 starter. Can't change my mind Also it's so funny to see organizations using discord to communicate and they invite everyone to interact on their servers but most of them don't know how to use discord so you see a bunch of usernames that are in the format the company asked them to keep their nickname to, their own photo or just no pic as pfp and even the servers look so unpolished like they just throw away some channels, either make the entire server read-only or making every channel including rules accessible by users. My uni server has 855 members lmao. Yet the only messages you see there are promotional messages that have been forwarded from whatsapp :MunchlaxMunch: so I turned on captions for my class because why not and boy did I keep laughing the entire class That's what happened here as well 😂 How is Ethan the most favourite and most hated LI at the same time :killme: Choices fandom has infiltrated tiktok too...? Wow Is it as cringy as the insta fandom? Or as dramatic as the Tumblr fandom? I mean Tiktok in itself is cringe so that's more or less what I was expecting :dogekek: Oof good luck! 💖 it's PB's old logo :PBSeeIToldYouSo: agreed watermelon with cream doesn't sound nice to me *cream and fondant seconded I had it on my brother's bday. Like the cake I sent in #🤳show-yourself was my first and last encounter with fondant I ate the onix and hands of charmander Wack Happy Birthday Bee!!! :BooParty: they just told us cop will have they/them pronouns and called it a day people kept asking about GOC so much they make it their priority to mention that everywhere :PBSeeIToldYouSo: yeah so I was supposed to see if I can find new characters should I look up greek names? I'll just download a csv lol are these all greek gods? :MunchlaxMunch: uhhh okay not using this dataset I need sth that has like 1k words quick question which american state is more likely to have greek names 🥲 omg drew's nickname dfsjkfbnsjkd because I was busy finding a dataset yayy! it's the context ...why is my head playing Mr. Gaysian in the tune of Mr. secret by cross gene I want mah livi We need an olivia emote :garbryce: WE ALREADY HAVE BRYCE so basically I am too lazy to go out and get my eyesight checked once again I got them checked like 3 months ago but I am not satisfied by the power they gave me so I need to get them checked again I told them I didn't like what they prescribed me for the right eye but they were like "we tried almost all powers for you and this is the one you preferred" says who? they used a machine at first then put in a bunch of lens and asked which one's the best for my left eye it was pretty easy but the right eye wasn't as perfect as the left eye no matter which lens they put yup I'll have to get my laptop fixed for that XD I don't want to get that old junk fixed tbh but my parents won't buy me a new one until I top my semester exams in April nope. so basically I got my very first prescription from this huge eye hospital and then it was from regular optician store. But the one I got 3 months ago was from my dad's office's family clinic that had an optometrist its not really broken per se, the frame got crooked and now it's not fixing and it looks and feels weird I doubt that number suits me anymore since it has been over 4 months since I wore glasses contacts sound horrifying to me. Because I hate putting eyedrops let alone a lens that I would also have to take out That's what they said but I forgot to bring my old glasses that day I also need specs because I cannot see the slits in our physics optics experiment because my eyesight isnt good also I am having headache for the past 3 days 🥲 yeah... also I'll have to wake up early so that I can go to the market YES SIR now Imma log off lol. Goodnight! 💖 before I sleep I just wanna say this question sucks ok bye Tibbar... The name rings a bell... Have we met before? Ikrrrr so underrated Baby dump without a bump baby dump without a bump baby dump without a bump baby dump 🎵 :wut: Thankyou so much y'all 🥺 Hehe Ty! I'm class of 2024 lol Also fortunately my fees is same as my brother's fee so like my parents have no problem paying for my graduation :P Medicine in South Asian countries in a nutshell : score high = government med school = extremely low fee
Other students who want to become docs = private med schools = extremely high fee Engineering on the other hand = govt engineering colleges/institutes/universities = a decent fee. Slightly higher than typical private school fee (mine is an all girls uni so we got some waivers for that and that's why it's comparable with my brother's school fee)
Private engg colleges/institutes/uni = high fee but no where as high as private med school fee Basically All girls govt. med school < govt. Med school < all girls govt engg institutes < govt engg institutes < private engg institutes <<< private med schools I didn't have a choice :kekwhands: I didn't have a rank enough to get into coed govt engg college in the field I wanted to Like I was getting AI here But mechanical/electrical in other similarly reputed institutes My uni def has a lot of plus as well as a lot of minus points But uni in itself can only contribute sm to a person's success My dad has majored in electrical Nice 😁😁 thanks It's also a new branch So we are kind of guinea pigs for our uni Kinda lol. We often don't get acknowledged So that's sad Hopefully Had to take medicine So now I know it's there but it isn't as bad as afternoon You would be surprised by how little stress I am actually taking about uni lol I am exhausting myself by taking too much side projects lol Like I am participating in literally everything that's happening And now I have a lot of deadlines and work to do Yeah 💖 So someone approached me on LinkedIn and like talked to me about my interests and stuff And at the end he sent me this 1. Lady? Seriously?
2. I. AM. NOT. A. NERD 3. The linkedin suggestions for response is :MunchlaxMunch: Fair lol Happy birthday @redhood310!!! Why is it not pinging jfdjdndkkd It worked Yay When did my name change fjdnsksksj No i didn't ! The message she quoted looked a lil :judgeyfroge: And my name is so common that even if I tell you my name and my uni's name, you still won't be able to find me 🤪 Poggers Agreed It sounds badass Like a superhero name ~~voltra's irl name~~ in day, voltra at night :MunchlaxMunch: Me neither :MunchlaxMunch: Yeah because it's saralinamakura :MunchlaxMunch: Oh wow Who would have thought :PBSeeIToldYouSo: My dad just loved the name priya Fhdjsjd That was the big mood My grandma who is hella religious only approved of my name because it appears in Ramayana somewhere But yeah no way I would have liked having an old ass name or being named after a goddess or sth Exactly 😦 Djdjskdk But I don't like violence Also where I live They would have teased me For having an *ancient* name Oop But yeah No god names I just love how my parents decided one boy and one girl name when they were about to have me and flash forward they have a boy and a girl with those exact names Dude my surname is literally a meme What could be worse than that NGL doge would have been a better surname Yeah because we needed space for :oliviastab: My discord is glitching for some reason I can't post emotes or channel names or ping anyone Ye At least we still have the other dogemotes :MunchlaxMunch: It worked! That doge emote is very popular on my uni whatsapp group lol That feeling when your communication skills professor sends this message :judgeyfroge: ...I was talking about the 🤪  emoji but :MunchlaxMunch: Basically we have to mark our attendance but otherwise we don't have a class tomorrow We begged her to give us an off tomorrow lol > Sharma ji ka beta is a Hindi expression meaning ‘Sharma’s son” who is supposed to be a nerd, a model son to a tiger mom (or rather Tiger Dad), who is always better than your son, however well your son actually performed and whom you cite as a role model for anything and everything and make your own son feel inadequate.

That's my surname :smiling_face_with_tear: Now y'all can imagine why I hate being called a nerd Yup 😭 I don't want to be a nerd but deep down I know I am one :smiling_face_with_tear: I didn't have friends :smiling_face_with_tear: idk what went wrong but this is def not what i expected this is even worse 🥲 I'll have to ask the person who gave me this link on how to increase the accuracy but I think I have their discord id saved in my laptop and my laptop is dead 🥲 What if I try with open mouth olivia? > speaking animation quality, quite a lot was said here about the necessity of having similarity in poses (or face expressions) between the source image and the starting video frame. i think you may want to check that first. that makes a lot of sense thanks 🥲 I feel like if we can somehow establish similarity between the image and video, the results will be better Like Olivia's face is too small compared to the dude in the video Perhaps that is why it is facing trouble trying to figure out all the different points Wut. But like that's not fair I hated having to make my hair into pigtails in school ~~which is why I prefer short hair :PBSeeIToldYouSo:~~ Aww :kek: yeah you did Ooh I wanna have an undercut but my hair's too thin so I know it'll not look good :( ~~yes I am a rebel at heart :kek:~~ If only I had voluminous hair Also true :pensive: How did it go? oof mhmm I hope it went great and you'll get selected 😄 ooh that's soon wym rotate the image? like tilt it towards the right? ...how is she standing that posture looks hella uncomfy 🥲 Timezones freaking suck and I had class when you sent that :(
How about this evening? (Morning for you) My brother has the PC for now so how about we meet in an hour and half? (Around 10pm IST) They want you to work hard for writing citations :MunchlaxMunch: F That's my wifi btw I am supposed to go to my grandma's house tomorrow so my mom is asking her brother if they have mic and internet djsjsksk Because it'll be difficult today Aww :( hopefully it goes smoothly idk lol. But if this message gets sent that means the internet is back and the internet is back and sooner than what they said Why do we have to celebrate pi again? I wonder if there's an e day too dndjsnjs It's 15/3 where I live This reminds me Do you guys make a joke about going to the future if someone goes from West coast to east coast? Dnnsskks fair India is huge yet we only have one timezone for the entire country From Gujarat to Arunachal Pradesh it's a 2 hour gap but they still follow the same timezone Y'all don't have to do the timezone math 🥲 Aww That's one way to summon him :kek: Why did the Phineas and ferb song bow chicka bow started playing in my head except it was drew chika drew drew Don't mind me I am still deciding Aww. It was good while it lasted Gonna check them out tomorrow Ooh Interesting So they release music under the band name super junior as well as these sub groups Nice Also on the topic of music Nice Hopefully they don't separate like cross gene 🥲 Aww Good to hear Ayy Ooh thanks! Btw Stan maytree Ok bye I love Acapella okay Also beatboxing is :dogeheart: I was browsing through the internet I saw an ad for a portable ac Decided to check it out And y'know how they show <person> bought our product on top of their pages to show people buy and so can you So they were showing that And the very first name that came up was karen :kek: Zak follows the writers' linkedin And he said the roles for some writers changed So like they had to replace it with someone right? Question: Josephine said Marie liked pb&j but wasn't she one yr old when they got separated? Can one yr olds eat sandwiches? There's baby food with pb&j flavor? :wut: God just how many baby food flavors exist? Omg that's such an accurate description lmao But it's still better than other choices RP's I have been to What's funny is that they could have used female MC for ES and female Dakota for weh if they wanted or just have shown the love triangle instead of ava... But they didn't. That's what makes it homophobic The pic's not loading for me :Dopeysad: I don't think that's how fries look :kek: ~~if my screenshot didn't load up, basically I am seeing the poop bg instead of image because of terrible internet~~ I guess I'll have to wait till I get access to wifi again 🙃 Dry cereal tastes good At least mine does Same Mine is basically strawberry flavoured kellogs so it tastes good with or without milk How much did you waste bel? Oh thank goodnesa I haven't tried cheerios but froot loops are goood There's Oreo cereal what? Oop I don't think we have those here I like dipping oreo into milk And Oreo shake Inchresting Ikrrr Mhmm I like them thicc and top it off with icecream https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.indiatimes.com/amp/technology/news/shalu-humanoid-robot-iit-dinesh-patel-536198.html So a school teacher made this polyglot bot in 3 years and it costed him only 50k inr (around 800 usd I believe) and I was so proud of this feat but then my classmates come and be like - eww she looks so ugly and looks like a ||someone threw acid at her|| and the teacher should have spent more time and money on the looks... And I was there like dude at least appreciate the efforts! It's not easy to make a bot that can do expressions and speak like 38 languages while keeping the costs down and not taking a lifetime when you also have a day job of teaching kids Also can I just say that pic makes it look like they are husband and wife Like look at them :bestinshow: Also I am proud because the teacher is from the institution I did my middle and high school in and I have a soft spot for bots in general They're back now Coming from meme land My mom was the first person in our family to own a smartphone. Tho the phone was used by me and my brother too. The concept of play store was very new to us so we would only download games that were less than 2mb And then one day My mom's friend's son came over to have lunch And I asked him about the games he played And he showed me some on his phone Like subway surfers, temple run, dumb ways to die, hill climb racing, jetpack joyride etc Yeah. This is 2014 I'm talking about lol These games were big deal back then So we got those games transferred to our phones And somehow we both loved hill climb racing sm that we used to play it all day leading us to buy every vehicle and stage without using any mod Like the game legit looked like it was modded But it was our hard work and dedication And then few months later that guy came back from his internship and visited us on diwali. And we showed him our progress. He was like - y'all took this game wayy too seriously. Love the dedication :kek: The himbo van was the first vehicle added to the game after we unlocked all stages and vehicles iirc And seasons was the first stage My recent fav emoji mashup Didn't mean to scare lol. It's just my mood today. I am a clown to think our profs will co-operate Timezones are beautiful and wack at the same time. Wack because all global events happen after midnight for me :Dopeysad: Also keeping track of time is wack And I am the one whose mom woke her up because I have a class at 11 :kek: In other news :HOLUP: The current rule allowed 18+ to drink but not buy So does this mean now you have to be 21 to both drink and buy? Yeah current policy was you could drink after 18 but if you wanted to buy alcohol you'll have to be 25 It's so stupid imo Mhmm Ig the new law makes more sense It reduces the confusion for one Whoa I made a wombo deepfake of our HOD and Vice chancellor and it got viral I- One of my classmate forwards them in our class group asking have you seen this and everyone went - uhh we made it so yeah It came full circle thrice In three different groups And I am just sitting there like :MunchlaxMunch: Imagine she somehow gets the job and leaks some insider info And it will be bound to happen because she cannot control herself PB be like : so you are Lin phan mhaarco :MunchlaxMunch: mhmm... but would that stop her? :PBSeeIToldYouSo: also I just realized she has revealed her IRL name and her face on that acc and if she applied with her resume she must have revealed a lot of personal info enough to doxx her like if PB decides to put 2 and 2 together how can someone be so dumb to dig their grave like that exactly. at least you haven't revealed personal info nor are you on PB's *hit-list* lmao It is indeed her... I have seen like a dozen of her pics on both her accounts she is just everything we hate over here :kek: ~~at least if it happened this time, I won't have people DMing me in the middle of the night calling me out lmao~~ wow I go to deal with uni stuff, come back and see this yeah it was def her PB wanted to call out ~~and not me~~ we need to go back to chaotic vibes only lmao 😦 hehe now, even if PB wasn't thinking about lfm actually applying, they'll know Is it bad that I want PB to take some kind of action on her? like anything that makes her stop posting spoilers at least would be great if she stops posting altogether ~~because that would mean no more infuriating toxic masculanity and homophobia~~ zdkjfbdhkf WHAT EVEN IS THAT GIF I- this is like :judgeyfroge: but infinitely amplified yup :kek: isn't it satisfying to see code this colorful? ~~ignore the bottom part I can't get my compiler to set up~~ for python? definitely
for C++? lemme just get my compiler working and then I'll judge it's a boon and a curse that my uni is teaching us both python and C++ right in the first sem because we are in a specialized branch while all other branches are learning c boon because we'll be ahead of everyone
curse because giving two coding lang exams right in the first sem is terrifying especially for people who haven't coded in their entire life (I mean I had C++ in school so it's not that bad for me but 75% of my class is coding for the first time) also covid blessed us with a shorter semester so 2 coding languages in 3 months my name I- Voltra :judgeyfroge: aww at least you can take that subject for granted I am looking forward to DSA and DBMS next sem ngl Like my course is hectic but exciting at the same time yeah thanks! you too! well... from what we have been told 2nd sem is gonna be offline and our end sems are offline too students have started coming to hostels but they are not allowed to go out my classmates are high today lmao you guys get breaks? 🥺 That was so random fdjejsksks @Pratyaksha(2nd|CSAI) here This is the general chat Where we talk about random stuff Arre ha the channel names might be confusing... #🏥openly-broke-an-ethan-romance is open heart, #🐲the-queen-and-the-dragon-and-4-other-lis is crown and flame, #🕓endless-summer-that-ended-3-years-ago is endless summer teleporting always sounds hot (referring to Drew's status) random throwback to that one time I accidentally kicked rythm out of the server instead of removing it from VC Some govt officials came to our uni today to ensure that smooth conducting of exams offline is possible. Right in time for an event where they made us take a group photograph standing close together (social distancing go brr) and most people even removed their masks because God forbid their beautiful beautiful jawlines don't get captured in one group photo. Let's see what happens now lmao Omg yeah My cousin likes to call it "bali style" (bali is hindi for loop earrings) Ikrr And then there's people who'll have their noses exposed for whatever reason God forbid their beautiful noses are not open to the atmosphere I wonder why do they even wear a mask if they can't cover their noses Completely valid At least doctors of all people should know the importance of masks. And barring them from lectures will make them learn their lesson My dad bought some cloth masks from the market last year when lockdown had just started. But those masks were so tiny they wouldn't cover our nose and mouth at the same time and would come off when we talk. So my mom took it upon herself to make us comfortable masks that cover and don't slip. Now I have like 10 really cool masks that stay intact and I don't have to worry about anything Mine are made of cotton too. My mom bought some cloth for her dress I think. But she used it for masks Yeah med students are not equipped to handle a pandemic lol Like final year students may be but younger than those, not really Quick doubt I have to write this 400 word essay for scholarship. Should I divide it into paragraphs? If yes, how many paragraphs (approx) would be appropriate? I forgot to specify they gave us a question which wasn't really about the scholarship itself 😅 but thanks! I tried separating wherever I felt there was a change in tone and it comes to be 7 paragraphs... Is it too much? Ughh I just realized my first draft is a little over 500 words When the limit was 400 Got it down to 450 words 🙃 Now this brain demands sleep so Imma look into it tomorrow. G'nite! My uni mates told they wanted to VC on our discord server And no one joined So now I am listening to baby shark using rythm In the VC :kek: You're welcome It's my birthday acc to lunar calendar So can I cause chaos again? 8am class 😖 indeed no one's gonna mind your personal pictures unless you are applying somewhere where clients are bound to see your social media handles and go :judgeyfroge: mhmm exactly but they can't go judging at the company for your personal profile right since your job doesn't deal with social mediasd and stuff oop then I guess luck is at your side :kek: maybe it's intentional :PBSeeIToldYouSo: >>> Dear students 

All the best for todays exam.
Attempt all answers appropriately.
Neither less content nor extra. Try to answer in points where ever possible. 

Don't panic, read questions carefully and den start writing.

Another advise...
Life is precious. You all are apples of your parents' eye.

When you reach university for appearing in exam, maintain social distance. 

Dont feel much excited dat you all are meeting each other for the first time.

Avoid handshake, hugs and getting close to each other.

 In the coming months you will get plenty of opportunities to meet, get pics clicked and roam around.

But if any misfortune happens now, dat may be disastrous.. 

Kindly leave silently once exam is over without gathering in crowd.  

Use sanitizer continuously 

Be cautious, be safe...

All the best once again. You could tell this is written by a boomer Imagine your communication skills prof writing words like dat and den Looks like she still thinks it's the "cool kids" way I am just cringing at my prof trying to be a "cool kid" lmao so I was watching a show I used to watch like 15 years ago and this is the first villain hnzdufh what nope .ud KISS uhhh huh OMG wait how old is this band so the first villain takes fashion inspiration from a rock band :judgeyfroge: the villain literally looks like walmart version of the left most member :kek: I DID REACT I read your message the wrong way dfhjbfjkhsdb anyways, back to why I actually posted that villain lmao so, what's interesting is that he only kidnaps kids who were born on a full moon's day and 5 yr old pri was scared of being kidnapped because she's a full moon child too fun times she's referring the villain as bastien's dad because of the full moon thing I am confusion rn https://youtu.be/raIdnjXpEDo?t=1015

the groaning sound I- tfw you skim through 25 episodes of a show and still not find the meme you thought was in initial episodes 🥲 I remember it was like in a class setting so I am skimming all the episodes and watching all the school scenes because I really love annoying my friend and I know the meme will annoy them HERO : Bhakti hi shakti hai In that there is a scene where the teacher butchers a student's name I know someone with that name I wanna annoy them by sending that clipping 😈 28 episodes in still no sign of the meme this was supposed to be a self defense training... how did it turn into chopping bricks contest :huh: lmao true wow that's like 900 INR I think I can def buy a lot of custom pins with that close enough 15 custom pins yikes 😬 PB CHANGE YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA REP THEY'RE DOING YOU MORE HARM THAN GOOD I FOUND THE MEME It was at episode 29 14:45 seconds time to annoy my friend 😈 another villain from that show Online classes are the reason idk anything in maths and might fail Idk why but I can't stop laughing after looking at this emoji mashup Lol looks like I fried my graphic tablet 🥲 it'sh not working anymow Oh god the take a deep breath reply I- question : is oregon state university a good university? My geography is weak so I can't tell if you're being serious or not 🙊 :HOLUP: why in the world is PB selling glasses and rocks and ... A blade of grass??? Is it for April fool's Are they actually selling these Is anyone actually buying them? We both could be gullible gay and ace respectively Also I was reading Sara's list of books whose channels were missing And I read Save the person who just cancelled celebrity diaries I spat my coffee because I found it funny And now I have to clean up the mess I made 🥲 Not fun My university finally realized offline exams were a terrible idea So now semester 2 starts from Wednesday ~~we still don't know the subjects we'll study in sem 2 btw~~ And the remaining 4 exams will be conducted online from 17th Now the issue is We'll have online classes (most likely from 10-4) from Monday - friday And exams on Saturday sunday And what we study from Monday - Friday is completely different from exam subjects Also I cannot believe I'm 1/8th through with my bachelor's degree lmao Feels like yesterday I was waiting for uni to start I feel like such a boomer after sending this I know there was STH wrong with that sentence but I didn't know what else to write 😅 ...wait, I could have used "on" instead of "to" right? Ooh Thanks 🙂 So I forgot most of the pet vibes names And named whatever came into my mind 😛 @oge :judgeyfroge: Who's the lucky person doge It was funny while it lasted :MunchlaxMunch: :okboomer: Multitasking ftw :kek: We use gmeet for some subjects WebEx for others And then we have this teacher who wants to use zoom Sweet home Alabama ~~jk the son was adopted so they are not biologically related~~ The mom checked the birthmark of bride on wedding day and was like hmm I have seen that somewhere And the daughter didn't know she was adopted So I guess it never came up 🤪 That's what the post said 😂 Agreed lol Even the post says it looks like straight from Hindi soap operas Too heavy handed Like every scene is just dhadam dhadam zoom shift jump That's what happens here except it's : person a says STH, camera zooms on everyone present in the room to record their reactions https://youtu.be/autlZfsufSA watch it from 0:50 It's a news channel commenting on the scene but the scene is really weird lmao The other day I was watching (or rather skimming to find a meme) a serial I used to love when I was a kid, and that had so many dramatic effects and the story felt cringe. https://youtu.be/a0ESuFhKCHo another one 🤪 Yasss that was one hell of a video lol. Translation : the lady is asking who took all the chickpeas from the pressure cooker just to be clear I minimized the game around 12 hours ago so I am still on the first gym Well... I recently saw a movie where the protagonist was selected to a film school in LA but he only got financial assistance on tuition fee so he had to work part time at an Indian restaurant to meet ends and the restaurant's owner was sketchy. Anyways fast forward, the protagonist leaves the restaurant job because he couldn't stand the discrimination and treatment over there but his dad got sick and he had to take loan from the restaurant owner in exchange of a promise that he'll work full time to pay his debt. At film school he was critiqued for being a good filmmaker but not having a story. At the end he had a lot of stories but not a medium to show them since he had to leave film school too. The movie is called illegal btw If you wanna check out It's a really sad story ngl 🥲 I closed it last night when I had to shut down my PC Dayum I dreamt of me and voltra roaming around the streets of Delhi and end up being lost 🥲 We did not use our mobiles for some reason 🙈 I have no idea why I got this article in my recommendations 3 idiots debunked :smart: Taare Zameen par catered to a different audience while this one aimed for a different one. So I won't compare them directly but I personally love both movies lol Chhichore tried to represent college life and the struggles and stress of students preparing for entrance exams but... It wasn't quite there imo It focused more on the hey college is all about fun and you can be dum dum and still be successful. Like I get it we need to know how to have fun while aiming for our dreams but it was too much fun lmao If we talk about recent media on like engg student life, kota factory is really good (although it focuses on the entrance preparation part) I haven't watched that movie in so long and I feel I didn't get the seriousness of what was being represented when I watched it. (I mean I was like 12 yrs old when I last watched it I think) I wonder what new observations will I make if I were to watch it now 🤔 Mhmm I was in a coaching institute for a year Yeah and you realize during the first week itself that this coaching thing isn't gonna work out But you can't back out by then Exactly Spent like $1,300 for one year of coaching Now that I think about it, I could have bought me a macbook with that money Ohohoho Somebody got nitro OwO Wait till I get my scholarship (which I hope I do) then I will fight my parents for a month of nitro too 😤 Will have to wait till end of May for results 🥲 I love the fact they used tctf as banner Gotta love this pose ngl Gotta love the subtle flex :kek: Lol nice 7th is too far tho What are you gonna present about? Ooh sounds interesting indeed. Good luck ~~sarah~~ mara! You got this! Ughh this is horrible :MunchlaxMunch: Can't believe there's stories like es, vos, il, hero, mw, tctf etc. Under that thumbnail 🥲 Oh btw @𝙁𝙞𝙧𝙚𝙬𝙤𝙧𝙠 did you ever watch the movie "happy bhaag jayegi"? Ooh. You should def give it a shot. It's so wholesome. Also for those who love suspense thriller, "kahaani" is a great movie ~~you'll never guess the ultimate twist~~ It would have been great but I think they'd have to go through a lot of paperwork and money and since it was a low budget movie, they stuck to India for shooting. Tho i love the movie anyway lmao. The characters are all lovable. I love how the dude is like " I wonder from which mental hospital in Lahore has she escaped from" and the girl sarcastically mimics that and then goes "Lahore???" And then the dude asks if she is indian and the girl in turn asks if she's actually in pakistan I watched it yesterday. Before that I had only watched like the beginning few scenes and the climax So I knew the spoiler But not the entire plot Tho I must say, if you know the spoiler, you'll watch the movie with a different perspective and it'll still make sense If I can find a way to stream movies from prime video or jio cinema (cause those are the only OTT platforms I can access from PC, thanks to Jio) we can have bollywood watch parties every fortnight and hollywood or any other -wood watch parties every other weekend We can also do weekly polls about movies to watch based on premise now you can get the book squad role from #🏤role-booth  🙂 NGL teja sounds like one of those 90s mafia leaders' name 🤭 Mafia as in mumbai mafia They do but it's not as prevalent as in the 80s and 90s Also now it's a lot more scattered. Like earlier there used to be one big boss Movies do exaggerate but mafia is something that has always been for real. Imagine having chemistry after high school 🤭 I have exam tomorrow yet I can't get myself to sleep 🥲 We're both in this together lol Is it ramadan month? Ooh Nice True Thank god for online classes lmao For me, subjects like math are a pain to study online but technical subjects are a bliss since I can easily code along on the computer Mhmm. I mean you gotta do what you can 🥲 ~~whatever messages are sent after this will be screenshotted for scientific purposes, not all just a few~~ Am I a nerd? 🥲 Not the answer I was expecting You sugarcoated it in the best way possible lmao basically what happened was that my uni friend invited me to her server which turned out to be a study group so I replied "it's nerdy" when she asked how the server is so she said "that's why I invited you, you are nerd*1000" and I said, oh ask the spl peeps they'll tell you how nerdy I actually am I only feel bad when someone calls me a nerd because my surname is a meme of being literal nerds and is used as "that one kid parents love and compare you with" so when anyone calls me a nerd, it feels like fueling that stereotype and it annoys me You're our resident wallflower lol. Ever the observant But I am so much more than "sharma ji ki padhaku beti" so it stings when the entire "priya sharma" is boiled down to a stereotype "sharmaji ki beti" and worst part it is true for the most part - I have only ever achieved in academics which makes me a nerd and also adds in to the stereotype but it still annoys me because I am now always seen for my academic achievements It's difficult to tell your friends to stop saying when according to them it's "friendly". The fact I switch places and therefore friends every 3-5 is annoying. I cannot say "stop calling me a nerd" to every person I meet every year This is such a fine line that it is difficult even for me to realize what is wrong until it's too late You're right... But I don't have the courage to tell someone to stop idk why 😭 One of the things I hate about myself yet can't change is how extreme I can get. Like I'd pretend I am not being affected but once the matter has gone too far, I'd be an extremist and completely cut them off making them wonder what exactly happened at that point when it wasn't about that particular moment but months of piling up if that makes sense did I learn how to automate whatsapp messages and used it spam my friend? why, yes I did Priya is me, and she knows I have a crush on Olivia 🙃 She even saved my contact as Priyu ❤️ Olivia lmao no automation lessons for you 🤧 I got rate limited on whatsapp 🙃 note to self : never spam with 2000 messages note 2 to self : even if you do, have a way of knowing the progress note 3 to self : never change the chat window while spamming is in progress 🥲 #🎄admin-chat is :MunchlaxMunch: rn I'll have to go with dopey for this one Priy Nyoo uhh I may have accidentally glitched whatsapp to spam system messages context : the entire class decided to spam the class group with stickers so I decided to join in on the fun... except I just ran a script that spams those stickers automatically now, the class monitor saw so many stickers being spammed from multiple people so she made the group admin only but my code was still trying to send stickers so whatsapp started sending the "this group is admin only" whenever it thought I was sending a sticker which resulted in a system message spam I hope not a major one oh it was the Class monitor who locked it in the first place so she opened it shortly after she said we spammed so much her phone stopped responding she did lol. I guess others complained about it too. Even my phone was lagging with all the incoming messages even tho I was spamming using whatsapp web yeah lol in my defence I started late Can we talk about how this got into my feed even tho I barely look up choices @kaitoo ya gotta check out #⏯choices-land lmao. Best place 😌 Yo nitro peeps share your fav animated emotes please I need it for science :kek: Good Done. Thanks! This one's so cute aww Lol thanks ok but getting vaxxed doesn't guarantee you'd not get covid tho you could still spread/get covid. So, it shouldn't be either vax or negative report. It should be negative report periodt or like vax + negative report Yes 🌝 So I refer this book for python and out of curiosity, I googled the author and this was the footer on his website : I did not expect to see that but I am really glad also his books are really good oh and he also has a yt channel where he basically does everything written in his books practically You *think*??? PB would rather subtly blame us for complaining Everyone: enjoying movie
Me: how is it fair that a software engineer has a blackberry while a cab driver has an iPhone
Everyone: :judgeyfroge: Guest iin London (no that's not a typo) Question: I wanna contact a news channel to request the database of news covered in one of their shows for my project. I went to the contact us page on their website but all I get is emails of sales dept and grievance dept. Who should I mail? I can see a lot of phone numbers here But I am not really comfortable talking over the phone 😅 I was thinking either chatting with someone on LinkedIn or mailing them But all their linkedin employees are inactive since 2019 NGL their website is all over the place Too flashy and chaotic for my taste Yeah but I like my websites minimalistic 4:30 am calligraphy 🤪 you've gotta be kidding me that's all the gameplays my brother recorded so I was playing this game and an ad popped up it was pretty cliche in the start girl drinks a lot on her bachelorette party fiance takes her to bed she wakes up to find fiance betraying her for another woman next day she reaches for marriage but the dude makes an excuse of postponing the marriage and she is like enough on the other side a ceo's bride doesn't come so she straight up goes to the dude and says "my fiance ditched me, your fiancee ditched you, why don't we both marry each other" like are you kidding me? Indian ads promoting homosexuality? *Asambhav* I can already see it... Your entire room changing from love live to super junior poor umi thank god 😂 My mom asked me to serve her icecream I handed the entire tub and said "happy murdering" :kek: What should I fill here? It's for University newsletter btw Do you mean no one else you know uses a knife to take ice cream out of a tub? 😱 You're welcome :kek: Look, I needed my ice cream And I could go to any length to get it Even if it means murdering it with a knife :kek: I am a professional :uwuhappy: Ok but seriously I need to submit the form So tell me how am I different from others 🥲 Well I am not the only one who does that tho Kind of you say? 🤨 This is what I wrote so far Maybe I can write STH like I am fearless and thus learn a lot by making errors??? Ooh love that Yknow it's so poetic Imma gonna set it as my LinkedIn banner lmao Yasss All hail Queen voltra kicker of ass! It's pretty low effort I know They'd change it to "my upcoming marriage does not stop my desire to make love with my and my fiance/fiancee's bffs" TNA version : "my boss's wedding does not stop my desire to have steamy romance with them" This makes me wonder What happens if you choose to fling with Liam when you have dumped him before Wait really he says that? Yknow what? Imma do a playthrough where I romance Liam and hana, then dump Liam and fling with him during the bachelorette party ~~or be lazy and look at the script for that chapter~~ I love but also hate nail paint. Like I'll apply it to my nails but then try to remove it asap lol Also I love the cold feeling of ~~acetone~~ nail paint remover So I was browsing through the games ~~I~~ my brother owns and I saw Hitman 3 and I was so confused until I realized it was the starter pack which is free Also I couldn't find Hitman 2 at all Just Hitman goty edition and hitman 3 And both were crazy expensive XD Really? Strange Ooh Thanks I should really sleep now lol G'nite Rheya and priya will be back tomorrow :zoeywink: Dayum I get why it seem that way but we weren't trying to boast "exclusive" VCs. The messages were just posted to signify that whenever we group for a VC in this server, we talk about a lot of cool stuff and it's really fun and those who can't join the stream are missing out. Today's VC ended up happening privately but usually these are public and we have the same amount of fun regardless the Voice channel lol. Apologies if it felt the other way around. Also just checking the #📢announcements channel, I did mention y'all missing out cause it's private because I thought only this stream was being mentioned in particular but now, looking back, I realize that gave off a wrong vibe. Sorry about that 😦 That thing only works on some specific games. Ahh good times lol Why is it saturday today The fact that department of technology had to issue that message 🙄 Who even believes in such stuff Y'all won't believe the dream I had Oh yeah I forgot to describe it sjsjsksk So it was pretty weird I was playing choices on my phone But then I suddenly fell into a grave And then I was inside choices But there were lot of new covers There was this one new cover for hero I decided to check it out And it was like an alternate universe or STH??? Like poppy Patel was an LI There's more I kept playing further and then MC becomes like Silas (purple vibes sprite with muscles) But like MC didn't turn evil Just powerful And then she decides to beat silas And I see a screen saying hope you enjoyed this AU mini book keep on the look out for hero 2: and some name. And I was like wtf they title dropped hero 2 I must tell this to spl peeps And then I tapped and it said sorry folks it was an April fool's joke. No hero 2 for you guys but we don't want y'all to feel sad so we are announcing sunkissed 2 And I woke up And was sort of glad it was a dream Also poppy looked hot in lingerie 😳 It was a light blue set with beige sheer jacket thingy Jello Eraser Glass when it breaks Eraser Rubber bands What the I could have lived peacefully without knowing that Flubber :kek: I think eraser would be the best example unless you want a flubber Those handy dandy sharpners Not the automatic ones The fact that someone wrote a research paper using data from subreddits I am shooketh It was based on r/theOnion and r/nottheonion Basically r/theOnion is for fake news and r/nottheonion is for real news that might look fake And apparently if a post has Florida, it is highly likely to be from nottheonion aka real news And if it has Kavanaugh it is likely to be a fake post The Florida thing is very interesting and I wonder what happens there that could be considered fake but is real *ahem* I did not know the meaning of kavanaugh and now I am genuinely curious how human brain on these sub-reddits work dayum Did I do it right? :umiyay: I have a class at 9 and I can't sleep halp :Dopeysad: what the heck why is it sooo black ... *time to throw a tantrum* https://c.tenor.com/KuMKk5Wik1sAAAAM/zazoo-parody-tantrum.gif Anyways, good luck for the exam *Phaad k aana* Also just add another w and it becomes wwwpd : world wide web police department Omg you're right Also your location is a phat mood *tantrum time* https://c.tenor.com/J5kaQVgpyCIAAAAM/%E0%B8%94%E0%B8%B4%E0%B9%89%E0%B8%99-cute.gif Yesh Lmao I am tired after all the classes I had to take today My brain is giving 404 signals Nuts are goood Pri doesn't have voter id Because pri doesn't have a place to call home 🥲 Shows this when I opened link Idk anime Why would you want graphs that look like Bob Ross painting? Why would you hype students they gonna code and then postpone it Why would you study something you already studied last semester Why would you be a project guide if you can't help the students with doubts related to their project?

Why would you ask students to attend a session which is not intended for them? Why would you want graphs that look like Picasso paintings This is the summary of my day today Wait there was one more question Ok edited to include that ques too Alr gnite They are working on it for a long time Looking for unity Devs too Also people who have experience in developing PC games Maybe a new PC game made using unity engine Maybe a PC port of choices? Who knows this is so cool I mean the confetti and wumpus who's here to celebrate the server boost I have made mara and voltra so famous in my uni group :kek: my friend: hey pri, if maralina refused to give you something, what would you call her?
me: saralina makura
friend: noooo! you'd call her mara-di-na sakura (di = gave, na = no/not ; so like mara gave not or mara didn't give) I just keep talking about how the only people I talk to these days (apart from my family) are mara and voltra Of course the mech students will get to do cooler stuff ~~there's a lot of spelling errors too~~ Lol low-key same https://www.livemint.com/news/india/delhi-govt-allows-home-delivery-of-liquor-through-an-app-website-11622520520995.html

But... Why? please help this blind lady find actions tab on the right window 🥲 yayyy :partay: Remember how I wanted to make my very own UwU plushie? Well... I was looking up for stuff to make my very own UwU (that can also speak like it does in the book) but I can't find the stuff I need online I need cyan fur The closest I am getting is blue Maybe once I shift into hostel and offline shops are open, i'd go to the textile market to get me that fur And also other components like screen I would be using my Arduino Uno to control everything Maybe even have it flap it's hands or sth And it can have features like being an alarm clock So basically instead of UwU plushie, I am planning to make my very own UwU I can find rainbow fur rn... Pride UwU...? Ahhh I wanna make one so bad Gonna work on the software and design first Then after things are normal and shops get opened, will work on the prototype Would have to plan where to put the sensors without jeopardizing the looks It's also gonna end up to be larger than the one in game Since I'd have accomodate stuff plus add a bit of cotton to make it soft and cuddly GoFundMe to make this idea a reality :kek: Jkjk I already have most of the pricier components Will need to buy screen and some sensors And the fur of course Already have cotton at home ~~also I don't think I can make it go pika pika (read UwU UwU) based on user emotions or whatever, maybe something like it replies UwU UwU when you say UwU~~ Oh I know Hey uwu: uwu uwu (neutral)
Yayy uwu/good boi uwu: uwu happy
Bad uwu : uwu sad
Where's uwu: surprised uwu

I feel like I'm making a kid's toy 🥲 It's pretty simple to make an UwU if you just want the soft toy to cuddle It's basically a sphere with conical hands and legs and 2 antennae Me: ma do we have cyan fur?
Mom: I have pink instead
Me: 🤦 :kekwhands: It's a shiny UwU :smart: Incredibly rare No one has it Y'all should open choices in black and white sometime Some of the covers look soo good Can't. Cause the black and white mode is more of an overlay. Doesn't work on screenshots I bet it looks colour to you This is why I love my major :kek: Nahh just go into settings and there should be a bedtime mode Which is basically black and white mode Rick It's only for morty It's a preset response Like Skyrim The Morty one was so unexpected tho lmao Ikr Anyways Somebody explain where do we specify whose dialogues must the bot learn Because the dataset is a complete one. But we don't want a bit thst quotes every BB character Also I think I need to slewp I'm making too mant tyois Typos I have a class at 11 RIP First explain Where do I specify In the code That the bot is rick Or Gaius in my case The dataset has everyone I could like explain it better on a voice call but I am too sleepy Abhi nahi Ninni aayi I don't even have headphones rn lol the way bg works in choices is they have a background image and particle images. The particle images are replicated in real time and are coded to move in a certain path the only way is to screen record and make a gif on tenor yeah took screenshots of TRR1 ch 1 to test if a Liam bot would work or not, although the data is not much, at least I'd get to know about all the shortcomings once I am satisfied, it'd be time to make GAI-BOT! ~~wish me luck~~ the recommended is 1000+ but we'll make do https://jamboard.google.com/d/18YhSocSnGPCo4wyeCbRWRYrN8SjrCfQqYbgQmfjR8uE/edit?usp=sharing

feel free to join 🙂 (you don't need to be signed in or anything) I agree cuute :bestinshow: A new book Huh atleast this insider had some new info I did not expect to be rickrolled But I am not surprised sjsjsjsj And that sth STH is tell a lie hkbdfhksd the email :kek: https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/

Even if you aren't a programmer, the article is really fun to read WHO WANTS TO READ MY SCHOLARSHIP ESSAY THAT I WROTE ALL BY MYSELF?!!!! there might be grammatical errors even tho I tried my best to proof read 😅 would you invest a 1000 euros on this idea? hehe thanks but do you think it's implementable? or am I just throwing shots in air that one was curated for college students and then my teammates stopped working on it so, so did I :KEKWhands: this one's purely for scholarship application 🤷‍♂️ too busy Ig What's a Chipotle south west dressing? Is it spicy? How do you even eat it? Why did the shop sent me this when I ordered strawberry syrup Aahhh Tastes like chilly mustard Wack Tried it with lettuce and bread... Eeeeh I'd say it's a 6/10 in a sandwich and 4/10 otherwise 🥲 https://youtu.be/41i9EN9l8uc this reminded me of Voltra XD PS i haven't watched the video yrt It was in my suggestions I had a phase where I used biondi literally everywhere Even though it was a heading font Elementary school pri loved comic sans and that crayon theme for her ppts :KEKWhands: Then middle school pri started loving Algerian and rainbow gradient backgrounds Along with excessive animations And then high school pri gave up on rainbow backgrounds but held onto excessive animations And college pri is just - finds a theme/template, copy paste content, done I still use algerian for headings sometimes Ahhh fun times https://youtube.com/shorts/eLvXS6J_ETQ?feature=share For those bromine lovers Idk why it was in my recommended My brother's holiday homework asks him to make a comic strip with "lots of effects and animations" Can someone explain what does this mean? It is supposed to be done using either powerpoint or Google *forms* The topic's your experience of covid-19. Are we gonna what? Thwap and whack the virus particles now? :KEKWhands: Ooh happy birthday :BooParty: I used to pronounce it Aeis-linn but then there was a discussion on Irish names and I started pronouncing her name as ash-linn As someone who is learning both machine learning and data science, I feel like this title fits correctly for me 🥲 A main reason for that is also because I find data science boring so I just don't bother to listen to classes along with the fact that the prof is just ughhh As mara said, basically he is the most basic person :kek: gl! Gai-Bot's dataset with his dialogues from bk 1 ch 2 recommended is 1000. I got... 38 so far Ch 5 done. 66/1000. Great 😔 I don't think Gaius has enough dialogues for Gai-Bot to be Gai-Bot I mean, the dataset is recommended to have 1000 to work properly although it can work with less as well it just wouldn't be as *characteristic* for now I am doing it manually. Because Gaius only appears in Diamond scenes in bk 1 I will have to figure out how to set up the dialogues with choices or dialogues that aren't linear for the open CV and tesseract OCR to work My mom is savage :KEKWhands: when I was told ML is 80-90% data cleaning, I didn't believe them but now trying to make this project... man it really is true gonna do the remaining chaps in book 1 tomorrow (hopefully) and launvh an alpha version of Gai-Bot to see how it turns out I am also planning to open a community run choices dataset where I will upload a format on github and people can contribute by doing the data cleaning. I will also clean some books (time to replay MW and Hero woo!) This will, in turn allow me to do a lot more cool projects and analyse a lot of stuff do lmk what y'all think of this idea some potential analyses may include - using data science to figure out what percentage of dialogues in OH is, in fact Ethan. How many times has the word indescribable been used in PM etc. and of course, making emotional graphs for characters that show what emotion has a character exhibited the most then using character dialogues to make bots, like how I am currently making Gai-Bot hehe thanks. The analysis and making bots part isn't all that difficult. The most tedious part is creating the data in a usable format Might start off with standalones first (especially short books like RT and THOBM) so that I can complete them early and then move over to series ~~unless someone else decides to contribute, TRR, unfortunately will be the very last I would want to pick up~~ ~~ngl I feel like I should have my own channel where I talk tech so that not everyone has to listen to my babbling since I think I don't make sense almost all the time~~ yeah that's what I was thinking 🙈 I like Pri Talks Tech lol It's to the point For now, Pri needs sleep but I'll see tomorrow gn! @Metta should I open #deleted-channel to everyone? Okay :CoolDoge: :6400_haachama: :6064_korone_dance: :6846_okayu_clap: :4147_korone_attack: :2575_korone_mine: 3 months nitro baby Btw thanks @Deleted User :coolboi: :peepoHappydance: I still need to get the hang of all these emojis lol There's too many It's crazy how I was talking to mara about getting nitro yesterday And here I am today :KEKF: :tlAaaaa: dwkhgbkhbfrg phew I procrastinated to backup the channels for too long lol Finally done :islandersigh: I found the perfect emote that describes drew :wumpkeyboard: :NM_Kekw: Why is this in my gallery jdkxmsks Iconic Oop btw this was in context to #💋r-rated-moty Glad you liked it :kek: My friend said that she created her portfolio website and wanted feedback. I clicked. It had a button that said my portfolio. I clicked that too. I got rickrolled :OtaUnamused: what a way to start my day At least someone in my class knows what a rickroll is djdnsk. The other classmates clicked the link and were so confused lol. They were like why is a man dancing Lmfao YouTube knows what ads to show :hehe: https://c.tenor.com/Z6gmDPeM6dgAAAAM/dance-moves.gif https://youtu.be/PoZHhPr9Xx8

Okay but how do you expect a person to be able to save lives when he is this overworked and exhausted. Geez! He needs a vacation If it was an IT rep, the max he could do was, maybe corrupt the entire database or something. This dude is a surgeon. If he overworks himself, he is putting lives of his patients at risk. I don't understand why is he allowed to work those extra hours??? Aww I love when discord calls me out Shouldn't it be korea explain instead ? Since y'know, mlf is from korea Zndjsl fair enough :KEKW: I don't remember tbh lol I thought it was korea cuz of her k-pop addiction :KEKWhands: Mara only likes super junior :Smort: Not the entire k-pop Ohhh I get so confused between k-pop and c-pop Djdjsksk I have never seen anyone who is a j-pop fan :FeelsSadMon: You do if you can recommend me some (mostly)™ Lucky you that you have a better chance at getting a cookie than me Since I don't live in cali Should I be worried? I am not surprised :bartiemad: is on metra's list lmao It is indeed your legacy lmao. You won this at emote competition I guess we all needed an emote to show our anger and what better way than using an angry child lmao Correction: angry demon child™ Same! Also enby LIs???? :NM_PepeBigEyes: Ayy noice Might ask Yoon if they're up for commissions 22 bucks is decently priced. And wow they are really good ooh that's nice React with :MunchlaxMunch: if you wanna watch movie after 2 hours (movie night woooo) And, no, it won't be megamind gmegmdhmd Not my fault it is cursed lmao Cursed masterpiece :GabeThink: I will join in 10 mins While I set up my laptop, decide which movie are we gonna watch On which platform is it? :NM_PepeBigEyes: This doesn't look like Luca does it? Bflix betrayed me And I can't really find it anywhere else where I can stream as well This is what played when I clicked on luca Ohh Ok your link worked I think No Because they don't allow streaming And all it shows is a blank screen I have tried it with Amazon prime They have some anti piracy shit that doesn't allow screen share Wait I'll try with Amazon prime (hopefully it has luca) NVM luca isn't on prime Only Disney+ premium And I have VIP I can still prove my point after we watch this movie I proved my point :samsungtriumph: Now who's the dumbass huh :KEKF: NGL feels like a choices bg Help my brother is not letting me sleep He's making me play monopoly at 3 am Halp me sleepy I landed in jail Thrice so far *thrice* Haha that makes me feel better But I still want to sleep Lmao so I landed on properties that were level 5 And was just about to go bankrupt but then it only took level 1 rent And we were so confused But then we realized That there was a special card activated that stated only level 1 rents for next 2 rents And I used that power both the times Once with a 4 level and once with a 5 level I landed on that very property Of level 5 And this time I had to pay the complete rent Had to give away all my properties except one :wut: how? And I got a special card that reset my only property's rent to one :KEKWhands: How is going to jail late game beneficial Ooh I am def gonna lose, it's just a matter of when :KEKWhands: Finally My pain has ended Now I can finally sleep Does anyone have a pic of that cursed baby from chapters? Her name was Arianna I think Thankyou :NM_peepoEvil: does anyone remember when lily says dayum? like which chap ehh could have been better but I made it using the emote I made 1.5 years ago I need the raw image so I can do a better quality that's the best I can do I like using yt only to watch music videos of songs from movies that I have already watched XD does anyone here happen to know tableau? how do I merge these graphs? apparently I was not supposed to merge the graphs is this what you mean by "scatter plot between rented bike count and temperature?" when I switch axes it gets converted into a single point for some reason lemme try once again I guess I did it? this one's for rainfall I finally completed my tableau assignment (for the first time) But now I have no idea how to submit ...I did not just look at my timetable wrong :KEKWhands: The test is apparently at 11am and we got yet another tableau assignment yayyy done with my test! Yayy I wanna hide in a hole and never go outside now I didn't realize The mistake I did Somebody kill me What have I done Aaaaaaa Why Why did I not understand she meant she was pregnant I was like huh maybe she is expected to take month long bed rest Maybe she fractured herself or sth And was like sorry to hear that Why Why how am I gonna face her again? how am I gonna face the world again why I feel so horrible now ughh this instance is gonna haunt me forever now what do I do I genuinely didn't know I am legit panicking ughh aaaaaaaa halp I did not realize she meant pregnancy for like 30 minutes And now I can't stop thinking about it This does make me feel better tho :KEKWhands: Reminds me when I said same to you when people wished me happy birthday :KEKW: I certainly hope so lol I mean she did reply with a thanks But idk zjskskka Shifting the capitals convo here At least in india, it's always the largest cities that are capitals lol Like you have mumbai, nagpur and pune in Maharashtra, all of them are big cities but mumbai is the largest and is also the capital Delhi is a bit tricky case, it is the national capital. It used to be a union territory (aka operated by central government) but then it got promoted to being a state. But there are still things like police that is handled by central government. I still find it weird to call delhi as a state tbh. But then there's also goa which is uhh really tiny and not really like a state even though it qualifies as a state Thankgod I am not alone lmao Not just any random person. That lady is a post doctorate fellow from Singapore Yeah. I don't remember the last time I heard "expecting" in pregnancy context before this lol For all the cat people, crowdsource also has a task where you're supposed to find if given image has a cat This is hilarious Also has dogs And brides And kisses And infants Whatever floats your boat I love how my teensy whatsapp message (and a major breakdown) sparked an entire discussion about words to describe pregnancy lmao @DaHomieDrew where do the other 21% happen? :eyes_zoom: :yeet: caption this image XD oop Is this basketball? Somebody should post this to reddit lmao What does this mean? From reddit btw Ooh Is it the user that archives a post or is it mods/automatic Ahh Gotcha. Thanks! People are asking invites to this server lmao Did you know I once made a server solely for roleplaying? :KEKW: It had channels based on locations like cedar cove and new york And then there was one channel called chaosland Which is where the crossovers would take place Lol, now I am curious which reddit links are you talking about 👀 Idk, it was mostly dead and then stuff happened and I had to give up on the server Ooh Okay I think now I know how you got here :KEKF: Def a long trek lol ~~we are a hidden cult~~ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur560pZKRfg
had been a while since I got rickrolled lmao Looks so newww I mean, I did take it out of its packaging just now So many CDs aaaahhhh It's a pain to sort them :HYPE: The packers arrived sharp at 9am when the truck isn't supposed to arrive until midnight :KEKWhands: Halp Too much stuff :dead: Yo apple peeps, is Apple music any good? here, student discount gives me apple tv+ and apple music for 49 INR/month and spotify prem student is 69INR/month iirc The songs I actually love listening to are only available on yt in crappy quality :KEKWhands: Not me misreading genius as Gaius :KEKWhands: me looking at homemade food after a week of eating outside: I just wonder what made your parents ask that lmao Ahh makes sense :KEKW: Nexon cut PB's promotional budget by a lot it seems To the point searching "choices" shows me *choices* as 3rd result Yeah, those two spent a lot on promotion Da hecc is this font ewww You say as if it is the finale of royal finale tomorrow :KEKWhands: My free airpods arrived. My brother said it looks like there's jewellery inside And I was like it is priced like a jewellery too :KEKF: A very special day indeed It is a thursday You know what's special about Thursdays You can do #throwbackthursday I guess you can say so :kek: I just realised Today marks one year anniversary to spl's first voice chat @MaralinaSakura you do remember the VC don't you? :nyoo: Tosspot about time lmao ~~says the person who forgot until 10am as well~~ look, I woke up at 10, checked the calendar, saw the date and immediately wished you :KEKWhands: but you were asleep how do I remove this thing? why google when I have y'all :BlushingCatto: doesn't work for that discord thingy it didn't, I had to go to finder and eject it it didn't ask me yet friendship day is always on a Sunday right, so some would celebrate on Saturday and some would celebrate on monday in school. I remember in chennai, when I was in elementary, I would only buy like 5-6 bands for my close friends. But middle school in Goa had this weird custom where if you know name of someone them you tie them a band. So what would happen was we would all be completely covered with friendship bands on both hands on both days And after that I would use those bands to decorate stuff or make keychains Yoooooo you guys wouldn't believe what happened Al Sweigart freaking accepted my connection request on LinkedIn How freaking cool is that :FeelsHypedMon: :FeelsHypedMon: I just told him that his books helped me get interested in python I really did not expect such a speedy reply lol ~~alomg with him accepting my connection request~~ how boring Al sweigart He is a pythonista Who wrote a book about why should metta learn python :peepoShyhide: On a serious note, he wrote a book that teaches non-CS background people some cool coding tricks that can help them automate repetitive tasks python can help you get rid of tedious excel tasks and its as simple as typing `print("metta is a boomer")` :NM_peepoShyhide: Instagram be guilt tripping me lmao My friend describing my username Arajak = chaotic Priyudi = boyfriend (in telugu) when does fall start? this month or next? ahhh thanks Seasons in delhi: summer, sticky monsoon, pollution, winter, the season where turning on fan feels cold but turning it off feels hot Seasons in Goa: I wanna wear a bikini and lay all day, rainy, I wanna wear a jacket at nights Somebody teach me database management systems I have not studied anything for today's exam :SadCatto: Nahh uncomfy pollution is only the 2 months after rain till diwali. (The harvest season, so to speak) You can taste dust everytime you open your mouth during that time I dreamt I was in London for a week and all buildings had pink neon theme for some reason Then I started playing Pokemon go and met my uncle And then I was tring to contact mara so that I can meet her in-person but she said her house is 300kms from where I currently am :SadCatto: Anyone up for a server meme contest event? As I was saying psd is paid &expensive so it makes sense to use paint oh god how come you and I are having dinner together gfvjyvyjv I am very much happy with my pav bhaji thanks homemade pav bhaji is heaven can't argue with that has been like 1.5 years since I had pav bhaji from streets mumbai has the best vada pav :Periodt: you should try it sometime you know I would if I could mara thi. (mara was) (ik marathi has a different th sound but let's just roll with it) how do we do that? :WTFthonk: that did not work ~~I'm on mac~~ anyone up for a study VC? we'll study probability & stats did you mean pixel Wright :PBSeeIToldYouSo: horny hoe-- the alliteration makes it worth it wow Mara: The master of Paint 3D™️ root beer means the non-alcoholic variant right? ooh I have never had root beer XD I've had cola float tho idk if that counts :KEKWhands: here, it's coca cola with softy ice cream ooh I have only ever had it at mcdonalds' lol it's called mcfloat over there it tastes delish Mcflurries are a close second to temptation's milkshakes for me not that type of temptations dfhbfebf it's a bakery in goa has the best cakes and milkshakes I've ever had ooh I wanna know why do they call it insomnia cookies lol I've never had kool aid let alone a fried one :KEKWhands: maybe freeze it, then coat it with sth and fry that this is how fried icecream is made also, @unforgivablespelling do you happen to know flask by any chance? ... I meant python flask hmm I have created the chatbot for my project but I am supposed to implement it on a website and Idk webD I was looking at some premade ones but none have what I need The last time I had donuts was 2019 I believe The first time was 2012 🙂 The bakery in delhi only made one type of donuts which were the chocolate glazed with vanilla filling and I was always content with that :KEKWhands: the ones I had in bangalore were pure vanilla I don't like stuff that's too sweet, so things like jalebi and rasgulla, I would only eat like 2 pieces max but boy do I love cakes and sandesh Dw, priyudi means boyfriend in telugu so you're not alone lmao wtf is my family watching on TV I-
I just heard a dude saying, ma'am I received 90% in exams so you'll have to go on a date with me :jebus: its so weird tho hindi ughh I wanna apply to some internships and programs but I haven't updated my resume for a long time and I am too lazy to do it now :\ mi pan su su sum I feel like this donut came straight from cordonia I hate apples so I am not even gonna try it :KEKWhands: I don't have the app and I didn't know so I guess you're not late :KEKWhands: Does anyone happen to have a preset format for acknowledgements for a project report? Like acknowledging Vice Chancellor, HOD, project guide etc. I used to have one but I lost it 🥲 I have received bollywood dialogues from these apps lmao Indeed I can't believe my 2nd year of UG starts tomorrow Stay safe Adam! Sending best wishes your way :6666_chickheart: Take rest. It'll pass soon. Don't worry can someone download the 5yr video that PB just released? I can't seem to download it on my laptop Ayy thanks lu! Latest victim of over simplified logo my friend who loves rickrolling people sent this lmao Welcome to the second yr gang :KEKWhands: aww thanks! You can suggest channel names for future books! Is south hall, london a really bad place? Like I am watching this movie where the protagonist hates south hall and calls it a jail Nahh Idek what movie is this, all new actors Doesn't look too bad acc to google :worry: ooh happy birthday in advance! ~~idk what timezone you're in~~ Just bought Amazon prime for 13$ a year (looks at PB who sells VIP for 15$ a month) 😒 true but most of their earnings come from AWS even PB uses AWS to store all their data mayhaps I only shampoo once a week so I used to apply conditioner with that too but then I stopped using it also my mom keeps yelling at me to oil my hair but I just don't like how sticky my hair becomes after oiling :KEKWhands: my first shampoo was garnier fructics lmfao what is that ad my shampoo journey -> prolly some baby shampoo I dont remember -> Garnier fructucs -> Clinic Plus -> Lo Real (idk how to spell french stuff) -> Tressemme (this is what I currently use) y'all .img is for choices only !!!! hey! that's my brother's shampoo ohh lol we don't have that in India I am confusion what is going on ahh that explains I was never into sports :heheadrian: but I like being a bitch me no wanna be angel shhh I like to believe I am one yeshhh If I start telling my tales of bitchiness y'all will run away from me (maybe, idk, I would run away from me tho) I missed late night convos like these lol no Lu! I only have classes from 10-1 tomorrow :worry: fine Bitchy Pri may or may not have told her teammates she's gonna work alone on the paper nullifying all their work hdyiwefbyf a lot of GGC lmao bitchy pri may or may not have blocked a random person on discord because she couldn't keep her promise to practice coding with him :NM_peepoShyhide: honestly, I understand her pain it's an acronym voltra made NO LU! It's garam garam chai (piping hot tea) :KEKWhands: :huh: fhbydfhtryjhuty I HAVE MORE! I CAN STILL PROVE I'M A BITCH!!!! GIMME A CHANCE bitchy pri has manipulated you all into thinking she is not bitchy :animeglasses: I am still how it rhymes with ugly tho cuz it's priyooodeeeeee no :kek: it has to make sense in order to be mean me, who has never watched office: :jebus: true please do and don't forget to invite me oh that's the channel finder that has happened with me a couple of times too especially when there's a major UI update I NEED A PRI ONLY EMOTEEEEE!!!! :abongoblob: no I meant like in general when an app updates and has drastic changes like my grocery app lmao yea that too I was like where are all my books :KEKWhands: it's the watermark from the website I used :KEKWhands: :SmirkFluent: then? areeee I was smirking to your request thanks :shyduck: yesss that'll make me more bitchy :elmofire: wait really? yeah hfbdhfbrshbf I should prolly open a business of making stickers :kek: lol sure when is it tho I feel like it's in october but I might be wrong no wait jan 29 am i right? hell yeah! I made mine but I need to convert it into apng to upload it as a sticker 😛 no my brain just lit up like a light bulb inspired by indian soap operas btw :kek: metta gimme a phrase lmao oops I think I should remove the white outline on text lol how about now? yikes it was better before lmao Agreed lol okay so I am currently working on a chatbot on which I also have to write a research paper ~~I can sort of demo wip if anyone's interested~~ it has been working on that secret project for over a year now bc I remember talking to zak about pb searching unity developers when choices is made using cocos Happy birthday drew!!! You're no longer in the 20 gang :KEKWhands: Ooh i just realized drew can now finally drink alcohol lmao Is it? I am not sure Bad bot Well uber's online I'll look into it This reminds me I had a friend in 8th grade whose name was accu (pronounced aku) and some teachers (well, mainly our science teacher) would pronounce it achu She used to be so pissed, she always said she'd change her spelling to akku but then there was so much paperwork she was like accu isn't so bad :KEKWhands: I still remember her first day at school, we were all lining up to go to assembly and you know how loud the drum beats get right? So, we asked this new girl her name and she said "Accu, A.C.C.U" and we all thought that's her initials :KEKWhands:  (like south indians have long initials sometimes and she was from kerala) the pen holding technique is controversial for me as well lmao me: writes something
everyone: :worry: yeah it feels worthless after a while. Thankfully, that's the only perk I have of having a common name OMG SAME There was this one teacher who always pointed out that I write like barack obama and I was like okay... My dad still wonders how can I write with hand turned all the way :KEKWhands: My friends used to blame that my writing technique hides what I am writing so it is really difficult to copy from me :kek: my relatives have hardly seen me write tbh i bet half of them don't even know I'm left handed :KEKWhands: I remember one of my cousins asking "since when are you left handed" and I was "...since forever" this is why I never want to have a job where I need to see handwritten stuff regularly :KEKWhands: oh my god what did I just see felt like a completely new language Here's the stuff I wrote in today's class (: :KEKWhands: no, just trying to learn uninformed searches :kek: :huh: Tfw you have to attend a session by Dr. Mario who looks like Mr. Bean ~~and speaks like Mr. Bean too~~ Apparently he is from Argentina I didn't know we were having foreign guests (apart from the speaker) in the session too lol the users would, idk about mods lol Mario! Where's Luigi? Asking this from a pure vegetarian is pretty bold if you ask me :kek: :kek: I love lettuce tho it's only great as a topping or for milkshakes. Wayy too runny to be a spread what? I love hershey milkshake :KEKWhands:  (PS. I just add some syrup in warm milk and call that milkshake, no sugar) also hershey's syrup on banana :DogeLick: I actually never tried nutella hmm makes sense. milkshakes would require blending and are also thicker best chocolate bar is amul's dark chocolate :DogeLick: dairy milk is too sweet sdkfhgerkfg dairy milk is a chocolate brand that makes milk chocolates ,img dairy milk silk is actually pretty good and wayy better than OG dairy milk ahhhh we are complete opposites aku :KEKWhands: silk is creamier has a nice texture tastes best when melted bubbly is a scam like the biggest scam since harshad mehta ooh send some to me as well :eyes_zoom: same hat bel and this new place I live sells buffalo milk wayy too expensive I have actually never had plant based milk We currently drink a mixture of cow and buffalo (like 50:50 ratio) so that we save some bucks while not comprising too much on taste yeah buffalo milk's da best it's also whiter fnidnvksnk Y'know my dad's household used to have buffaloes when he was a kid it does moo lol lol lmao I have had coconut milk in some dishes but never raw because they are wayy too cute for this universe...? same :NM_peepoShyhide: don't tell me you never watched movies like hum aapke h kaun, prem ratan dhan paayo etc. :worry: those are perfect examples of musicals also disney movies lol do it man... I really don't have a personality outside being a tech geek do I? :sad: but there should be sth else apart from this too like I had this interview and they literally asked if there's something else to me apart from being a tech nerd and I legit blanked out I thought she overslept on sunday lmao fair enough lol I have a very weird sleep schedule my handwriting in early 2019 That one is from my board examination so neat handwriting was a must lol My handwriting now is horrible :kek: But yeah we were advised to write neatly during board exams Omg same. I love putting the loops even if they are not required lol HELLO BEAUTIFUL SPOILERLANDERS!!!! I'm drunk of being sleep depriiiiiiiiiiived shhh Imma just add an emote then sleep you guys are gonna love the emote OOH ME WANTS GAIBOO FIC also thanks everyone for the lovely comments, all credits go to lindsay who gave me the emote science... bruh they don't even talk about protection :KEKWhands: I relate this sticker with metta so much that I was confused how he joined my uni group when someone posted it :KEKWhands: me at 12:15am: Are you gonna sleep now?
friend: yes
me: lame :kek: It has been around uhhhh 10 years since I had any type of tofu paneer ftw oof although I think paneer's not everyone's cup of tea Same :KEKWhands: Unless I start earning at least 400 a month that I can spend on nitro classic :LMFAOdead: That would be an adventure of a lifetime A whatsapp conversation
Organizer: mentors, ping me on discord so that I can give you the role
Me: looks for a relatively relevant channel on server, pings on #welcome
Organizer: ping me on DM
Me: :wut: they have double g goggles guess the context 🙂 guess the context #2 these are actual responses to a teaser of a coding club What news? I just woke up bdjsmska Ahhh I had classes from 9-12 so after that I crashed Oh Well I don't care about big boss So meh I didn't even bat an eyelash when ssr died soo yeah

Like okay it's sad but I really don't care lol Lmao I think I only ever checked abp news website I just rely on my google feed to give me latest news Clickbait is huge over here Lmao DD news is the govt run news channel But it's boring I was discussing news channels with my friend the other day Lol I think I have seen these types of articles here as well But they are always overshadowed by bollywood Hi This one is normal Like nothing too crazy Just went to my uni group and they are talking about the big boss contestant as well Me: that's sad. Moving on Mine looked normal All the best Aku! :hidethepain: Wassup All good Is no one in existential crisis like me rn? :KEKWhands: Morning drew! Evening mara! Quote of the day :) reminds me of the time I wanted to get my tab replaced took like 3 months and the replacement was a refurbished model and they told there won't be any extra warranty on it I was like dude, you took 3 freaking months the least you could do is revert those 3 months back in my warranty period ahh yes discord glitching Help 🥲 opening brace closing brace so do y'all remember I organised python bootcamp for an organisation? *it has been a while* anyways I just saw they released a discord tutorial on yt and... lemme just say it's cringe material ~~dw it's in english~~ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_v9xZklsno oh right warning: you'll lose a couple braincells while watching the above video 🙂 I don't regret doing this. I certainly don't Gotta love how there's only one eye that keeps moving yeah :KEKWhands: lmao :bigmood: unless I buy nitro maybe it's in my mind but only nitro classic yeah which is why INR 450 nitro ftw the classic one's 450 I think Lmao Yeah I just checked it's 430 Might consider that one The 850 one gives boosts plus longer message lengths And some other stuff that I am forgetting But yeah 430 one's more value for money Ahh custom stickers is only 850 nitro feature anyone who uses paypal, what is the conversion rate followed by them? is it same as standard rates or are there any charges? https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/817825620859682896.png?v=1 https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/751497688843026442.png?v=1 Np! It's not even cheap anymore :KEKWhands: My mom pays 379 for 3 months for airtel while everyone else has jio and pays 555 for the same time I mean sure my mom only gets 6gb total while we each get 1.5gb per day but does it even matter when we are mostly at home and there's wifi sat sri akal 🙏 this reminds me of Mara's mod application :MunchlaxMunch: like her mod app from the previous server :YouTried: NOOOOOOOOOO Omg me at every family functions. And it gets worse when they expect us to know they did STH when we were babies Dksksk yeah I just closed my Mac and slept My phone does that for notifs from some apps Like netmeds and grofers I love seeing kareena kapoor in negative filter lmao Lmao :KEKWhands: all servers after rythm shuts down:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTdFszcZp-I Happy Birrthday Metta and Kio! :BooParty: wow he looks hotter than the objection.lol version me with my 200$ phone that came bloated with chinese stuff: :ethonk: :KEKWhands: the song that's playing rn sounds very familiar feels so great to see someone using a blackboard after a really long time even if it is just a yt video https://www.scoopwhoop.com/humor/times-people-ruined-maggi-disaster-recipes-twitter/ I am disappointed that they included maggi with curd in the list Like don't complaint if you haven't tried it Also why is it that noodle samosa is so popular but maggi in panipuri is frowned upon :GabeThink: Also makki di roti with maggi can be a great combination due to maggi's masala I do agree things like chocolate and orange maggi are cursed Maggi milkshake... Well people who find cheese maggi Delish should not be complaining since that white thing is basically white sauce I can never make my food presentable 😪 I just plop it on my plate and eat. 

But great job making it look so appetizing .img chinese gaius .img 1001 gaius uhhh lily but genderbent and whitewashed yeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaahhhhhhh china no likey WOC LI kamilah is no more an LI just a mentor figure - ish and priya is... idr chinese priya tbh because china .img 1001 priya oh right she got whitewashed and old .img 1001 kamilah because vampires :kek: he looks like a baby Nahhh i was reading messages from other channels djsmsksk But Imma go back to sleep again My class starts at 11 I still have 40 mins to sleep Byeeeee Catch you folks laterrrrrrrrr I was playing 8 ball with Ub3r once. And as a normal person, I asked who are you? and it replied Absolutely. Hence the name 🙂 did I miss anything? Hi Drew! Hey Adam! Hi Metta! Hi Lu!!! Sup You don't reply sup with sup :KEKWhands: worst choice playthrough would y'all like to join VC where I'll stream this new VN game called unwritten? (I'll not stream NSFW stuff for our own sanity) I did one for ILITW and it was sooooo goooooood New choices doppleganger I don't think the storyscapes staff worked on it it released like 2 days ago I still haven't done WCP for ILB so I never lost the finger 🙂 Imma set up bluestacks and install unwritten real quick and then I can start streaming oh right I did the beta and it was not good medfangs tried the game out and she said it's worse than beta :KEKWhands: :kek: I'll start streamin in 5 mins you're kidding me right? it's not running on mine cause I have the one with ARM chip nothing to do with software update mac is good for development because... ARM is the future OMG SAME DELL IS HORRIBLE ooh yeah that might be it why yes I am setting up android studio on my mac just so I could stream using it's emulator does it support ARM? I- 🙂 I'm trying gonna make a new account that's based in the US lol no worries uhhhhh do fake numbers work? :ethonk: I just googled fake phone numbers for GMAIL and used the number from the first link 🙂 Why is streaming a game so difficult thankyou so much bel! You're a life saver uhhhhh indeed I guess I'll just have to shift to the other room and stream on my PC oh nvm I can't stream it anyway that book is NSFW yeah I just checked the server to see what's all the fuss about. Thanks but I'll wait for other stories to release because I am not streaming business with pleasure lmao .ud oxymoron huh .ud mormon what about the remaining 2.997% tho yeah :kek: I'll look them up tomorrow my bren too tired to comprehend what you just said OH HEY LOOK WHAT I FOUND this is why you ought to have this question in every moderator application form 🙂 btw this is from the old server now I wanna know the context for this because I sure as hell don't remember ooo now I remember it's from my most controversial post that got removed for sparking heated argument yeah :KEKWhands: Imagine being this desperate to get bday wishes 🥲 that ping must have pinged like 1000 people someone in one of the tech servers I am in :KEKWhands: nahh at least you didn't ping everyone on all the servers you're in to hear happy birthdays lmao lmao 😌 :kek: ohhh I think my kindergarten had that too they'd keep our bags in those ikr 🥺 omg yes! And I'd have to get on my toes to reach the top ones since I was in like 6th grade at that time lmao fun times Makes more sense why they shut those bots down now In 10th grade, our discipline incharge suspected that a student from our class brought phone to school. He was quite strict and that student was notorious for breaking rules. So the discipline incharge barged into our class and started ||beating the shit out of that ||student trying to find the phone. And he finally finds the phone. But that's not the end of it. When the incharge opens the phone case out of curiosity, he finds a packet of ||cocaine|| so yeah... That was the biggest scandal I encountered in my life let's just say, my school wanted discipline by hook or crook and the parents didn't mind the student got rusticated after that I don't remember if the ||teachers can't beat students|| rule was implemented in 2016 or not I remember touching girls in any form was not allowed but ||hitting boys|| was fine I am talking about India lmao :KEKWhands: nowadays, it's not as prevalent I think but when I was younger (like elementary and middle school) oh boy our teachers used to keep steel or wooden rulers (depending on their preference) to ||hit indisciplined students|| anyways, the highlight of the scandal I shared was ||drugs in phone case|| yo Abyss I just got this really nice movie in my mind that we can watch on Indian education system and how it's not inclusive. We can watch it someday maybe in a few hours? (I mean like when you'll wake up cause it's probably too late now :KEKWhands: ) :kek: just ping me when you wake up, I'll stream oh btw everyone's invited to the movie night THAT WAS BECAUSE MEGAMIND WAS CURSED Abyss agrees with me lol he knows we made plans of watching it thrice and everytime something major happened That's a very long story Will share in VC someday Oh we actually watched like the first half of the movie But then stuff happened A lot of it I'm just waiting for abyss to wake up so that we can start watching the movie :KEKWhands: I even have the link ready We're not watching megamind tho :smart: It's a bollywood movie lol But I'm sure you guys will love it It's a bit different than conventional bollywood movies Also the English subtitle version is available on yt so like easy for me to stream lol Well wouldn't that spoil the surprise Nahhh Also that's a soap opera thing, not a bollywood thing lmao :KEKWhands: Soap operas is like tv shows. Bollywood is for movies It's mainly about how Indian education is not inclusive and talks about how everyone thinks that every child is the same and needs similar treatment Yeee You ruined the surprise :KEKWhands: I know the answer but ig mara can explain it better lmao :kek: Yeah And then I watched the movie alone And it was bad Do I was glad mara didn't watch Oh well there are a lot of bollywood movies Based on hitman Plus dawood from hitman is based off of a real don so... Is that a MasterChef reference? Dkskskskdk 👀 Oh we gotta show Lu the "plug" board 😂 It was a knife! And no, there's no icecream I thought that was implied 😂 can't get over the way they kill dawood Maybe 👀 Also just a sec Gonna get my airpods this is a mood I don't think I did Might be someone else Tho I would love GaiusGames https://youtu.be/9o_WMcuz8j8 just watch the first 60 seconds or so you'll observe 2 things 1. The intro doesn't look or sound like this will be an educational video 2. Center Stage (the iPadOS feature) would hate this professor lmao why wouldn't PB just opt to show choices on my mac :KEKWhands: hnggggg is it too hard to add choices to that list?? I'm doing my assignments but I can have the stream on one side Whoa did we just get boosted? Brb gonna scream excitedly THANKYOU SO MUCH MILQUE THIS MEANS A LOT!!!! ALSO WELCOME TO THE ROYALTY! The founder of the name priyudi Finally contacted me lmao I did not! She did! :KEKWhands: Truly It's a boring history tbh Basically we were a group of 4 friends and we decided to give ourselves nicknames And mine ended up being longer than my real name But since it was unique, I started using it as a username Yeah! And then one day I ran it through Google translate And turns out it means boyfriend in telugu So this name became a running joke in our group Then we all went to different schools and pretty much lost contact Also I am tempted to boost the server but I am hesitant to spend 850 inr every month when it isn't my money Once I start earning money, you bet I am boosting this server indeed true 😔 there were a lot of factors but I like to put the blame on megamind The man may be innocent but the movie isn't who the heck is tighten now does watching the movie while also watching spoilerland go into shambles count? also oh I remember that dude but I didn't know his name gotta love the ok sign at the end :kek: what if I say yes? Zak, Abyss and I used to have a lot of fun when spl just started I used to post scripts as discord messages and they were the only ones (with occasional visitors) who reacted so yeah... probably around a 100 people I- I guess??? :heheadrian: :megadrian: So much proud It's in Europe where all fictitious countries and kingdoms exist :KEKWhands: Exactly! A trip down the memory lane :KEKWhands: Do you know who did that? Because I do I was talking about the nickname change fiasco but go on :kek: Every community needs to be this chaotic tbh My uni communities aren't 🥲 Actually no, my uni communities are chaotic on whatsapp instead of discord But spl takes the cake :pomg: I dont have corgi emote 🥲 Me wants corgi emote Yeshhh Dkdksksoso Okay but can we do that? This could be an alternative of 😛 Brb gonna watch some doggo pics Ballgi? Like ball + corgi Cuteness overload I recommend y'all to download crowdsource to get unlimited cat and dog pictures while also improving Google's AI A lil help pleas e 🥲 But it's a signboard Does that count Okay Y'all vote Mickey mouse character I think Lmfao Plot twist Mood Wait really? My whole life has been a lie Wow Also ummm why is this in dog category :KEKWhands: Oh wow you actually managed to understand what was written lol :MunchlaxMunch: :KEKWhands: Does this image contain a dog?
https://c.tenor.com/zySGP75JLWgAAAAM/well-yes-but-actually-no-well-yes.gif That's a mood Now I can't stop laughing At this pace we will be out of all the emote space lol :deargodhelp: Same energy He looks genuinely scared The fact that he has chains on doesn't help either Perhaps he's a circus monkey :Dopeysad: NGL I found it cute People deliberately submit such images to cause confusion :KEKWhands: Not me reading it as "Poppy naam h mera, Poppy paneer" :KEKWhands: (translation: my name is peppy, peppy paneer) Throwback! it was supposed to be for the cordonian theme I had last year so cordonian ruby with the pb face and trr crown Lmao whatsapp's down This is why I always asked my uni mates to shift to discord :aislame: Whatsapp's down Messages are not sending And apparently do is fb and insta Lmao yeah, I was in the middle of a convo as well :KEKWhands: Looks like the servers crashed Once you'll join uni, you'll have to 🥲 I didn't use to have a whatsapp account until uni No internet? In this economy? 🥲 Convince them to join discord :heheadrian: Don't tell them that you can view profiles by clicking on usernames :smart: They are boomers, they wouldn't bother exploring Ahh well that would be an issue Fair enough Dayum that's so cute ~~me who has no idea of what bitmoji is~~ I have never used snapchat so... :raifepain: still better than domino's chocolate pizza 🥲 Y'all the prefix for Carl is c! And no, you don't need mod roles c!steal c!help heh I forgot I wrote that she high on math Basically a list of resources of that particular android app Resources could be third party dependencies or other files that the app might be using Discord please only tell me about student hubs when you have one ready for my university challenge :KEKWhands: Which of these is more accurate grammatically - the man needs _much_ advice or the man needs _many_ advice I feel like it should be much but 🤷‍♀️ lol so it was indeed much advice :MunchlaxMunch: so I was watching main hoon na and tho it isn't exactly student teacher relationship (like the protagonist is an undercover army officer and his cover is that of a student) this is pretty interesting to see - Imagine if QB did sth like that with MC and Kingsley :MunchlaxMunch: ooh there's more :kek: aha CG ideas for PB :MunchlaxMunch: He is supposed to be in college why the hell is he reading HC Verma :KEKWhands: aww I could have streamed it lol ngl I never watched this movie before either also WHAT THE HELL IS THIS MOVIE the way they normalized student teacher romance (like the teacher didn't know he was an army officer) its just aaaaaaa :KEKWhands: I wanna go full alex myers on this movie tbh this movie is so overhyped lots of illogical stuff going on Ram: Army gonna get you in 5 mins Raghavan
Raghavan: Oh we have 5 mins? How about we do some fistfighting to pass time like dude you literally have a gun why bother fistfight It's negative logic at this point Then there's lucky who's your below average college student going to protect his brother, who is a major in the army like boiii you would be a huge liability srk has a knack of making people feel he lost towards the climax of the movie like every srk movie that has some action, I find him with blood all over his mouth being continuously hit by the antagonist praying for dear life and then when he is at 1HP, he gets some sort of extra power and wins the battle ohhhh maybe he uses the endeavour attack so that the opponent goes to 1 HP as well and then he outspeeds the opponent to knock him out this is a private college, so who's gonna pay for the repairs :MunchlaxMunch: imma be honest, farah khan's movies has one of the most creative credits gotta appreciate that like for once you would like to know who did the screenplay, who produced etc. this is so accurate lmao my mom says that too :kek: ehh if you count the kiss in rain but it was kinda different you say as if current movies have logic :judgeyfroge: my uncle does that to my mom a lot (when her celebrity crushes used to come on the screen) ooh noice lmao I feel like the big budget movies are always illogical the sequel is worse okay fair enough :kek: My mom watched the sequel on prime and told me its really bad so I never bothered watching it yesss I feel like an alex myers type of channel but for indian media (like bollywood and indian soap operas) would be soo good that's one helluva burn we really don't have any other lgbt+ films other than dostana and shubh mangal zyada savdhan do we? that is the first time the topic was explored in bollywood - according to wikipedia ohhhh wait no, I haven't heard of it there's also this one movie on hotstar - "hum bhi akele, tum bhi akele" hmm inchresting dostana was about two men lying about being gay so that they could live in a place where there is this girl they both had a crush on yeah, it wasn't really lgbt rep ouch well I haven't watched the movie myself so can't comment much what I am saying is from the wiki summary hum bhi akele, tum bhi akele, from what my mother told was about a gay and a lesbian couple but their parents weren't accepting so they decide to show that the girl and guy love each other and secretly enjoy lives with their soulmates or sth LMAO very informative I wish hotstar allowed streaming so that we could have watched that movie together hotstar released some lgbt+ friendly content during the pride month this movie was part of that I remember looking it in the Pride Month special category 🤷‍♂️ lol yeah also is that from yt? becasue hotstar doesn't like ss ahhh what a translation :MunchlaxMunch: :KEKWhands: all credits to voltra speaking of movies which region's movie should we watch next weekend? well, I just threw a lot of dvds sooo.... depends if it's like a huge country then country otherwise that specific ethnic region me: CC = closed captions 🙂 ik, figured it from the convo but still CC = closed captions :MunchlaxMunch: does anyone remember this movie about wildfires hollywood movie I don't remember too much except that I liked it no, I don't think it was this one that one had this pilot who always crashed his planes ayyy 🙌 :kek: in other news I lost my airpods case :KEKWhands: Oh shoot I was supposed to complete my files Thanks for the reminder I think a reason for it could be the proportion of those races in the US combined with the financial constraints etc like if I only have an option to produce 3 types of dolls, I'd obviously pick the three most common types. I am not sure of the exact percentages but I guess black and white are the most common races found in the US with asian and hispanic being comparable to each other (in terms of percentages) but rarer than white or black. which is why companies might opt to do it this way. the same could apply to PB to some extent I believe hmm makes sense these companies obviously have money on their minds and only produce stuff they *know* will work it is corporates are stupid and selfish if I deviate from the topic a bit, India still has a lot of fairness creams (which is toxic, considering what it implies) and they only exist because corporates know this works and people *would* buy it we have dolls that US produces :kek: I grew up with barbie dolls (some directly from mattel and some... cheap copies of barbies which were definitely inspired from the ones mattel made) the only dark skinned doll I had was the ballerina barbie mattel made maybe, idk, I just remember that mattel ones had fancy packaging yeah, now that I think about it, it's pretty fucked up although I am glad no one in my immediate family uses fairness creams or encourages other to use them so there's still hope! I definitely agree it's human nature to try to imitate others and have role models. Like babies literally learn by imitating and if you have bad rep, those children learn wrong stuff without realising it's wrong it's a vicious circle I still remember when I was in chennai, their culture is to wear bindis (basically a small sticker or kohl dot on forehead) to signify the good health of their mothers. But from where I am, bindis signify good health of husbands. So when I went to school, they'd always question why I don't wear bindis to the point I had to request my mom to put me bindi every day the impact society can have alternating is still better than avoiding one all the time but alternating should be for every race and not just the rarer ones mara, it's **.img** for choices images!!!! ub3r b0t... because ub3r likes humiliating me baddest bot @UB3R-B0T shut up good hot I- mara, we could also join the VC to hear what you have to say don't hurt yourself while typing :kek: nahhh that's drew https://tenor.com/view/typing-speed-typing-gif-12469071 this is mara with that very smirk and hair over her face I always thought mara is an anime girl with black hair and big doll eyes lmao I think I used to pick asian almost all the time asian liam reminded me of shahid kapoor pre-body building phase ,img shahid kapoor jab we met not in terms of looks in terms of personality and no like shahid kapoor always did the roles where he'd be the good boy willing to do anything for the love of his life y'all stop teasing me I don't have netflix :KEKWhands: ask netflix to stop being unreasonably high priced I literally have all streaming services except netflix oh macbook audio needs a bit of setup to work I have done it it's on discord's website too yeah I'll link you the doc https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/1500006741102-macOS-Screen-Share-with-Audio-Update-FAQ @Arzaylea has the step by step guide your welcome! ~~imagine I said that in spanish~~ THANKS VOLTRA I know a teensy bit of spanish from that shin chan game and jane the virgin me with hindi literature: y'know they always say public exams like board examinations in India are tough but I find them to be the easiest since all you have to do is practice previous year questions I thought squid game was an anime :wut: okay but marvel movies have really good hindi dubs- okay squid games stream this weekend I wanna watch you you are :Dopeysad: shut up I can always close my eyes my brother plays gta since he was 4. kids these days they have been exposed to stuff earlier than they should have been and now they are desensitized welp it's not bad, but the way they are exposed to it is like you said, they must first be educated about it I actually agree to that mood I was discussing about this with my mom one time and how internet being cheap contributed to increase in ||rape|| basically, jio, an internet service provider gave free internet for around 6 months like 1gb/day free which led to many providers being shut down and others reducing internet costs also they released a semi-smart phone for 1500 INR (around 22 usd) and that phone can run yt and other websites so now basically everyone has internet and the fact that sex is always been a forbidden discussion in India many people look it up on the internet great but my airpods aren't charged I'll watch it on weekends oh cool how long is the series anyway? hmm 2 days should be enough then I agree, stupid deadlines speaking of which SOMEBODY TEACH ME JAVASCRIPT that's just 3 hours tho- moiii are you at work now? oof take some rest tho make use of that off 8pm bst will be *does math* 1am? 1:30? what timezone is BST? +1? ohh so 12:30 assuming the stream lasts for 5 hours oh that's great I can try sleeping early 7am on a sunday ouch dayum also, look at my new VSCODE theme :furballhappy: thanks! it's called cyberpunk :kek: it's sort of related like the person who made the theme got inspired by the videogame mhmm earlier I used to have a black and pink theme my old theme omg I remember that :kek: fun times same it also has more colours so I can see my code better the old one was just grey, pink, pinker mhmm also high contrast so I can actually distinguish everything better this is gonna be fun there was also this theme on my mind but I rejected it solely for being so light yeah, which is why, cyberpunk theme is the best :kek: I usually work in the dark so I cannot stand the brightness lol I'm currently on single bar of brightness :Dopeysad: I still can't stand the light modes hmm makes sense at first I used to have dark mode everywhere just to look cool but now I can't stand the light it hurts my head IT'S 5 AM WHATTTTT ughh why am I like this I thought it's 2 time flies by the speed of light lmao okay I'll try to make a script before I go to bed that's because you are 4.5 hours behind me so you going to bed makes me realize I pulled an all-nighter :kek: 7pm 8pm sometimes yes that's pm I have messed up my sleep schedule so much yeah :KEKWhands: I never compromise on my sleep except that one week I suffered from insomnia brrrrr that's my mom lmao she barely sleeps she'd go to sleep like 3am 4am and wake up at 7-8am I don't feel rested unless I sleep for full 8 hours sometimes I sleep like 12-14 hours but that's when I actually sleep at night so like from 2am till 4pm or sth oof this is why I like to keep a day off after travelling longest for me was around 5.5 hours but then I had a cab ride which was around 3-4 hours I was 11 at the time lol for me it's when I wake up thinking it has been 5 hours but it's actually 10 hours+ indeed I really need to fix my sleep schedule because I'll be having exams and I can't sleep through them thanks! and yes I blame mara you really are like my mom lmao agreed btw if anyone's interested in learning how to make discord bots over the weekend and making bots for a competition, DM me 😘 there's a server that warns people for using the word "guys" I- like literal bot warning for saying hey guys because the server claims to be *inclusive* and guys isn't an inclusive word ikr but they say to use the word "folks" instead I rarely use folks, idk it's just not on top of my head lmao :dead: cropped the ss to hide the user the mod clarifying oh god it's fine if it's swear words blacklisting for an educational server but "guys"? seriously it's from a server of a famous youtuber 💀 aka "I am successful even after fucking my JEE exams" JEE = engineering entrance test adhfbsfidbfshf probably IITians anyways this dude is literally involved in so much drama at one point I started to think he does it deliberately to get attention but he's a successful youtuber! why does he need attention? :KEKWhands: but banning the word guys is just... dumb, stupid, annoying, wtf the list goes on the last time I went to that server the bot only suggested to use inclusive words like folks now it outright warns them AKU YOU WATCHED SQUID GAMES TOO?!!! :raifepain: Also why the heck am I getting ads for a LGBT+ group that is asking me to break up with my family instead of educating them?!!! Apparently it's not an LGBT+ group but a fashion e-commerce website :wut: Watch them pull "MC was in coma/MC travelled to the future" Like DS :raifepain: I might have to skip tomorrow because I have to wake up at 9 to be able to organise the session at 12 it's an important event and I am the host but I'll join sunday night that's a very good point aww you'd do that for me? I only got to know about it today that the session is preponed from sunday evening to sunday noon well that would mean participants would have less than 24 hours to submit a discord bot for round 1 wait next sunday I have an exam in the morning ~~I'll just head myself out~~ Next sunday I need to wake up at 6 ngl that would be scary since you have so many unique (and gross) ways to kill people :raifepain: uh-huh lmao agreed Praotic Priyudi Phundari? b-but I'm cute you could have lied on that one mara don't be so honest you still have 15 mins for bedtime you sleep at 5am IST from what I observed which is 4:30am IST that means it takes you 30 mins to actually sleep :kek: mara is a sexy gamer bodyguard you are my clock you make me realise I pulled an all-nighter wait, y'all play red light green light too? I thought that was just some silly indian game watch the reference be in TRF imagine maxwell hearing about it and mistaking it like I did definitely 🙂🙂🙂 :raifepain: Actually y'all can start today since I'd be missing out a day either way I will watch them, but maybe not with you guys depending on how today's session goes all the more reason to not click on shady links kids! mhmm Organise a bot contest to get chaos nice OH IT WORKS?!!! https://www.mostfungames.com/hannah-montana-wireless-quest.htm I mean they're not wrong oh welp the game is glitchy because it's using some sort of emulator now that flash's dead hahahaha miley go brrr there's a thing called flashpoint that claims to be the *solution* to the death of flash but the mac version is *experimental* imma just download and give it a try it's bad on mac like you'd have to override security settings for multiple files (and you cannot do it together) and it keeps crashing brb gonna try on windows has M1 mac moment :raifepain: :kek: I don't play games frequently and when I do, it's mostly mobile games so I seldom feel the need for windows on windows, you could either download all the flash games along with the player (766 GB) or just the player with links to all the games (3GB + whatever games you download later) lol I have only played minecraft once, that too the browser version and got stuck on the ocean bed because I didn't know how to jump there are so many cool phineas and ferb games https://tilde.so/new-meeting-oh8a77vn25ygdp808laid63o okay gnite this is what this link actually is about btw. It's a collaboration space I am woketh no u Pinned a message. wut I made the link after going to the website I use it all the time :kek: you can also watch yt videos togather with that thing and upload files, pin links and talk and screen share :kek: AHHHH FINALLY (this was the one I did last year) loool I almost forgot myanmar next up imma do american states coz why not I am so bad at this remembered virginia is a place too Y'all Remember I am hosting a bot contest? Someone is making a pokecord clone And it looks soooo good NGL I am rooting for them It was a Pokemon related bot that allowed you to catch, fight, trade on discord But it got shut down Yeah, this dude loved the bot sm he wants to revive it By making it himself If it works it works :kek: Wanna see? https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/897442493338124328/900666266610728960/unknown.png He still needs to work on a lot of things but given that he only had 2 days to make a bot for the competition, this is impressive scam 1992 flashbacks aren't twitch streams recorded? like how yt live streams work ahh that's sad 🥲 true ooh that sounds fair, since you gotta give them something for the money too but paywalling recordings is just too much ig that's a yes those are nice perks I have also seen some youtubers provide things like 1 on 1 chats, giveaways, behind the scenes, sometimes a pre-release of a certain video and I think those are fair and actually worth the money while also not being unfair to those who don't pay I don't mind early release unless it's like a month or two :kek: fair I was reading the convos about santa and well... it's a long story :raifepain: we had a poll for that (before the early access thing) and iirc, it was decided to keep them in vip section hmm. ngl i don't remember :KEKWhands: I just saw a scene of squid games ep 1 in english and hindi dub and boy the english dub is so bad like the middle age protagonist's voice does not match his body or his korean voice for that matter the hindi dub is cool *so far* I haven't heard everyone in fact, I can recognize most of the hindi voices so it just gives me a feel of "I know these actors" it's nice I agree because it *is* terrible I am watching one of those reaction videos and they did it in english dub, so I am basically watching ep 1 in english dub and yikes it just does not fit ~~I am not watching reaction videos because I forgot half the plot from last week's stream~~ I just went through her scene jcnskrjfn the first one where she says Please spare me I have a kid blah blah blah it's too feeble imo yes her face does not scream soft I just realised, the version of red light green light I played during my childhood was called "lundun gundan manigundan statue" idk the meaning of any word except statue although the first time I watched it reminded me of that mini-game in takeshi's castle ooh There was a red letter green letter game where in if a person said green letter p, people with p in their names would move forward yessss sometimes when we'd have less time, we'd include our dad and granddad's name as well first and last names if we had time, first, last, dad's first, granddad's first if we were short of time https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IXiDrvCBuQ the hindi one is certainly better than english lmao the person giving instruction's voice is so calm it fits so much I mean she's not wrong :kek: english be like: we are not creative :kek: but that would require creativity short bob :raifepain: Also, no bangs? girl I used to have bangs all the time and I studied in a kendriya vidyalaya hmm I mean, I'd always suggest having short hair because it's a time saver in the morning :KEKWhands: guten aben :KEKWhands: oh right it has been 84 years since I looked at my german textbook :raifepain: I know, tag is day, abend is evening and nacht is night anyways, suprabhat aaron +desire but hindi I have an exam tomorrow so I'm doing as good as I can do these days :KEKWhands: I am just watching this video because procrastination - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHWML7JdVTE ooh good luck! also, you'll get higher marks than prelims so dw yes prelims are harder on purpose But they make prelims harder so that students feel the gravity of exams and start studying a secret they don't tell us in school I got a 54 in my math prelims 95 in boards oh oh right you have MCQ corona batch :raifepain: I had a 100 mark exam the next batch had 80 mark exam me: last batch of cgpa system, last batch to study c++ in cs dw I know, this time uni mid terms are mcq for me also nptel exams are mcq + one liner answers lcm had that L shape division with all the numbers and then you multiply the left and bottom numbers iirc why do you need lcm and hcf in 12th tho? Huh I didn't get the option Hun it's already up to date Maybe it's a beta feature? About time if you ask me tho My app crashed when I did that And now the pic just vanishes Nope No spoiler option Okay apparently for me it just removes the image instead of opening that menu I have an android Also I don't have nitro so I can't send the screen record I just made for demonstration :KEKWhands: Ohu Ohh Lmao Same, I use discord on laptop more often anyways Also MacOS Monterey on 25 Oct y'all Which is monday My safari already updated and has the features they showed in the Monterey update, I don't know why I am looking forward to the update lmao I get paid when I get a job :raifepain: Nothing major for me, but people with multiple apple devices get universal control where they can use the same input devices like the keyboard and trackpad of a macbook and use it to control an ipad for example There's also a really cool copy paste feature courtesy to universal control where in you can just drag and drop files or copy text from one device to another Safari also gets a new look but I already have the safari update :KEKWhands: Oh right there's also shareplay where you can basically watch apple tv or listen to Apple music with your friends on facetime But I don't have anybody who uses facetime so 🤷‍♀️ And there's a portrait mode for facetime where the background gets blurred The safari update is basically tab groups and a different look I got it like last month I think https://www.apple.com/in/macos/monterey/features/ Yeah My tabs are mostly grey or black :KEKWhands: NGL this update looks like it's only for people who are in the apple ecosystem Because most of the things either require you to have multiple apple devices or your friends using apple products Exactly Not just android, even the people who have a Mac and a windows device Oh I can already imagine teenagers pitching these features to their parents to get an apple device Yeah apple makes it magically work The only reason I got a Mac was durability + dev friendly Unix environment I am too lazy to do windows + linux dual boot Wooo Lmao 1.5 hours are gonna pass in a breeze And the windows laptop I liked costed like 65k anyway so I just had to convince my dad a little for him to agree on spending 84k Lol dw you will leave right when it's time I just wanna get my mom an ipad because I know she'll make good use of it She wants to do digital art but struggles with the coordination when she uses graphic tablet. So I wanna get her an ipad Do it! She'd love it Yeah, whatever she uses more and has started to age Yeah, don't get an ipad just to doodle lmao Too expensive for that Oh I didn't know that xjsnsksk I thought Americans get everything right when it's launched They want you to not spend impulsively Tho Apple watch sounds great Oh I can imagine Haha they knew who they were targeting when they launched that feature I prefer the apple website because educational discount Apple doesn't have any official store here. Just resellers :ethonk: I have seen apple stores in videos, they are ✨ classy ✨ Would have been a great thing pre-covid :kek: One reason could be new school session Why would you buy apple products on best buy when there's apple store Ahh you guys have offers on phone carriers :raifepain: Apple care is so expensive even with student discount I'd rather live on the edge Hehe What other things can you use Apple care for other than damages? I thought it was like an extended warranty Ahh That's nice But I am not paying 18k INR for that :KEKWhands: My android is around 200$ and it's holding up pretty great My mom's android was also 200$ and it has been like 3 or so years I think America doesn't have cheap android phones so people don't think as much before buying an iphone Iphones here are a luxury I get pissed if anyone apart from my mom touches my phone Especially my brother Even then, at that price point just buy a dslr camera Oh honey, you can even get 16gb ram with that much money My mobile has 6gb ram (costed around 13k) and it's buttery smooth Dw, you can get a nice phone in college :kek: Meanwhile my whatsapp: That's after I move the images and videos to my SD card Yes To both the messages Whenever you join college, make sure not to join a college whatsapp group Look at this monstrosity Apparently whatsapp also counts things I have moved to SD card The first one is my class group, second one was a general group I left a long time ago, third was a subject discussion group, last one being a group to circulate answers At least telegram does not store media on storage afaik I really like discord not storing anything on my mobile I even went through the pain of setting up discord for my class but :raifepain: I even made an icon! Did you know discord is coming up with a feature that'll allow you to switch accounts easily? Oh shush it's simple yet elegant Anyways, once the multiple account thing is implemented you could just have 2 accounts Ghastly is purple This icon is rainbow https://c.tenor.com/74hQr3iCz68AAAAM/teasing-pokemon.gif 🤷‍♀️ :samhelpme: Haha I should have sent this when the Pokemon quiz called meowth the "founder of team rocket" Yes But they were like: team rocket = meowth UwU They also called bulbasaur water type And called me short tempered for calling them out The question was which of these is not a water type: squirtle, staryu, horsea, bulbasaur I chose bulbasaur The quiz: booo wrong answer Lemme see if I still have link to that game https://jinisha03.github.io/WebBuildPokeCode/ Idk if y'all can see the questions Because I can't Mom: there's a storm outside
Me: niceee
My brother: what's so nice about that
Me: halloween vibes Help I have to wake up in around 4 hours but I can't sleep Hngggg So much for sleeping at 2am I was skimming choices' ToS and :samwtf: Legit every choices games promotes gambling Choices series* But they do normalise gambling by having all these casino scenes Even if they aren't actually using our virtual currency, isn't it still promoting gambling when they have choices like "go all in" Hmm I guess that makes sense But games like ludo King that urge you to spend 500 diamonds and if you win you get 1000 back is def gambling right? (Diamonds are virtual currencies you can get using daily bonuses, or purchase with real money) Then why do such games exist and are so popular :KEKWhands: :ethonk: :raifepain: X = idk Actually no, replace mlf and X Because they have watermarks that make it look like they own the  assets Inchresting That's not too bad There's no mention of going into jail Incar what? Ohh So we really *can* end up in jail Nice I am "nice"ing at the fact that now they made it more explicit by making us agreeing to these terms So we have no way of denying That we did not read Maybe? I feel like many already did she'd just pull another emotional card, call these people big bad bully and move on like it never happened Rumor has it that she once got banned from playing choices but she says she was locked out from her google account which had nothing to do with pb Maybe 🙈 Also somebody please put me to sleep it's 2:36am and I have to wake up at 5am djskskkssk Wolf bride? Hmm Sunkissed Ohh Eiskekekd Maybe math textbook :butwhy: Or maybe I should open my dad's tax portal and file his taxes That would surely put me to sleep :kek: He definitely considers me one I have to do it for free :raifepain: :KEKWhands: I guess I'll just study for the exam and that should help me sleep 🙂 I'm hungry :kek: I achieved that ever since I was 10 yrs old The topic I scored a 38/100 in :raifepain: I am really regretting not choosing soft skills over this @MaralinaSakura have you studied about Intellectual Property Rights? Ooh Nice I asked a question about ipr in the forum But nobody answered :KEKWhands: It's not really a course related question I tried 🥲 But then I get this weird feeling in gut that is not letting me sleep And now I am going through the forum Please do :KEKWhands: Maybe? A bit? Wow those are so well designed Meanwhile my notes are just video transcriptd And assignmentd I feel like I'm gonna mess up tomorrow and score lower than I did in Haskell exam Also if I sleep now I won't be able to wake up at 5am :niapanic: Nope and nope Which is why I am revising now :KEKWhands: ~~and also getting distracted and playing solitaire~~ Hola Just came back home, it was cool. There some really weird questions tho :ethonk: Niiiiceeeeeee @MaralinaSakura you up for the moment of truth? manu -> Ollie wanna see me stream? idk if it's gonna work tho 🙈 we are doing an experiment of replacing manu with oliver lol And nevermind, my brother is an ass Took the PC from me Where I had stuff set up Maybe I can do it right before the squid game stream (hopefully) You don't know how much I want to do that but alas ok I got back the PC MOMENT OF TRUTH Only legends know how gaiboo awustwine came into existence :kek: It does look like a real glitch :KEKWhands: Now that I look back, the first one was the tamest Gaius imo It got worse with every iteration Ikr :KEKWhands: :kek: When does it even release? Wednesday? Hmm Okay let's fix a time then :KEKWhands: Lemme just check my exam schedule 11pm IST? Why is my house infected with the K-Drama syndrome :KEKWhands: I was showing my mom suju people and she said half of them are so "chikne" (smooth) they look like girls :KEKWhands: My mom called one of them trans because he was wearing a necklace :KEKWhands: disappointed but not surprised :kek: 

I am still predicting umi being completely replaced by suju band members :raifepain: at least you now have space for the suju merch oh hey it's finally in epic moments lmao at least the og message is mentioned :PBSeeIToldYouSo: top 10 anime betrayals the pencil arrives tomorrow and this thing's gonna come a month later ***A month*** because I ordered the pencil from flipkart :KEKWhands: pencil @apple website with educational discount - 7560 INR
pencil@flipkart with bank discount - 6299 INR and ipad was out of stock on flipkart at first I was like huh 1st dec is a bit late thinking today is 28 Nov lol true dayum I remember my first purchase online back in 2015 heard of so many stories of online frauds but the book wasn't available offline so I ordered it from flipkart got it for real cheap and the condition was awesome it's good for anything that's more expensive on amazon :KEKWhands: amazon delivery (with prime) > flipkart delivery That could have happened if I was rich enough to order an iphone :PBSeeIToldYouSo: first purchase on flipkart: 2015
first purchase on amazon: 2017 I have heard of it :deargodhelp: returns on amazon are easier than flipkart in my experience also true lol but again, I have to pay for prime video might as well use it for free deliveries :PBSeeIToldYouSo: vegetables are still bought from vendors and supermarkets in my house but everything else... :MunchlaxMunch: :OOF: my grandma's family was so skeptical of online shopping until I ordered my dad's phone there when we visited for holidays. Now they buy *everything* online even from shady websites I still stick to amazon or flipkart lmao (and apple store for apple tingz) for me, online shopping was a boon in goa because I would get things not available locally that too home delivered when even the nearest supermarket is 4km and nearest stationary shop is around 9km, online shopping automatically becomes a better option regardless of price same lol the apple pencil arrived :KEKWhands: gen 1 because cheap + ipad 9th gen doesn't support gen 2 but I cannot test the pencil because no ipad and by the time ipad will be delivered, I'll be off to delhi so I won't be able to test it before next summer oh well Happy birthday bel! Swiggy: Priya + couch = good sunday
Me: Priya + bed = best sunday With that being said, good night 💤 I was talking to my friend about barbie movies And I realised they are very similar to many choices series MC is a newbie fighting her way through all odds Wins through power of friendship For me I guess, birds chirping Apparently my new building celebrates halloween lmao The kids came and yelled trick or treat and my brother was like - yo you guys okay? Then they invited him to tag along and my brother said - "I am not a kid to do stupid stuff like this, plus halloween isn't an Indian thing anyway" That's my brother for you Istg he doesn't have any friends even tho he likes to pretend he does Because of his attitude https://tenor.com/view/hug-comfort-touch-gif-5917730 Bruhhh :kek: Paneer, corn, onions, peas, capsicum (all colours), cabbage, soya sauce, green chilli sauce, ketchup Wait... That's hakka noodles Not ramen I don't eat ramen For instant noodles I usually have the spice mix that's in the packet, onion, potatoes, corn, paneer and peas And then I eat it with curd :UmiYay: :KEKWhands: You should try it sometime, peas taste great in maggi and top ramen Potato is the soft complement to crunchy vegetables Also I just realized I wrote peas in hakka noodles oops Peas are a instant noodles only thing Best maggi is cheese maggi that doesn't have cheese What about curd with maggi then :samhelpme: OMG FINALLY I love peas as long as it's not the gajar matar curry Huh Never tried frozen peas as frozen Oo I used to eat raw peas But then one day the lot was bad Like bitter So I stopped eating them raw The sonic one? Hmm I remember I couldn't find anythig Maybe I should look up one more time Wait what? You're younger than me? OwO also happy belated birthday! You missed the special birthday role :KEKWhands: .ud ddmc :raifepain: Huhhhh saaaaame although I am sure you're gonna appreciate your lil vacation more lmao also happy diwali also please sleep when you get the chance lol sleep>>>> I agree lol festival of lights celebrated on the occasion of Lord Rama coming back to his kingdom after defeating ravana modern language: Hindu alternative to christmas You are reminding me of all the boomers who fill up my storage by sending these gifs and pics lol I went to the mall with my family today and played air hockey lol. also bursted some crackers aaaaaaaaa the neighbours are back with their loud music but I can't even stop them this time since it's festival day we bursted at around 10:30pm ish because we reached home at 9:30pm lol I found my first diary It's from 2009 Idk how much of it is genuine and how much of it is sarcasm He was around 6 months old at that time and I made him sit on me :raifepain: I was 8 years old Of course i had nothing better to write Let's see. climbing on stairs, trying to jump from the balcony, eating plaster of paris and dirt And peeing in someone's mouth True But we did manage to lock him inside the house so he wouldn't climb the stairs Dayum What did you write That is too mature for an eight yr old :KEKWhands: I agree. I had some teachers who would say "your only homework is revising what has been done in class" and they actually taught really well Hmm true Still lol For me even in 11th and 12th, hw would be "complete all exercises" based on one example done in class, sometimes make ppts or projects @people with long hair who keep their hair open often- don't your hair get ridiculously tangled? But don't combs hurt too much if the hair is too much tangled? Oo It has been a really long time since I had long hair lol. I do remember choosing to have short hair because I had a bad experience with tangled hair (also that was the time i had lice so my mom would use the thin comb to get rid of them and it wasn't a pleasant experience) https://tenor.com/view/bird-dance-duck-happy-smile-gif-15512646 :heheadrian: Let's just say, I wasn't disappointed Where i previously lived: air pollution and earthquakes
Where i currently live: nothing :kek: hain???? .ud ghibli okayyyy Only ponyo but I didn't realize it was a ghibli movie .ud shoujo huh I barely knew any of these people I go caseless because I want a custom case but I can never finalize a design mara do you realize that's roughly a 1000 rupees? 1000 rupees for a fricking phone case??? :OOF: IKR The one I plan to buy is 400 INR and it's gonna be custom :KEKWhands: it just baffles me that tech is cheaper in the US but then the accessories are expensive though I commend apple for pricing their subscriptions decently in india *looks at netflix* no apple one is 200 INR a month afair what do you mean? I'm right here :KEKWhands: anyways, best apple subscription is the student plan that gives music and apple tv+ for 50 INR a month I am just confused since I have been pretty active I count that as active but the 300 for netflix only gives mobile access I can't watch movies and shows on a tiny screen also paying 300 for tatasky binge plus gives access to a lot of apps tho I personally only use disney+ and prime video so perhaps it'd be better for me if I buy them separately Do you think I buy these subscriptions when I have no source of income? :raifepain: fshbvrsbfdkr I just convince my parents to buy them for me yeshhhh ooh that's early I AM ALREADY IN THE VC WHATCHU MEAN anytime 💖 This is outrageous Netflix more expensive than apple lol but hey at least they kept their subs decently priced unlike netflix who just converted dollar to rupee iphones suck so do mac pro only decent products are macbooks, apple watches and ipads everything else is nonsense yeah, but only the 4000$ one iMac is only cool if you have the money to waste and are running tight on space or power outlets yikes remember the 700$ wheels? :kek: get those features for a fifth of the price by custom building your PC ngl, just pay someone with knowledge a 100 bucks and they'd be happy to help build your dream 10k$ PC lmao wefhifsb that's like complete opposite big sister -> little brother :KEKWhands: Throwback to "lone chad stan" :kek: Did y'all watch the 4400? Oof random fact: my fav prof who left the university for reason unknown would be presenting at a conference organized by my university right before me 🙂 sadly, the conference is online so it's not like she's gonna see me or anything you're late to the convo :KEKWhands: look #🍿movie-night-chat it's mostly dead these days anyway lmao 🥲 you know I'm always a ping away now imma watch the 4400 w/o you too oo you workout nice also I am surprised that you are up so late it's rare to see you online after 5am 6am for me 🙂 okay, good night! I'll maybe work on my presentation ig there's like 4 google offices in India oof so wikipedia also mentions it as a state instead of a country :MunchlaxMunch: google maps is that diplomatic child who does not want to upset their moms or aunts India having issues with all the borders that do not touch the ocean :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: also nepal I don't think there's any dispute with nepal yet true also my grandma did that lmao It sucks when you live far away from your grandparents and your dad misses them so much that he would rather take us to our hometown than any tourist place :MunchlaxMunch: but for better or worse, it's not at least you get to visit different countries for me it's just 2 neighbouring(ish) cities I was only able to visit srinagar because my dad was getting reimbursed for flight tickets and kanyakumari because my grandma wanted to visit rameshwaram, puri and madurai so we were like - might as well visit kanyakumari although I was only 11 at the time and 13 when we visited srinagar OwO lol rameshwaram is boring there's literally just 2 temples and like you can see the spot where they built the bridge to lanka tho I did not see that place because I was sleepy madurai was beautiful kanyakumari was... interesting like the beach there had waves coming in from 3 directions which was pretty cool yes! :kek: also there's a huge vivekanand statue just chilling ngl murudeshwar's shiva statue is better than the vivekananda one and I am not saying just because it has an air conditioned cave the cave's artificial lol it's just beneath the statue and has a speaker that plays the origin story of that place and there's visuals to accompany the sound yes but not the boring kind https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs1q2l24pw4 because they are :Periodt: idk I didn't watch the video :KEKWhands: https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 https://tenor.com/view/girl-sure-jan-sarcastic-brady-bunch-gif-11590179 😒 I wonder what do the people living in those areas believe? Are they from country A or country B? or maybe nobody lives there @MaralinaSakura enlighten us when you wake up is that where bajrangi bhaijaan's girl lived? or is that sth different? as you can see, I am weak in geo nahh they said kashmir because there was a thing where they mistook switzerland for kashmir where she lives is a mystery imagine using paint's fill colour tool on that thing lmao she lives on the hills :KEKWhands: The power was munni all along shh let's call her munni like the majority of film this is why people use google maps :kek: reminds me of that impossible quiz you sent it looks 3d but sometimes that hurts legibility which the maps are actually made for like if wanna see the beauty of terrains I'd use google earth :MunchlaxMunch: Lu's pfp reminds me of the person we used to invite through instagram to invade our online classes no I was asking, what do the people in the disputed land believe they are from no, we were talking about the perforated boundaries where maps of 2 diff regions show different borders so I was asking what do the people in perforated boundary area believe they are from you're cool dw this question was in context to a video layhurs posted this one lol no, it was because the convo was really old like hours ago but what about nationality and passport and other tingz lmao it's great when you don't have to wait because someone generously remembered your order I wish that were the case with me but alas then again, I don't eat outside often anyway sooooo mara did you watch the video :jebus: looks straight out of ATV ngl yessss me too kek was one of the first non-choices emote on spl1 because I was in this other server and I absolutely loved it It was children's day in India so makes sense :MunchlaxMunch: By going to both McDonald's and Domino's :heheadrian: And also arcade I'm just gonna try something, do not freak out testing out the events feature duh done it's a remake of Mrs. Doubtfire Evil Pri: Whatsapp is better than discord 💀 I mean, I have a weird schedule. Sometimes I'll sleep too early, sometimes wayyy too late Evil Pri: AI will take over the world, AI evil hehe miss match My current homescreen and lockscreen is basically choices bg lmao Yes :kek: My email bg has the shadow realm from blades Pri 🤝 layhurs
Choices bg as wallpaper Yours look so chaotic lmao With all the icons Pretty :bestinshow: I have had mine since i first set up my phone i think My whatsapp bg Lmao this is awesome Thanks Aku! Done djsjsjsksk There's no alignment 🙂 I barely open apps from homescreen It's easier to pull the app drawer and look for the apps i want This thing A reason i did not buy a Xiaomi phone was because back in the day it did not have app drawer Prettttyyyyyy My life relies on app drawer because my homescreen is always chaod Chaos* Go make one for yourself too :kek: Yes, thanks to you :KEKWhands: Akuna matata Duh See what? Sorry i was restarting my phone Ohh :MunchlaxMunch: Looks so prettyy And the akuna matata is placed on the right spot too I think goa allowed 16yr olds to get learners license for scooty I still don't have a license :raifepain: Never needed one I don't understand the 1/2 age Like why include fractions Ik but why not just keep whole numbers :KEKWhands: Murica indeed :judgeyfroge: Lmao My uncle pasted stickers on his kb that had both English and Hindi lettering Perhaps you can find STH similar :raifepain: mobile can be tedious for long documents tbh otherwise the handwriting kb is the best Look how beautiful this id You type in Chinese? All the choices bg i chose are peaceful lol Dayum Layhurs: the polyglot Hehehe dayum mine are the regular ringtones too lazy to download choices soundtracks cool also is anyone watching the livestream? :pixelbartie: wtf is this whyyyyyy we need some choices themed animated emotes any suggestions? gimme the footage and I'll make aaaaaaaaaaaaa it's only like 3:30am mara tempting me to buy nitro with all these emotes :Dopeysad: I technically can use my prize money to get nitro but I also know that it'll spoil me and this month is really crucial for me academically staaaaahp showing me these animated emotes :KEKWhands: ooo this is cute I'm ace Iykwim me all the time now I wanna join you guys on snapchat too lmao just to see what stories show up as ads I just wonder if they track your messages to curate ads based on what you guys talk because that would be big yikes we never know :kek: you're currently at your uni campus? dayum I'll be going next month because ✨ offline exams ✨ rumour has it that our seniors made the deal with the devil, allowing offline cultural fest in exchange to offline exams I really don't care about fest especially if this was on the plate like no way I am picking offline exams for offline fest lmao and my hostel warden's a `*****` she is not allowing me to join before dec 6 luckily my campus is incredibly small so that's not the case with me :kek: because apparently I am a new admission case and would only be allowed when the first yr students join that would be cool ngl would save a lot of time :kek: see, all the IITs and NITs are in jungles so I am not surprised lol I remember going to NIT Goa it didn't even have cellphone signals oo idk how my campus' wifi is but my seniors say it's shitty luckyyyyy I have practicals from 11 dec and I will reaching hostel on 6 dec is gonna be painful yeah a couple of times trust me it's worse than schools and it's supposed to be a university you say as if you've been there :MunchlaxMunch: okay okay that message came later than I typed :kek: well my uni is all girls so there's no boys hostel oh man I miss squat toilets only thing I am looking forward to in hostel I hate these western ones ehh no bidet's fine for me as long as I don't have to sit my current house doesn't have bidet but there's a shower thingy so it's fine like a hand shower my previous house had bidet for me the transition from squat to western was hard but there's more to it it'd be TMI for this chat tho that's only when you have loose motions that's the only time I can forgive western toilets that's because they aren't used to it which is one of the reasons WC suck they have no lower body strength but squat ones are contact free except for the mug at least you can thoroughly wash your hands with soap so it becomes technically contact less true :kek: whenever someone talks about tissue paper the first thing that comes to my mind is the analogy someone gave they said, take a corn cob and dip it in peanut butter now, wipe the peanut butter with toilet paper do the activity again but wash it with water this time which one feels cleaner I think you got the analogy lmao but the thing is, the plates analogy doesn't sound so bad peanut butter literally looks and feels like poop OMG YESSSSS as usual, not sleeping at night 💀 b-but I need to finalize my paper by tomorrow morning What's a work happy hour? Murica tingz Left to right (ignore the Indian barbie)

Lawful good (singham), neutral good (sooryavanshi), chaotic good (simmba) Also watching movie at a theatre after 2 years She was actually given that title by mattel And ye that's katrina The movie was underwhelming tbh Comedy was mostly cringe The entire trio coming at the end to save the day was only good because of the nostalgic feeling Ohh they over did that in the movie To the point it feels annoying And as my brother said Sooryanshi: *slips*
Bgm: sooooryavanshiiiiii H e a v e n Legit Felt like that And there was a song We'll remake Of tip tip barsa And it was so freaking cringe Come to Bangalore we can share :kek: I have had too much Maharashtra vibes after today's movie lmao So many marathi phrases But there are no subtitles I mean the ott version will def have subtitles but the theatrical one didn't have any This one's more religion focused I don't remember anymore :KEKWhands: All the best layhurs Get ready to watch a man in his 50s do sexy rain dance I see you both are enjoying it :MunchlaxMunch: Fjdjsmskxj It's not wedding if it's raining Yknow There's an old saying If you lick cream from the emptied milk vessel, it'll rain on your wedding day Also it's my third time at mcd this month rip I guess I'm a regular now :kek: Anniversary gift lol ye it's always dudes impressing dudettes for some reason omg I love doodlejumps I'm stealing that wait really I have forgetten ES lmao my first emote in this server. I am so proud of me lol yassss although gaiboo was purely unintentional I just wanted to give mara a surprise ngl I wanna do something like that again sometime but with more preparation than just manual filename changes idk tbh lemme open reddit mara's post made it more believable tbh :kek: it's still a mixed bag some think it's an edit others genuinely believe it's a glitch Discord protecting me from impulse buying :KEKWhands: Upon a bit of digging, it looks like the regional store is down??? And it doesn't wanna show me prices in usd so it just shows me poop instead Hehehehe finally Those holidays are for people like me :raifepain: Ipad + apple pencil Also dayum the iPad is such a fingerprint magnet Cherish these holidays, you'll miss them when you'll have to give mid sems of 5 subjects from Monday to friday I haven't experienced it, but I have also heard of multiple exams in a single day Just me and my friend questioning our sexuality Nbd :dance_CatVibe: MARAAAAA why is our banner suju OHHHH DOES THAT MEAN I GET OLIVIA? imma just quickly figure out my account settings and then sleep whoa my galaxy is back automatically nice ~~and olivia~~ yeeeee I love that thankyouuu AAAAAAA THIS IS SO COOOOOOL I feel like a kid on christmas morning aku and layhurs are gonna have a field day tomorrow lol because we have best part about nitro is me having blinking uwu I thought you slept Thanks! Oh right albedo :smugalbedo: :huh: Wut Yeah that's the only albedo I know lol It really does :elmofire: lol ooh it's hard to find homemade remedies that work Wow that was a lot of tea today lmao Ifyou want I can contribute to how each choices fandom is a mess lmao Trueeee I don't really go to ig fandom these days but the time I did, there used to be new drama every single day All happening through posts and stories There was a time where someone said a racist slur to a muslim, and that time where a dude was threatening some account which then turned out to be his alt Oh and that was also the time mlf had dramas due to posting spoilers Dndkskeoei the gaiboo thing, they really believe it's a bug lmao Tue heck is that Colt looks like a kdrama protagonist Too much plastic surgery lmao It's her autocorrect :Periodt: Too many to count Ayy same brain drew Maybe she did :smart: This reminds me I need to expand my research paper :aaaaaaaaaCry: Dkskskslalsl This is my first one and the publisher betrayed me by first saying 8-12 pages are cool and when I submitted 10 pages, they were nuuuuu we need atleast 12 I was looking at the SR channel and someone mentioned the reddit server there and now all I can think of is the time metta, voltra, firework joined and the trr channel got so active that all the mods muted the channel and hoped for the best Well Technically it used to be owned by someone who is not on reddit Yeah that one The one with 800+ members UNCLEAN. UNCLEAN Wikia server feels like jail Exacrly I used to be in 11 choices servers at one point and boy do I have all the deets from back in the day lmao Everyday used to be :MunchlaxMunch: :raifepain: :GetSomeHelp: :dogekek: Oop But that's not on the menu I what? When? Also off topic, but the app looks really good on ipad Like it's sooo huge Same. 🙌 But it's my mom's iPad so I'll have to leave it when I leave for uni That's the plan I want her to play tuh Earlier she had the excuse for tiny text but not anymore Fjdjsksksk Oh my mom has watched enough movies and shows to get past that lmao @MaralinaSakura Imma go to her feed and choose 5 random posts and play this I am STH STH about her computer :kek: Ewww what Y'all No emoji Bingo so far You should include the "I should be sleeping/before I sleep" That was fairly often `@alraf__aveiro__` The typos are sending me Chastin made some typos Notably te and addiitonal :KEKWhands: priy being a bitch moment: leaves the community she was ~~doing unpaid work~~ volunteering at without any notice or apparent reason well, if I wanted to reply, I would have done that before leaving the community :bruhkitty: it's not even volunteering opportunity tbh. Just unpaid labour she's like those bollywood actresses who never has more than 2 expressions :raifepain: no, neutral and extra neutral yup that exact face there was this meme that a wooden table has more expressions than a certain actress :doge_true: what server is that from lmao ohhh that kpop one I am not in any suju server so I don't have it :kyuok: ayyy the things I do oh boy they're too welcoming for a server I found through server discovery lol I told them it's kyunhun and later realized it's kyuhyun :KEKWhands: epic facepalm moment although it's not false since I love the dreaming song why are we calling 911 again? wait, why do I need 911 also, I now have almost all of mara's fav emotes that server pinged mara when I said she introduced me to suju lol very gutsy move yeah my actual pfp is pikachu spl one is UwU suju one is kyuhyun best part is they are all animated Help i am losing all my remaining brain cells no, it's for anyone who didn't have nitro in the last 2 weeks they basically are looking for people who aren't currently subscribed also there's 2 months of xbox game pass ultimate if you get nitro now game pass ultimate also includes the EA game pass that let's you play all the fifa games and sims 4 I think there's also among us and yakuza series oh mara you should play the yakuza series it's pretty fun oop I think there's a specific order where the plot actually makes sense ahh makes sense my brother was obsessed with the series he played like all the games except the sixth one I think that reminds me my interview has been scheduled to 6th of dec :haewelp: and I am supposed to complete the formalities of joining hostel that day if y'all need these as role icons, boost the server 🙈 watching an indian movie with brit characters and they are saying "mate" a lot :KEKWhands: Me: draws dopey cat
Mom: ooh nice squirrel :haewelp: Ramji londonwaley ahh reminds me how much I wanted covaxin but the centre was like - uhh we're running short of them so we'll only be using it for second doses and covishield was hell a week long hell second dose was better but I still couldn't lift my hand for 2 days at least it was a single dose without the booster :KEKWhands: idk if we'll be doing boosters over here but if they do, I'll wait till I get back home before I get mine ooh good luck! My family is spoiling me before I leave lol, had pizza yesterday and burger today japanese sounds fun. the only treat I got for getting vaccinated was tender coconut water :KEKWhands: y'all get feasted for getting vaccinated, I get feasted for finally leaving the house not fair ohufhg that emote is a mood y'all talking per year right? :raifepain: I AM NEVER COMING TO THE US I currently live in a 2bhk apartment and the rent is 24k a month (roughly 340 dollars) my dad's boss lives next door and pays 40k a month for 3BHK semi-furnished (roughly 580$) we tried a lot that the boss doesn't move here but alas his wife loved this place so much my dad even showed him cheaper places but they were like, your apartment is sooo cool we have nicknamed him so that he doesn't know we're talking about him in case he hears anything would have been really awk if he did lol what's a Gregg lmao sounds like my 6th grade hindi teacher the more I talk to you guys the more I start hating US lmao I still remember the debate I had with someone over how "good" America is compared to India I mean, the media does that for you guys so you don't have to :KEKWhands: it's totally a matter of preferences imo but someone outright saying India is stereotypical and bad because people are dumb and superstitious etc? I am like and what about the karens? :KEKWhands: tfw you find America has those indian aunty type people call karens I'd love to show you guys the entire debate I had but I am too tired to translate and it was mostly in hindi it was pretty fun to see the dude speechless Everyone who says America is god tier while India is shit in front me gets to hear my speech about how each country has their pros and cons and America isn't all sunshine and rainbows as you might think :KEKWhands: exactly I am like dude, criticise my country all you want but don't you dare call it shit without actually giving proper reasons yaassss idk I just get a lot touchy these days when someone says "I wish I could permanently settle in the states, it's so much better than India, this country is so backwards yada yada" true that's a really nice way to put it. I totally agree true idk how true it is in the states, but in India, this shit is true right from the beginning when you are compared with your cousins or siblings and then it continues to education, job, marriage, kids and the cycle continues I believe that only the constructive part of culture needs to be carried down the generations leaving behind all the destructive part I feel you I remember watching that one video about student debt in USA and I really feel bad about y'all having to deal with that shit it's such a toxic mentality this mentality is why ragging still exists in India despite us signing anti-ragging undertakings every year yeah although it is being reduced year by year but it still exists in some uni and it's horrible for me ragging was just guilt-tripping me that I took the wrong major sororities and fraternities sound so cliquey ngl we only have communities and societies here true fjnvejfngvkrfg here, it's either teacher's kids or music/dance students we don;t have cheerleaders and jocks here are only popular among beauty without brains girls oh and student council members are also popular but almost all of them are somehow related to teachers so that falls under the first category anyway aww I mean, you're not wrong mine was "good student. keep it up" I think? indeed all my classmates who fell under the "pleasure to have in class" took a gap year and are nowhere to be found now, including me :dead: tfw when you don't use twitter 💀 I do have an account from when I was 13 I just don't use it dayum I feel like me and my classmates would also have a lot to share on that regard. Maybe I should make a thread about KVConfessionals (KV was the school chain where I studied) I think so? also the cold war :kek: ohhh truly :SadPeepo: also I am now watching what youtube has to say about my school and... just gonna say it brought back war flashbacks omg this video is so good "jab naya uniform aaya, logo ka bharosa hi uth gaya, congress pe se, to unhone modi ko chuna" khichdi is good but yeah it's gonna hurt when you'll try to open your mouth ooh that's nice although you gotta eat khichdi to get something solid in your tummy aww strange but okay :teukcute: I think there's only one here's binx here's kyuhyun UwU ok so I uhh looked up my high school on yt and found my 10th grade english teacher nice oh wow they painted the building white ewww why because it's a central school and sometimes they are asked to upload videos on yt to show that certain activities took place although most of the videos are unlisted this one by chance was public someone created a subreddit I- it's basically dead but still it's the idea that counts yt is so shameless nowadays lmao :MunchlaxMunch: I was just watching some bollywood tingz lol @Arzaylea I can stream Happy Bhaag Jayegi (rom-com, well, mostly comedy) if you want tho I won't be able to speak dayum the highest rated bollywood movie on imdb is 3 idiots ehhh no it's a story about 3 college mates struggling through engineering Lu knows this one it is wholesome, funny and depressing at the same time pretty much sums up engineering in India lemme see if I can find subtitles then we can stream 3 idiots found it @Arzaylea @Metta wanna watch? ahh it's ok I'll drop the link in #🎥media-not-related-to-choices what's with bollywood movies made about indian engg education system having the highest ratings :youok: 3 idiots was god tier while I find this one to be meh imdb ratings are beyond my understanding https://factordaily.com/growing-with-tech/discord-the-new-hangout-zone-for-indian-teens/

I'd say discord helped me be sane during my gap year and helped me find friends who aren't just talking to me for benefits It's just so wholesome to read Like dayum about time None of the low tier cities are actually low tier Like sure they aren't metropolitan but don't call them low tier lmao Bhubaneshwar is the fucking capital of Orissa lmao. How is it low tier? Exactly I'd consider low tier to be cities I have never heard of Hmm true It just felt like they throwed in a bunch of names to create a contrasting effect Thinking that the post would only be read by foreigners :kek: For me, it was sonipat Like have you even been there? It's anything but low tier lmao I know most of the cities they mentioned and none of them are low tier Also kochi? Bruhhhhh kochi and Thiruvananthapuram are the biggest cities in kerala The only ones I haven't heard of are - hathras and guntur It was super effective I can't find my Spotify wrapped 🥲 Ooh lemme see Updating the app rn, should work after that I guess Although I share it with my mom so it's not gonna be that accurate Oof Also, when I said I share Spotify with my mom, this is what I meant 4 of those artists are from my mom :raifepain: that's the only one that came from me I am wheezing at this I was 90% sure you were kidding lmao :KEKWhands: At least I managed to have the top spot lmao Oh dayum Wdym my phone's at 50% Agreed Like their life choices and social media presence can be iffy but when they are on stage, oh boy nobody can match them NGL I am waiting for their next tour just to see them sing live Well I can't watch them *live* live , because India, but I find their concert videos better than studio recorded ones The only concert they did in India was the global citizen one Which apparently was also free But I didn't like/hear of them at that time nor was I in mumbai where the concert was organized Lol mine would have been the same too had I not shared the account with my mom I feel like mara would surely do that Just to prove me wrong :kek: She did say that a couple months ago Ok ignore the names but I want someone who says this to me This one's pretty accurate :KEKH: Me who isn't worried even when the phone is at 1%: Sure Dw, yt videos are bad, i can never understand concepts from them lol Y'all only have the convex and concave mirror and lens at different distances right? Or is there anything else I am missing Cool Give me like 10 mins and then we can start Image formation as in? :huh: Real, inverted that sort of thing? Oh okay cool I know kyuhyun fans are called bakers Gamers? But the sujucord members called me baker :Abooz: I'll add it when I turn on my laptop :adminabooz: :textModAbuse: :modabuse: :staffpls: lemme spam it in #🤖bots-and-pets-uwu mara saying this being an admin herself good question :JoJoThink: :fire: I still think mara looks like an anime girl Big eyes long black hair I imagine you to look like your bitmoji :kek: hehehehe it's always rick roll time :kek: jokes on you even spotify said that this is my most played song :rickRollHug: :MunchlaxMunch: much better than the ones I watched in theatre these past 2 weeks tbh dhamaka? you and I have such different tastes lmao The buildup in that movie was nice but the climax ruined it for me madaari is much better in that regard I used to have it's CD but haven't watched it Oh my god. What a throwback Pitch in time for a suspense thriller movie stream Will be bollywood but trust me y'all won't be disappointed Tis a secret No But it recently got a spinoff The spinoff's pretty good too although I don't think I can stream it I am not talking about sooryavanshi That is not a suspense thriller sjsjskks Your oh dear made it seem otherwise :judgeyfroge: Fair enough :kek: But this one's pretty cool Bunty aur Babli 2 was bad tho Like thank god I didn't go to a theatre for this bad Yeah like 2 days ago The ending was surprising The climax was the only thing I liked Otherwise it was a cringefest LMAO Yeag And acted as if Saif was always bunty Yeah No :kek: The timeline didn't make sense to me actuallt They say bunty and babli were active in 2005 (which is when the first movie released) We know that babli had a kid by the end of movie Let's say the kid was born in 2006 This movie says it's 2021 That means the kid should be around 15 yrs old But the kid barely looks 10 Actually wait, I think they mentioned the kid being 10 :WTFthonk: Wasnt it like a year later? The kid happened before the timeskip Don't :kek: The trailer felt so promising but the movie was bleh "oh the one with tattoos" It's for the other people who will read the chat Yeah the entire movie made you believe abhishek as bunty is just a mandela effect The first movie >>>>>> second movie by all regards :kek: Ok now go and watch the trailer for Bob biswas Maybe :worrysip: Fidnsksksk Just watch the trailer that should be enough for now *some minor character* smh Omg yassss then you can watch it when I stream And do not go through the wikipedia page before There's huge spoilers At least now you know the movie I was referring to You may watch the trailer of you want But nothing apart from that So are you excited for movie time...? That's what I was asking originally :KEKWhands: I'll be waiting :P Wrong reply but it's the message right above this one Abhishek Bachchan on the freaking thumbnail should have given you a hint lmao uh huh I'd say if you liked kahaani you'll love this one too mine are postponed to 30th it's India I mean we do have christians and celebrate christian holidays but those are only applicable on 25th and 31st lol yea new years yea I got that because I understood the emotion dw we all have that from time to time aww 😂 India is brutal by keeping board exams right before or after holi like sometimes the colour from the celebrations hasn't worn off and you have to go give exams whose marks will be seen by everyone because it'll be your alternative to birth certificate it's kind of fair tho tbh considering the amount of religions this country has we can't have long holidays for christmas, diwali and ramzan right it's mainly because of the diversity like each religion on it's own doesn't have too many holidays but combined? that's a different story since the holidays barely overlap yeah wait lemme share our holiday calendar LMAO https://www.fabhotels.com/blog/indian-holiday-calendar/ it basically means public but not for frontline workers I think like hospitals still work as usual but schools and banks are closed that thing works for restricted holidays here like those are up to the organization but schools do have summer and winter break and most schools don't operate on any restricted holiday so kids keep getting mini vacations throughout the year or at least long weekends ughhh I miss vacations in general I remember watching my school chain's vacation calendar and they had different schedule for different locations but the grand total was always 71 days so north India would have 41 (summer) + 20 (winter) + 10 (autumn)
south India would have 51 (summer) + 10 (winter) + 10 (autumn)
hilly areas would have either 51 (winter) + 20 (summer) or entire 71 days for winter vacation those 40/50 day vacations are something we'll always cherish tyvm lol although since almost everyone studying in these schools have their parents in transferrable job, these vacations are spent in our hometown at our grandparents place lol Dayum you guys finally added an extra dimension 2d is so last century Me at 7am This is my morning brushing time I cannot have dinner this late Chill. There's still 11% left :kek: I still have 2 hours of juice left Also another notif on my phone I thought it was Anandi and jagdish? Who the heck is this anand ~~if you get this reference, I can guarantee your mom loves indian soap operas~~ You could have done it yourself too lol Really? Oops No :huh: please elaborate does paypal work? sure but I won't be able to speak I am on my laptop yea could have been sooner if I could have found UPI option before or if paypal decided to cooperate for those of you curious - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qlpG4V8jdc this saved me from carrying cash How do you say no To your ex-prof I wish it was that easy :aaaaaaaaaCry: happy meal is basically the normal meal but with a toy I mean, just add a glass of coke and a toy and it's a happy meal and remove one burger The last time I had happy meal was in uhhhh 10th grade I think :booKek: Blursed emote At least it's not this: shitt I forgot to drink my coffee not that I mind a cup of cold coffee btw, all the best you two and my ex-prof gave me her paper so that I could make a 7 minute presentation for her. Like??? Idek what the paper is all about look metta! someone has the same creativity as you lmao https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op6JY1Eq5Fs help I rmb one time my exam timer stuck for some reason and I kept thinking I had well over an hour until I realized the timer isn't moving, by the time I got it fixed, I had only 22 minutes left dayum what is HTGAWN? ooh so that's where mara gets inspiration for her fics yeah and it'd be sth different too oh man it hurts so much, kyra and aurora should have been LIs aww. Horatio is very sweet tho, I can see why you liked him :kek: I do think the server will love a "wish they were LI" competition we'll have to decide how it'll work out. feel free to give suggestions on how should we do it my mind was like - take in all submissions (so every user can suggest multiple names) and then based on number of times a name has been suggested, pick top 16 and then do 1v1 polls until we get the winner that's up to y'all to decide lol 1v1 will be easier to keep track of imo I mean, even if they don't compete with each other in first round, they are bound to come up some time right. So maybe round 1 could be same gender 1v1 and then when we don't have many options we can mix them up but wouldn't that be too much? Idek how much participation we're gonna get. Maybe we should just stick with wish was an LI this time and we can do fav LIs or books some other time I don't think spoilerland had any event tbh the last event was naming contest that too in spl 1 when the server had like 30 people mara won that one I don't recall tbh but could be hmm true, don't want another 5 out of 30 participating lol That's a major reason why we barely have game/movie nights or events right :MunchlaxMunch: perhaps this weekend when do you have an off hmm we can do saturday like saturday evening for you should be sunday morning for me this one's your timezone right? okay cool :Laugh: https://www.theverge.com/2021/12/7/22822042/discord-premium-memberships-creators-monetize-servers-feature What the heck As if twitch, yt and patreon weren't enough 🙄 ✨ Spoilers are paywalled now ✨ But that would be *if* pb gets to know Definitely She'll take every opportunity to monetize her "edited by alraf_aveiro" posts Whatif mlf already has a discord server :JoJoThink: LMAO I'd rather y'all spend money on boosting the server instead of premium membership lol channel? no. Thread? mayyybeeee differential equations :monkaS: Why the hell would anyone watch a movie in a theatre at 5am in the morning You're not gonna find pani puri at 3-4 am The latest I have been to theatre is the 9pm-12am show I am waiting for the theatre to open prebookings for the spiderman movie. Gonna watch it in 4dx :EYESS: Tho I won't be watching it on opening night cuz exams Maybe next tuesdayish I know, I said saturday evening It isn't my final exam, just practicals. So I just need to complete my reports and projects finals don't start until the 30th also, I just wanna say, github copilot is crazy AI code completion tool you just write some code or a comment that specifies what you want and it'll try to read your mind it basically helped me write over 2000 lines of codes in less than 3 hours the essay: why do you need this scholarship?
me: because it'll look cool on my resume and I'll be able to continue boosting spoilerland and flexing emotes :shyduck: yassss on a serious note, I am writing that I want it to pursue game development since my uni doesn't teach it idk how good of a reason that is but I don't have anything better thanks! Probably those cheap generic items like drawing book and color pencils Idk, giving a 20 rs. Gift seemed very :haewelp: Why would you get parle g as gift? That's just :WutCraig: This is why I now celebrate my bday with just my family This is the only reason I am glad I am born in march, no way relatives join my bday I remember celebrating my brother's bday at my grandma's house with all the uncles, aunts and cousins Legit the only gift he got was "blessings" And the pendrive filled with his favourite + nostalgic stuff that I made I mean, we weren't expecting them to give anything to begin with Lol But it doesn't dance Do art commissions and use that money to get nitro 👀 And a paypal are you freaking kidding me? We can edit all of it on a per server basis? I think it's only for the 10 dollar nitro but still dmbdjshdebfd my mom is listening to spotify on our google nest mini and it is reflecting on my discord profile aaaaaaa tho the song she's listening to is a phat mood uhmm okay I should post these in a thread tbh Started a thread. finally cleaning up my servers I still need to reorder them but I am almost done with folders some of these are literally dead but idk why I don't wanna leave them in hopes that they'll revive someday I think the only server I use for emotes is the sujucord aaaand done 57 servers these are 56 + 1 private server that's on top folder names top to bottom

test server
My true loves
Fandoms
Choices!
Code Help
Open source Tingz
GDSCs
Python + DBM
Uni Servers
Tech communities
Edtech Communities
Some Indian Servers
Game Dev + Discord Official
Tech Servers
Misc. What is udder tho .ud udder :kek: ohhh lol àlso? :KEKF: my teachers are too serious to make/extend jokes :sedcat: suuuuure my teachers would never be that sarcastic lol but they'd def work on a sarcasm detector because teachers are god or whatever that shlok said you didn't but your teachers certainly did :youok: your teachers have instagram handles? I remember only the hot chemistry teacher who taught me science in 9th grade has a instagram account what do they even play? tetris? or *insert any other match-3 puzzle* you sure they're teachers and not students right? you sure are a lot more boring as compared to your teachers :kek: the only dating advice our teachers gave: "if I ever found any of you dating, you are so gonna get expelled from school" looool I have actually walked in the other direction after seeing my teachers outside school but with my family one time I exchanged seats with my mother at a diwali party to avoid making contact with my science teacher who was sitting nearby oh did I tell you my mom was a teacher when I was in 10th grade? but she wasn't in the same school so it was gucci :kek: :sed_lyf: :MunchlaxMunch: it's not even midnight meanwhile it's the opposite here lol Mcaloo tikki is 42 inr. I know that because my mom had it on saturday Cheapest Domino's Pizza is the tomato one that's like 61 inr Dayum *screams in PC and console market being shit* get those zzzs while you can! a glimpse no, it was 54-55 ish last year, I know because someone was trying to convince me to join NUS could be pre-covid rates? lol speaking of which alexa play explaining covid to my past self the entire series was hilarious I use that for rough calculations but if it's sth like 100 usd or sth I multiply by 74 oh dayum yeah tfw USD getting close to Euros Barbers here are cheap, men salons aren't exactly! :kek: aaaa I remember I used to wear a flower on my head to school from 1st to 3rd grade 5 INR per day I was a goody two shoes so I never did that lol depends which part of India you're talking about tbh I did my elementary from chennai, high school from goa and then secondary (11th and 12th grade) from Delhi all in the same city? ohh gotcha for me it was like
1. Preschool
2. KG
3. 1-5
4. 6-10
5. 11-12 So 5 different schools wait no, I did preschool from 2 different places so 6 more like temporary relocation dayum @Akuna Matata warning, if you join college, you'll get crackhead professors who'll do what they want despite saying it's practically not possible my electronics prof is adamant on taking our viva tomorrow even though we have said multiple times that we have DS viva during that time WHY CAN'T HE FOLLOW THE FRICKING SCHEDULE HIS VIVA IS SCHEDULED ON 17TH He wants to get over with our practicals so that he could focus on *his* exams also somebody please tell him, it's then. Not dan idk, he said he has some exams coming up oral exams...? idk tbh it's from r/apple server the fact that it came from an ethan romancer is funny ok that should be enough I think Tfw the recs are accurate without feeding any data 🥲 don't give bel any ideas lol I don't think we had the final poll did we? Shoot we need to get on it asap lol There's gonna be showdown. The quarter final (idk if that's correct tbh) polls should be up shortly well, it's today in my timezone Happy birthday Adam! :BooParty: It's only like 10 hours early for you I think and I didn't wanna forget like I forgot my best friend's birthday :Sadge: So 10 hours 16 minutes. I was pretty close 😂 ohh interesting that's because it is supposed to be anon. dw, if the live vote count increases, that means your vote is counted you can also click on the ❔ to verify if your vote is cast I am more surprised that Beau didn't make it to quarter finals btw should I ping everyone in announcements to participate in the polls or would that be too annoying hmm true I'll let it be because sonia did get a teensy LI treatment the heck is that emote lu, I love you but it's too much work :PepeCry: it's larger than 256kb :KEKWhands: thanks metta and fae god I had to look at your intro to know who you are I was confused for a moment tbh and then I read the intro and it made sense I am bad at puns tbh so I cannot come up with any :aaaaaaaaaCry: lol I really want hoodies but everyone switched to tshirts this year I want to but my family would only go to the hindi dubbed screening in at least 3d and my current city doesn't have any shows my previous city does but it's across the country I wish I had friends I could go with for the english screening lol and I don't have an iphone to know that :KEKWhands: whoa does it work with ipad? because I lowkey wanna try it now :kek: is starboard down? oop nvm it's just drunk but I don't have anyone to send this to :FeelsSadMan: isn't it over internet? Oh shoot I missed mara's come back Carter is doing great for being the only male contestant in this contest lol It's enemies to ~~lovers~~ friends and cinnamon rolls this time the finale is gonna be :MunchlaxMunch: I actually have no clue who's gonna win since they are all so popular for both the polls wow I didn't know it's that cold outside rn lol ouch. how come no one is voting for sienna lol it should have I have not disabled the votes for anyone it just doesn't show up in reacts because the poll is anon quick way to check is ❔ congrats aaron! :BooParty: which is why I prefer discord :kek: nice one He's Perry!!! Perry the Villa owner same :sadge: btw I need some suggestions for my uni server should it be 
Categories: UG, PG, PhD
Channels: freshman, sophomore... etc.
Threads inside those channels: All different majors

or

Categories: UG, PG, PhD
Channels: Majors
Threads inside those channels: freshman, sophomore etc. or something different than these two hmm true ok imma do that and see how it turns out the old server had a lot of channels which is why I am trying to reduce them by using threads I created threads for all 50+ clubs it looks better than the old server tho :KEKWhands: we do? I did the UG section and honestly it looks awesome thanks Drew! a 4? I thought he was a -1 ping her to certain your timeout :MunchlaxMunch: why do I not have that option :pepe_cry: oh god some people are singing so loudly IT'S 2:30am noice but somebody please stop these single men singing at 2:30am it's sooo loud I didn't know humans can scream this loudly > Also known as the “yo dude stop you’re being really weird.” button.
Ayy I finally got the timeout update ayy that's me this reminds me yesterday I dreamt of meeting firework and layhurs irl and even invited layhurs at my house for tea @FraternalGemini you free rn? Whoops See if you can help with this ques :JoJoThink: Thanks tho, idk if it's correct or not but my friend has marked d Grofers is also doing something similar. They gave us chocolate complan for free lol not really, when they say upto Rs. x, that just means you're most likely getting something that costs a tenth of the upper limit :KEKWhands: ***up to*** is the key phrase here man I remember paytm doing that saying you are eligible for a cashback of upto Rs. 5000 and then giving me Rs. 5 more like virtual currency that can only be spent on that particular app depends on where you get them from and how much in terms of quantity :Periodt: true ahhh I miss dhabas lol Exactly! I used swiggy a lot when we were new in this city and lived in a hotel in delhi, you get 3 paranthas for rs. 20 and they are heavenly I don't get how they are able to make profits tbh Things I wanna eat as soon as I can
1. Idiyappam
2. Dark Chocolate
3. Mac and cheese
4. Momos 26-Dec-21 09:15 PM what do you guys see in the above message niiiiice this is better than saying "we can do this at xx time yy timezone that is because I sent 9:15 :GrumpyCatto: this one? Whoa ultra dark mode only possible on mobile, go to user settings -> appearance and press dark mode 9 times to get ultra dark mode it kinda reminds me of twitter dark mode for some reason :UmiYay: :MunchlaxMunch: so I launched the uni server today and someone decided to boost the server :KEKWhands: and I am like - I AM NOT EVEN DONE FULLY SETTING IT UP BRUH :concernedStare: I don't think I'll be able to continue boosting after 24 jan anyway so you can stop then what's that? ,img bellow velvets oh I haven't read qb lol look, it's not my kind of book. very cliquey :scared: :disappointed_uncle: aku be like: animated emojis being paywalled isn't gonna stop meeeeeeee because, why not pompular youtuber tingz worst woman? :kek: I mean he has a youtube channel on his name, might as well name a whole discord server too :kek: shhh let me live in the moment yassss :KEKH: :adminabooz: reason: pissing off mara, the server owner :kek: aaaa that is more appropriate I'll reopen the spl1 mod forms to see how crazy you can get with it, although it is worth mentioning that this time, no mod will be selected from it :kek: hun, mera khud ka nitro 24 jan ko jaa rha h, m to khud chahti hu koi nitro dede :sadge: will do that after everyone submits so that they don't get any ideas :KEKF: pehle college exams m to pass ho jau :KEKWhands: It was zak's idea I merely agreed with him :yesmam: ye priarchy h yaha mera raaj chalega. and priarchy says hinglish > english or is it? :trueTrue: mara was barely active before she became a mod here I am pretty sure she wasn't even a "orange role" level which during those days was called "fan" newbie, fan, super fan, ultra fan https://forms.gle/whcxFXxH2TdtuJQB7 go wild we were running out on applications, that's why :haewelp: lol take your time tbf the dad dude would have been our last resort but pretty much yea this dude joined 2 days before the mod applications were out and i oop uhhh that depends if the dude was actually a dilf because he felt more like a troll if he was, we would have chosen him no mods are being appointed, it's just for fun feel free to give troll submission but again, mara got in with a troll submission so you never know 👀 from troll submission to server owner Q: Why did you join the server?
A: June 10, 2020

I- we do? :haewelp: GMT +5:30 btw Why does this feel like a dejavu WHY IS THIS ENTIRE CONVO FEELING LIKE IT HAS HAPPENED BEFOREEEE I'M DYING the cookies, fries, mara is the best No guys it's ||saralina makura|| duh ayyy same brain aku how do you spend more time in spl than the entirety of discord yes do you want me to post your responses here? :MunchlaxMunch: y'know the question asked why did you join the server and not why do you want to join mod team right? RIGHT? She can still do all of that and you won't get cool role icon :KEKWhands: that's actually a valid response I quite literally ***made*** spoilerland 1.0 and founders don't need applications :ThugPup: exactly! thrice because I temporarily left when mara killed olivia no, I was like I'm back, make me an admin but not really I wanted the power without the responsibility and also a pink role y'know we should actually do that :kek: This is pretty much the server these days :KEKWhands: :worry: because you are teasable https://tenor.com/view/sure-jan-brady-bunch-marsha-gif-3871550 :haewelp: SAVAGEEEEE since this one's confidential I am not posting it :MunchlaxMunch: whoa y'all should practice self-love geez AMEN :SadCat: I am disappointed layhurs suuuuuuureeeee way to make me google the exact timezone :haewelp: IKR! I was genuinely surprised with some of those responses ngl aku responded better than most of the previous responses WHY ARE THE TROLL SUBMISSIONS SO GOOOD AAAAA so? did we cure your boredom or are you still bored? :scared: :KEKWhands: the fact that mara also mentioned money along with offspring and one other thing I have actually mentioned this in one of my scholarship applications "I am a mod of 100+ member server" wait why is my name french? I what? ahhh the fact I did not even notice that layharchy? :GetSomeHelp: MARA SPONSOR HIM oh that's actually a valid point. back when this application was released, there was no channel and political and religious convos were straight up banned I like how none of you avoided the question and straight up went up for self hate let it go not so much education channel yea that has actually happened in the previous server you'd be surprised at how many such people actually exist in this server NO! but I am actually waiting for that day :MunchlaxMunch: Hi layhurs! you dare think I'll actually tell mara the shampoo one the beer shampoo What vibes do I give off? 👀 :peepoLeave: tho my parents also think that way so... :9691shrug: stern but at times surprisingly fun also your accent is very posh Storytime? me, who knows nothing about fb or insta: :haewelp: Mara, I didn't know you wanted to be demoted to being a mod :MunchlaxMunch: TNA really gave the best emotes that's the only benefit of that series The nice astronaut...? esfnweibf MARA DMs NOT HER DM, MINE also, guys this is supposed to be for fun only (saying this because I found a genuine response) Okay does anyone want me to share their responses? cause there are quite a few now ok I'll start with fae what if the username is also sussy? :MunchlaxMunch: but for that she'll have fill the form It's metta not carter nfirsjkfnskb or if the server gets to 500+ members :well: right fair enough :SadCat: I don't get the reference so owa owa back atcha..? Yeah because we believe in priarchy right? RIGHT? Thankyou drew it's per week not per day DREWW you don't get 100k+ XP by being this active how tiny are we talking? I am hurt Okay this calls for a storytime among us vibes no, I wanna know how having a crush led to joining a server :nyoo: more like +guts :haewelp: yooo I wanna attend a british wedding too also I wanna see mara IRL because I am tired imagining her to look like an anime girl I AM FRICKING INDIAN I DO NOT KNOW WHAT AMERICANISMS YOU TALKING ABOUT DAMN THESE AMERICANS INFLUENCING ME hamburgers so someone from the cali squad I'll have to marry for that to happen which is so not happening lmao I do wanna have a partner but marriage is a commitment I don't wanna get into I can actually use some cuddles rn :SadCat: YOOOOO!!! ~~but my house is really far away from airport dfnisrnf~~ from troll mod applications to normalise normalisation look how far we have come you can always look at them in the morning lol if I do, that is hard same but I know I will end up divorcing anyway so why even bother marrying you can just pull a "kapil bansal" and sequentially reply to every message 10 hours later Indian wedding gifts are more like "they gave a gift worth x in our house's wedding so we'll give a gift that is worth x or x+1 no, I meant like spending just a teeny bit more to show that they are more rich or superior it's toxic lu you should keep your devices aside and let the meds take effect lol my friend did that once fair enough my friend: let's watch flop show
also my friend: zzzzzz (towards the end of ep 1) someone I knew used to do that all the time sleeping in VCs did you sleep with your mic on? it's called being unique not weird we are all unique but unique sounds nicer :KEKWhands: that too reminds me of taare zameen par which we all should totally watch so who pinged mara? :pingRage: omg remember when we had CRJ fan and CRJ stan roles oh :kek: to think both the CRJ role holders are mods now agreed yassssss go mara! I never made spotify playlist tbh I just ❤️ the songs I like 🙂 my recent liked songs tu kon h na dar na fikar h m chal du le chal tu jaha I know all frozen songs but the hindi versions choices OST is on spotify? well it's fanaa ho and sung by sunidhi chauhan :dogeheart: sunidhi is the only bollywood singer I stan ooh nice you would be surprised how popular he was in my middle school :wut: alexa play let it go hindi sunidhi chauhan idk the quality of this one but ehh alexa play anjaan jahaan nakul abhyankar I don't blame you lmao it's been so many years since I watched it all I remember is kajol being blind and then chanda chamke cham cham I don't watch cable TV since 11th grade lmao this is better than the sunidhi version and I will die on this hill wow we need something for mumbai local trains now lmao I have only travelled in a mumbai local once it was christmas and sunday and morning 7am so basically empty and here I thought you'll listen to sunidhi who wants to watch a 4 min strip tease (not NSFW) it's not strip tease but I like to call it that alexa play kamli you'll know why once you watch the video also a great song by sunidhi maybe it was 👀 bollywood loves copying context: she is auditioning to join a circus pretty solid 4 minutes of stripping and I guess I killed the chat lol whoops which means I can resume spamming mod responses tbf we are all punching bags at this point lmao how precise what's the fun in that lmao people who responded yes, tell me what is rule no. 3 ihbnsirfneudgbv you just went into #🛑rules-to-follow to check that didn't you the RIGHT NOW is scary did you? or did you copy paste I thought you were writing an essay ooo :haewelp: how productive :kek: ofc we believe in priarchy! maratatorship who? the fact that you will not talk to me about ***my*** friend back in spl1 when this application was released, I was the only one managing stuff taking help from zak here and there which is why all the pri centric questions wait really? I- I am half certain it's drew because punching bag :nyoo: I have been trying to get her to play choices but to no avail well you are pretty successful in that regard lmao why do I feel you're not sarcastic here :MunchlaxMunch: +both people being banned 2020 pri would have played detectivebut 2021/22 pri will also do that tbh maratatorship doesn't exist it's priarchy now you won't dare take down priarchy would you :PleadingHappy: MARA LOOK IDEA FOR YOUR NEXT BEST SELLER omg I legit did an evil laugh IRL rn :BlushingThugCatto: I'd do that if I could ngl blame PB for making so many tna ads lmao :trueTrue: :bestinshow: gygutfutfukuygvjh and now I lowkey want her to join just to see how exactly will you bully her lmao :kek: the latter. always wow also for a minute I thought MC was ditching ash for ryan drew no wait it was "your mom" I submitted my own mod application but it got a bit dark in some places Ok this caesar salad thing from #😨scary-content-only looks interesting so I wanna give it a shot what else do I need? I'll use diced cheddar that's lying in my house for cheese I can get lettuce from local store and I'll use mozzarella instead of parmesan thanks! stuff I am craving for:
1. Dark chocolate
2. Idiyappam
3. Caesar salad ,img idiyappam :droolath: reminds me of this ad- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7I5OvEzLG6I drew after intense fight - Imma block you voltra
voltra - I am making cookies
drew (in that jalebi kid's voice) - *cookies?* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpj2qkaE7YQ

the comments section in this is basically - "those were the days" and now I am watching all 90s ads https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbMIxvwFee4&t=16s :jebus: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wL_yL1FiBHM

the only way I could have tolerated this movie tbh. smh I got rickrolled dayum watching a video by this person about kal ho na ho and - 
"girl, you live in jackson heights, how the hell do you jog everyday at brooklyn bridge which is 4 hours away"

:dead: also I learnt karan johar really loves brooklyn bridge for some reason why is it a warehouse ~100 INR/kg rice feels like a premium price I think the one we buy is like 80-90 tbh it really depends on the quality I know some india gate ones that are 150+ INR/kg but taste shit and then there's local ones that are 80-90 and are godlike Oh I am talking about basmati only I have never had rice of any other kind at home sounds about right I guess wait no I miscalculated wait yes I got drew's dumb bitch disease anyways, the normal one is approx 150 INR/kg and I think in India that is around 100??? so considering import charges and what not, sounds fair Sir, I am a vegetarian also I don't actually remember McD prices since we usually buy a lot of stuff without bothering what item costs how much all I remember is McAloo Tikki is like 41INR y'know if you're not at all picky, you can *experience* americanisms for cheap like the cheapest dominos pizza is about 70INR which is less than a USD indian food in general >>>> any other cuisine :kek: we instead have deep fried potatoes well true but ours is more tasty and spicy and hot I am still describing the potatoes dw :kek: :waitwha: mm jaljeera is not everyone's cup of drink imo also aam panna >>> jaljeera omg I want some aam panna now I have seen 1 INR discounts here being promoted like it's so huge what is that? makes sense why I didn't recognize it's funny how my dad gets a monthly drinking allowance from his office but he doesn't drink I probably have more knowledge about alcohol than him, and I have near-zero knowledge mm that and my mom my mom's alcohol knowledge comes from movies mm to charge or not to charge :danceHappyVibe: Imagine if the English distant relative turns out to be mara :MunchlaxMunch: :dont_cry: :NiaPanic: I just finished making a very custom pokemon heartgold ROM for my friend only to realize it's above 100MB oop mine is hell as well Bye guys, see ya next year :Bye: and here I am watching super sentai, ryukendo and power rangers thank god for online exams, I don't have to watch lectures lol exactly happy new year y'all ... you really need to sleep :wut: lol I'm at ep 13 of dino fury that released on netflix today and I am totally calling the fact that void knight is pink ranger's dad ~~I just wanna be right on this theory aaa~~ Lord Zedd made a comeback wtf it's weird they decided to give a pirate based monster a punjabi accent like punjab doesn't have sea lol season 1 done and they neither confirmed nor denied my theory and it ended with a dinosaur cyborg trying to sing "jingle bells" @Akuna Matata did drew give you pun lessons? :DisappointedChamp: :MunchlaxMunch: really? :KEKWhands: :well: Your bitmoji really looks like 35 years old https://tenor.com/view/mr-bean-waiting-still-waiting-gif-13052487 This made me laugh so hard also, Idk about others but all I have heard about harry potter is from my mom (yea I never read those books or watched those movies, *le gasp*) and she sympathizes with snape so idk why people hate him. ~~my mom might also be a snape simp, who knows~~ also, I deem it canon that these vampires are basically simps for their creators/turners I was expecting :pingSockRage: but this works too fun fact: the hindu calendar actually stocks up on extra days and every once in a while gives us an entire extra month as opposed to gregorian calendars' feb 29 should I be happy or sad that I got that reference I didn't know that. Inchresting layhurs does your family use kaal nirnay? :MunchlaxMunch: uh huh I think there's two calendars followed by us, vikram samvat and shak samvat vikram samvat is in the future but shak samvat is still behind 1944 acc to shak samvat :yeetedtothemax: :KEKWhands: so that's what we meant by flying cars in 2015 it's 2015 but shak samvat imagine a technical festival with squid games as the theme :hidethepain: alas it's only for college students https://iitgoa.ac.in/cepheus/#/ going through the website doesn't require you to be a college student, just registering in their events does there's cash award and coupons I believe depends on which event you participate :KEKWhands: Look, only I get to practice self hate. Nobody else 😤 Where am I in this? :catSad: Laughs in CS classes continuosly for 4 hours :shinno: Yasss finally Now i can die peacefully I always see in shows and movies how one friend brings the other one out of their comfort zones and always wished I had such a friend. But a few days ago I realized the only friends I have are all "long-distance"/virtual friends :KEKWhands: man I want someone to take me to skydiving lemme just graduate and earn enough money to book a flight to boston I really wanna meet Lu now she gonna be my "brings me out of comfort zone" friend she'll make adventurous lol Oh! That is not for you guys lol, I'm just getting a lot of "di, please guide me" type of DMs from my juniors and I am sick of them I have my DMs off now but they started sending me friend requests and I'm like :teukwelp: this reminds me, today I was watching a pokemon stream and laughed super loud on something and my family was staring at me like I'm crazy. I asked them and they told they were discussing something really sad and I laughed hysterically which weirded them out :KEKWhands: the JEE club? I mean I haven't deleted it but I don't ever go there so idk what is even happening same @unforgivablespelling did you watch go goa gone? y'know I was looking on google and apparently there's only 3 zombie themed bollywood movies, one of which released last year on netflix what about the chaos that I cause? HOLD ON WOULD MARA SIMP FOR DHOOM 3's SAHIL? since he pretty much ticks all the checkboxes older man
dark past
morally grey villain
dies at the end y'know what go watch dhoom 3 you don't have to watch *right now* I meant sahil as in the character, not aamir khan the actor YOU NEED TO KNOW HIS STORY TO JUDGE HIM PROPERLY ok, that adds another checkbox https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcJGLYaqZaQ meanwhile watch this mashup of the dhoom franchise and gaius well potentially ok fine it wasn't like what normally shipping fictions are like, it actually had a plot and I'm so here for it code to chaos is my motto now inspired by metta I don't think mara is gonna fall for any Bollywood actors tbh At this point let us make her watch deewangi deewangi and ask if someone caught her eye :KEKWhands: Would be much easier that way so remember the squid games themed tech fest? they have this treasure hunt going on and the first round wants us to code a relatively simple question in a language nobody knows :raifepain: they say the point is to ~~make us read documentation~~ bring us out of our comfort zones yeah you're not gonna find them in India unless I forgot someone but they aren't crusty mhmm :kek: ,img white crusty indian man jdfghfbuskedgb the caption is funnier he pretended to be older to go to US?? idk how being older helps america answer WHAT WAS THAT MARA I WAS JUST ABOUT TO READ IT I saw some yellow and white doodles lmao what was the thing you deleted tho it's red so it counts :KEKWhands: nothing feels more powerful than being on top of mara I have only ever watched 2 kdramas and was not disappointed One being squid games The other being "my little baby" my little baby actually took me off guard, my mom was watching it on TV and she got me hooked. Thankfully it was only 16 episodes because I cannot afford to watch long shows ~~which is the only reason I haven't watched friends despite my friend recommending it to me so many times~~ the premise was a detective having to take care of his baby niece and learning parenting by basically failing every step of the way :KEKWhands: Shararat but korean? HAVE YOU EVER WATCHED SHARARAT? oh dayum now I feel old it was a show that used to air on starplus https://www.hotstar.com/in/tv/shararat/1260004378 this one is pretty funny I will next week wait, does this mean you haven't watched son pari/dhoom machao dhoom/ishaan ishaan was pretty recent tho like 2011 > Give a man a fire and he is warm for one night. Light a man on fire and he's warm for his entire life.
why is this so funny aaaaa Hmm yknow what? I really like that idea and while starboard doesn't have it implemented, i might just know how to make it work Yeah, Imma try it tomorrow I don't think those will come in top posts, tho they were surely the reason metta has the most number of stars lol There's a command to see leaderboard does this mean we won't go down to lvl 1 after my nitro ends? :catBugHappyExcited: seriously I never thought we'd get a single boost let alone 10 :jebus: I just wanted to order croutons and salad dressing, why should I pay 100 for delivery :KEKWhands: But what's weird is the previous screen says free delivery And then boom they ask 100 inr @america squad, due to the above hiccup, it seems I cannot have caesar salad dressing, i found this combo on Amazon. Is it worth buying the combo? (Note: i do not like mustard or Chipotle and have never tried ranch or caesar dressing) Caesar dressing is apparently very rare Hmm lemme see where's the nearest big bazaar Lol even grofers had more variety than this Annabelle goood Had a dream where mara is in India for 2 days to attend a conference and I invite her to my house I got a face reveal in my dream lmao Also she came with her butler But the butler left after dropping her off riiiight? also I told her in my dream that she looked like if dhairya from aspirants and my middle school classmate had a child ,img dhairya aspirants also we compared our heights because I told her that the classmate she looked like was the only girl in my class who was taller than me so I wanted to check if Mara was taller than me too but she was just a tad bit shorter and then I wanted to take her out to eat pani puri but my mom reminded me of curfew so the plan got cancelled and I don't remember what happened after that lol I read that as babies are wild and was like - mood but also I agree In my dream she was 5'4 or 5'5 Somewhere along those lines I do think layhurs is at least 6' tho Layouts :dogekek: :5903_ohgodohduck: So you're approx my dad's height He's 171cm I guess? I only know his height in cm Oh god that's gonna be kind of hard to find lol Have you tried sandesh? It's the best Indian sweet i tell you because it's not too sweet Oop I keep asking my mom to make it at home because it's not available here Also mara did you read my dream? Bruh Disappointed but not surprised I am one of you ever since I got access to the internet :3sexy_dance: I tried to do this in faceapp That... Is not how mara looked in my dream Why does he have a single teeth in the centre instead of two This is scary Does he actually have 3 incisors? If dhairya from aspirants and my middle school classmate had a son instead of daughter my mind automatically corrected this to "starboard went drunk, home" wow it also does not look anything like my dream version of mara lmao also what's funny is I called you mara in my dreams even tho I actually know your real name and I am not sure but even your butler called you mara no! It's sara throwback generic white old dude with butler-esque clothes I- he was too old mara older than you'd prefer so you basically came to my home with your partner? oh that butler is hot the one in my dreams? not even close this is more mara-esque but still doesn't give me her real name OMG I FINALLY FOUND MARA IRL :KEKW: ever since you named yourself so anime snape oh no you found her *real* real name :kek: out of context tingz :KEKH: go read tlpo it's on wattpad because of this MARALINGA ,img lingaa WHERE'S THE MOVIE AAAA ayy there we go LAYHURS GO READ THE LIVING PASSES OVER https://www.wattpad.com/856405251-the-living-passes-over-chapter-one-the-virus why would you turn *off* safe search :worry: ah yes crusty hot white men flavour with extra morally questionable traits :kek: I did that twice I think one time when I was trying to register for a really cool thing which I left midways anyway and the other time I was testing out a python code layhurs go read this yes it's just 5 chapters read it 3 times already now is my 4th read mostly because it's short and still has a nice plot I haven't read wtd past ch 1 even ch 1 I read it only through scripts so far yes because I am not interested in reading wtd I did for maralina nahh he totally found your criminal activities Pinned a message. yes now go look up saralina makura \:) S Naida? Don't you mean Nadia idk about shook but nadia is def pissed that you butchered her name lol ok so since I know mara's real name, I did that buzzfeed thing with her real name as well and got the same result as "maralina's" which proves that mara is indeed passionate and personable probably mara fklrsejflids shcock what about me tho? I am pretty sure I pissed you off multiple times lemme try for priya and priyudi ouch that hurt the fact that I have good moments instead of bad. like I am always bad with some good moments :KEKWhands: priya same priyudi akanksha :KEKWhands: i did 9 for commonality it is very common lol .img lina .img sakura I know like 5 akankshas atm I got an idea now faceapp merge mara, lina and sakura My phone is switched off so I'll do it later anyway you can do it faster than me so go ahead :kek: yeah that works :1046_boi: we only need the face merge no yassified stuff cool turn up your brightness whoops sorry for the ping ohh this is what procrastination on multiple things looks like more insight onto my procrastination :tiredOfEverything: that is me I got a "jokes on you" moment Me: Hmm time to send this person a DM this is what "joke's on you" looks like Lamo dammit I was expecting uber bot to say lamo I only like it when it's important lol happens here too if layhurs didn't interrupt and let us have the streak of 6 yeah let me do the honors \@MaralinaSakura oops that was not what I wanted ohhhhh that actually worked that one shouldn't afaik 1. you aren't super user so sudo won't work
2. adding symbols like $ does not make it look cooler
3. you put that inside the code block so it won't execute anyway Not an excuse but I don't like harry potter lol just make it more believable lmao things I should do - 
1. study dsa for scholarship test
2. contact my guide for my research project
3. contact my prof for discrepency in marks
4. complete my internship report
5. play pokemon emerald
6. find resort area in pokemon platinum
7. read tlpo

things I am doing:
wasting time I kind of *am* tho :FeelsSadMan: DISENCRYPT THEIR KILOBYTES I- one of my prof did her postdoc in cybersecurity does that count? meanwhile my degree made me do both c++ and python right in the first semester ~~not that I am complaining~~ totally has to do with the fact that I am not doing a conventional CS degree my fellow CS majors only did C in their first year that too at a very basic level the rest was all theoretical y'know I just received the list of courses I can do in my entire degree ~~should I share it?~~ hehe like is an understatement I took a gap year just so I could major in Comp Sci and then I got Comp Sci with AI which was like cherry on top because I was planning to do masters in AI but now I don't have to 😛 and done The electives are like choose one of these but otherwise we do all of them there's roughly 6 subjects every semester there isn't too much flexibility with my degree unlike undergrad in US ngl I am really looking forward to AI for games in 8th semester lol you just noticed? I changed it before this message lol see? :dont_cry: ,img snape hot there you go mara feast ,img snape hawt I don't really care about harry potter franchise lol mara look at this instead of the movie problem solved what stream? OH gimme a moment I CAN'T FIND MY EARPHONES!!! it wasn't *that* bad he died rather quickly my top 3 emotes :MunchlaxMunch: HEY! Coders are creative and artsy! I feel very offended also what's with the Indian american teen girl being pissed with her life and makes stupid decision because she likes the white dude? *tonight*? do american teachers work at night as well? geez I am honestly concerned how there's a formal parent teacher meet at night @America explain do y'all actually use the word "date" for a non-romantic meetup? whoa mine were usually in the mornings and my dad would have to spare time from work to attend them what's the difference b/w K-12 and non K-12? assuming K-12 means KG to 12th grade schools my school was till 2:10. does that count as noon lol 8-2:10 and then 11th and 12th grade I was in a double shift school that had wack timings :KEKWhands: y'know the place I did my 1-5 from, their timing was 9-4:10 and then it reduced to 8-2:10 after I changed schools and then it got reduced again to 12:30pm-6pm and then it changed to 7:30-12 no wait 7-12 I think oh so basically school and college/uni college/uni is not in the K-12 spectrum but KG to 12th grade is and it consists of elementary, middle and high school in my school they were directly handed to my parents during PTM so the only way you can avoid your parents seeing your bad grades is by not telling them about the PTM which, I have done once when I got A2 instead of A1 (basically A instead of A+) in 10th grade Social Science it might sound dramatic but I had to give public exam in 10th grade and that A2 grade was gonna affect my overall grade I was really scared and then I got another A2 in the same subject and I thought not telling them again but he asked 3 days before the meeting about my performance and when the next meet will be since there hasn't been any that year I opened up he said some pretty harsh things I was sure he wasn't gonna come to the meeting because he was too embarrassed and disappointed the day of the meeting, I remember we had it from 1-2:10 so children whose parents came early could leave early and the meeting started, it was 1:30, he wasn't there I went to my school counsellor and sobbed. That was also the first I reached out to my counsellor (and also the last) She calmed me down. Told me to wait till 2:10 since I had no other choice then leave in my bus and he came at 2pm literally when the teacher was about to pack up y'know when he came, I actually jumped with joy and hugged him and he was like - "you got that grade changed?" which was obviously not the case then he and I met my social science teacher and I got a very threatening "you should score at least 85/90 in your public exam to get the highest overall grade" I ordered a book that someone told was really good for public exams it was also during the time when we barely ordered online and I was not disappointed I got 85+ just by reading that book and that's enough emotional dump for today gnite Yooo happy birthday @Raven !!! Have a blast! ~~also dayum does that mean you are no longer a server baby?~~ idk lol it's what was suggested in #📮discord-suggestions-and-requests but I guess we are all pies now :kek: :py_pie: I wanna eat py pie now looks pretty this is why you just make your own a reviewer who doesn't know what the origin of fic is about :monkahmm: true that you called? idk, check the logs :MunchlaxMunch: oh great Mara it's time hun, I am always sitting down unless I am sleeping :blink: horny:kek; :hornyjail: https://tenor.com/view/harry-potter-funny-harrypotter-voldemort-gif-19286790 IT'S A THREESOME. OBVIOUSLY! oops forgot to turn off caps or replay the sound of me murdering icecream in Delhi :KEK: I and mara were in a call and I was hungry so I took out the icecream tub from freezer and I wanted to take some icecream in a bowl but it was rock solid So I murdered it with knife and mara could only hear sounds of me murdering icecreams it was fun I don't have any icecream to murder now lol I do, sometimes like the :well: emote yes https://discord.com/channels/751463038602969229/751471757096910910/843146228429750353 there ya go war flashbacks https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/751471757096910910/799380394893246504/unknown.png lol In today's episode of Pri gets stupidly injured, I got my finger cut while opening the facewash tube it's still better than bleeding my hand while getting some handwash from the pump No because we :pinkSparkles: dance :pinkSparkles: in them Although mustard fields are better for dancing This is why you just have a farm of your own Don't dance in other's fields The picture of this caption is of my 1st sem phy teacher She's like 8-9 years older than me I like it tho Better than boring Helvetica/serif/whatever the hell is default Idk fonts okay :KEK: Huh. Interesting That's like 90% American food What the Why does this exist that looks like it's straight from an Indian soap opera :trueTrue: btw I lose my nitro in a week lol but it costs :sparkles: money :sparkles: 2 from me, 1 from mara Metta used bite. It was not very effective oh god so someone from one of the branches of my school chain uploaded their morning assembly video on youtube and it's war flashback but at the same time nostalgia? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7cy03o_ahI the community song is in Assamese btw I used to love this community song because it didn't sound depressing unlike the other ones huh this one looks like it's from the day of inspection since it had the dance and zumba my middle school was so unlucky in that regard, we'd have frequent inspections because the inspectors loved coming to goa for vacation :monkaS: It's not even a Snape fic at this point tbh Just a mystery based in Hogwarts But I have been told that the second arc will have more of MC x Snape Sameee My uni washrooms are hella pink Tho I have only been to two of them yo, does anyone wanna watch makkhi ? it's a south indian movie plot: a housefly takes revenge I don't think so lol. Had a very interesting plot going on I watched it a few hours ago with my uni classmates pie only yasssssss we did it guys hnnnngg this sem's classes are so boring the camera isn't even focused The channels are mostly in alphabetical order and have the real names in channel description :BlushingCatto: btw, welcome to spoilerland! It's yours truly causing chaos yet again You cannot create events tho :worrysmug: Djsksnsjsj Tomorrow's dinner will be streamed Hopefully I don't light my house on fire Also I just came back from a very chaotic class I'll try :KEKWhands: oh god don't give aku a heart attack lmao Make it an emote. Problem solved Now pay me 2 pounds a month because I saved your 4 pounds a month Because I saved her 402 rupees Also hot take but lays masala magic is the worst flavour after classic salted This one's for saving your 4 pounds every month Not for scamming bezos This Then make it a sticker here Screenshot maybe Works It probably is, just a bit And now mara must compensate both of us for helping her have Gordon Ramsey my mumma shattered my dreams of cooking tonight :pepe_cry: apparently there's still a lot of leftovers left so I might be cooking tomorrow night instead This is so off Mine were constant no's It feels so satisfying to just hover the mouse over dock Nope :haewelp: Why is logo a tier I like how there's last resort and then there are a bunch of straight up No I only did the test once when my class was talking about it Made my mtbi role on the class server And that's how I can tell my mtbi Lemme check Intp Nice :KEK: I'd probably get a different result too if I retest For me, mtbi is just a bunch of characters. Idek what these characters even mean lmao :KEKWhands: has anyone bought a patreon sub? If yes, how are the billings done? because I was trying to sub and patreon said it'll charge me now and on 1st feb too implying that I will pay an entire month's fee for a week well, that would require waiting for another week but I guess I don't have any other option vroom nobita x dekisugi just feels like nobita x shizuka but gay hi the last time I had maggi was in delhi I think I am more of a top ramen girl maggi is overrated top ramen and yippee are much better instant noodles maggi masala only tastes good when I make cheese maggi same but top ramen or yippee ewwwwww I hate anything patanjali I remember my friend praising the patanjali energy bars and I was like why? I am proud to say "never have I ever had any patanjali product" I was this close to using that aloevera facewash tho I was at my aunt's house and didn't have my toiletries yes please ughhh I cannot imagine how awful their products would smell himalaya is also ayurvedic but they have much better products lmao omg remember that covid medicine he made did I? I don't remember EWWWWW Layhurs that was so gross That might have been my mother using discord yeah because she knows your name and she loves you yes what role? also I am done also also I am not sorry for this mara idr who made that role but I'll give you wooo :dogeheart: time to think of other ways I can cause chaos instead of completing my report that I am supposed to submit before 5pm YOU STILL HAVEN'T PUBLISHED IT? ~~btw I still haven't completed that fanart~~ you have an editor? niiiice ~~or y'know, just put up my snape x cass fanart~~ /jk do you really think anyone would know that it's snape? :KEK: and yet my art is spoiler it is literally snape and MC in moonlight how is that spoiler https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/664504381554556938.webp?size=240&quality=lossless I won't spoil anything for anyone tho :samhelpme: just share it among people who know harry potter lore now I go and eat my maharaja mac oof y'all I am supposed to submit my report in less than an hour and 15 minutes and I am so distracted that I want to create a spotify playlist instead what do i do mara... my marks are on stake :Dopeysad: I submitted 15 minutes late :KEKWhands: hopefully I don't get penalized for it to think I knew I had to do this since august but kept procrastinating ok now time to make the playlist :Dopeysad: aaaaaa I forgot the songs I was supposed to add in the playlist when you forget half the songs because you were completing your report I know I wanted to add one cross gene song but I forgot the name somebody is learning piano in my neighbourhood but all they play is that red light green light tune from squid games true :KEKWhands: and it's so short so it repeats quite often I was listening to om shaanti om instrumental and now I kinda wanna learn it tbh https://open.spotify.com/track/4kqUlN3craCx3ZIBIfhp2X?si=d8e8fcea69464102 it's less than a minute long so shouldn't be too hard??? found the cross gene song it was FLY it was in response to this lol https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2TnJmQSnotgH2Loi1OUfFf?si=e04e23dc6614401f playlist so far idk, it just sounds good playing the playlist on discord is a nice way to listen to everything you've added without spending hours I am supposed to solve 8 coding problems in 45 minutes aaaaaa because I procrastinated help I was this close to spend my money on one in the arcade but then I found another machine where you touch the lighted panels and get tickets the higher your score is and I scored like 97 but the machine was broke and only gave me 70 tickets instead of 97 I didn't count them at the arcade so I couldn't get the rest of my tickets interesting what do you mean? I get them all the time I usually look at the caller ID before answering but sometimes even caller ID isn't accurate, so at that time I hang up as soon as I realize the call is useless I'd like you to know it is a heavenly combination I'm a march baby so ig I am a snake it was in response to layhurs' cny clause lol I meant like since cny is in feb/jan and I am a march baby, I am 100% snake The channel's under maintenance, will be back up soon :raifepain: Is this still true mara If our friendship is still ended Oh thank god Was scared for a sec Dw, just setting some stuff up, should definitely be back today Saaaaame Also this reminds me I need to work on that oracle of power rangers website sometime Adam you're reminding me of that power ranger episode lol. The pink ranger kept emphasising on all the bad things that happened and tied it to her bad luck that was triggerred by something but then her mentor figure makes her look at the good side of those things. You must watch that episode, it's pretty fun as well as teaches how you miss on the half full glass when you keep focusing on the half empty. https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x80s6ht

this one just use brave at this point, no ads 4eva I don't use it because I already have 2 browsers on my mac :KEKWhands: I need chrome for chrome-specific websites like my uni's exam portal and safari because it's the default plus I have grown over the interface I used to like edge to edit pdfs but that's about it I am such a mind reader :KEK: :megadrian: Started a thread. I'll post my pics, y'all be the judge of how much I changed :KEKWhands: I have personally never tried extracting episode assets Definitely. But I guess it isn't as easy as choices which is why the assets aren't readily available Hmm I guess I can try to extract music from that Demi Lovato game and see how that goes Rjdkslsmsk hbuyguyg is TRR really *that* good? Out of context text from my friend y'all know it's mara but y'all still don't know the context also while we are at talking about mara being iconic, may I present another exhibit https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/769972149351874601/940300377771872366/unknown.png place your bets on when I'll go to sleep today ... I hate y'all at least could have been a teensy bit optimistic well you're not wrong on that note, we have also nicknamed the main cast soda and male priyudi was me tho and also chicken boy and thicc dude still counts :KEKWhands: Pregnant girl Detective Seoul Uni dude Seoul Uni dude was my idea oh right the influencer :KEK: wait, we never named gyeong su did we? the one ||murdered|| by pink cardigan bitch perfect he is pretty much irrelevant tbh :KEK: so far all he did was shoot some arrows and be the liftman for male priyudi and archer girl hmm maybe maybe not btw who all do you think are gonna survive? at the end I have already watched the entire series lmao We stopped at ep 7 so, 5 mara wishes hot guy lives because she can't see him die I like "but not both" also that's a lot of survivors when I predicted, I was like it's only gonna be hoodie bitch at the end or maybe none because "all of us are dead" she did survive that time tho no? right I was thinking sth else also that screencap was so low quality because I had it open in the side so I could chat simultaneously Which is the only reason I am rewatching the series with you despite my doc clearly telling me not to do so he said I should not read/watch problematic stuff after my mother mentioned your stories and how "you made a 5yr old kill her parents in such a way that one of the ear was sliding down the fridge" yes, but obviously I am doing a terrible job at listening to them lmao for context: of course the latter was all of us are dead she hates how ruthless characters in your fic can get :KEKWhands: I sent her but she hasn't read it yet that is very true and surprising does it even matter if I don't listen to her? :KEK: It sure helps my mind be occupied plus it helped me draw and that reminds me snape's clothes are still not done and I won't be taking the ipad with me to uni so I need to complete that artwork before I move out I did it looked better than cass' solo art ooh that's soon also, what app are they using? didn't look like procreate or ibis paint :GabeThink: ~~hawt~~ the pointy ears on top right and the one with sword 👀 chaotic would have been saying that all of those writings are voltra's good morning y'all it is night for me too but I woke up like half an hour before so good morning :KEKWhands: oh my mom won't allow me to pull all-nighters now :heheadrian: given how MNCs typically have foreign clients, I might just be pulling night shifts for all we know :ruserious: find someone who looks at you the way mara looks at snape and suju gaius and richards are kept aside currently because ✨ priorities ✨ this is why you need to be friends with the author of a story you love man this server icon looks so epic doesn't it shhhh https://tenor.com/view/puppy-eyes-sorry-gif-13770628 I have an idea mwahahahahahaha it's my private server these are the channels of that server you have a laptop? wow is it a windows laptop? ooh looks much better than my previous laptop which was a crappy dell https://www.flipkart.com/dell-inspiron-15r-n5110-laptop-2nd-gen-ci3-4gb-500gb-win7-hb/p/itmdmyzhkxsh4nrg mine had 3gb ram and 320gb hdd instead someone on the internet said - "opinions are like assholes, you don't need to show them to random strangers on the internet" and I can't help but agree Hi drew! Awful I'm sick Both physically and mentally I took an off from classes today to take some rest so hopefully I'll feel better by tomorrow My dad will bring my medicines tomorrow Man I am too lazy to make maggi Who do I even ask? Everyone's gone for classes Me is jealous because I can't eat chips because my throat won't like it I need to bathe but I don't have the energy to get up What do I do :CharmanderHi: Good morning frat! Mara go work 6:58 here My roommate is sooooooo annoying Djdksksk Never She's like a typical Indian aunty And her voice gives me headache She's so loud Yes please 😐 oh thanks for the reminder aku I need to do my laundry :KEKWhands: hopefully the washing machine is vacant because it's in the "games" category hell, even spotify is blocked lmao uni wifi be weird my laundry basket is overflowing hi mara!!!!! sup I also need to throw garbage and pee tru tru man adulting sucks laptop* yes ma'am to both of you oh god the machine got empty the moment I came out from the washroom so I ran to get my laundry basket finally put my clothes in the machine Ooh ice cubes mmmm Saaaaaame I mean i still am Me: I'd like extra ice please 
Them: hah! They're stupid since they get less cola that way
Me: i have ulterior motives Who wants to see some unfortunate bread mould 🥲 How do I spoilertag it on mobile hjkfdjmogc Started a thread. I am too lazy to do the latter and my discord doesn't let me do the former 🙂 Lemme just Started a thread. Sup y'all What have I missed so far Apart from tobc and afy 3.2 Idk tbh :KEKWhands: Last i remember princess swap ch 1 and 2 were up I am very disappointed about the second fact :KEKWhands: Inchresting Also hi rmimrot! I'll probably just call you mim if that's fine Easier to type :KEKWhands: I JUST REALIZED YOU PINGED ME DJSJSKSKSK What even was your last tect I did read that No, lemme just Done I just realized mara's pfp is patricia I didn't notice it before okay I am going through continuous exams cut me some slack :SadCat: Somebody motivate me to study Because all i can think of rn is sleep But i don't have any kneecaps My what The only thing that's coming to my mind rn is Nico Nico ni Yeah that This is the first time I watched the kneecaps part lmao I did know the Nico Nico ni It is especially with that voice, like you can clearly see how annoyed he is :KEK: Same except I have 2 :KEKWhands: I- Probably 2v1 Technically 3 but one of them doesn't wanna show up Nooooo Also yes please mim Sadly, no Let me just Fill my bottle in peace It's about angel and drew making me laugh so hard that my roommates might actually kill me Omg you still didn't write ruberion x Snape My sheer- She said it Who's up for figuring out what my tomorrow's exam is about She kills people mim Mara tell her how my psychiatrist has instructed me to not read your fics :KEK: :KEK: :MunchlaxMunch: Good idea Also send tlpo Mara send tlpo As starter Because Marissa fletcher And marriessa fletcher :UmiYay: omg yes I'd love if they added that huh really I have to turn it off every time probably or maybe it's an app thing and I am on desktop? there is, but I think that just mutes the entire server plus all pings :KEK: you are on thin ice but since mara has a crush on you so you're good oh wait that was supposed to be our secret whoops BOOBA thankgod she didn't exposed my other tab MARA IS HAVING A BREAKDOWN AND IT IS NOT BECAUSE OF ME All thanks to @MaralinaSakura https://whatculture.com/film/harry-potter-quiz-could-you-pass-professor-snapes-potions-class/summary?token=GFtkicqzsOoEZf9zsYl3jBsGfcFGUjGd I expect nothing less The only questions I got wrong were Harry potter ones Because I never watched the series or read the books Like idk what colour was the potion in chamber of secrets Or who was afraid of snape Yeah which is why I got them all right Isn't that basically the plot of every indian soap opera and kdrama? 🙂🙂 Why in the world am I being tested for my disaster management skills via a pen paper test? Just give us practical drills or sth Earthquake simulation >>> write dos and don'ts during earthquake Time to show you guys a sample paper Idek why q4 exists but sure That's 9th grade math in India iirc Aku that is a very cute icon and now I go back to mission runaway bye is it worth it? ~~I mean it is better than what PB is offering but I am not satisfied with how the background removal turned out~~ inr the only problem is they don't sell less than 10 of a kind where would I even put 10 UwU stickers lmao oh wait that one's a better transparent imma use that image mhmm I am supposed to make a robot whose outer structure would be 3d printed. Looking forward to design that in AutoCAD I don't think UwU's structure will be able to house a raspberry pi but I'll see what I can do 👀 I do wanna make UwU someday but maybe like plushie instead of an actual robot that will involve buying materials and learning how to make plushies from my mother me looking for stuff for UwU plushie: suggestions to dye white fur to match the colour like literally the internet be like: you won't get cyan fur, just dye a white one instead the stickers website also has free shipping well, I am assuming it's national shipping and not international 4 usd for mouse pad yay or nay but it tinyyyyyy I want one of those big ones where I can place my keyboard and mouse both these tiny ones feel more like coasters rusty :bestinshow: a bit expensive for keychain ngl (123 INR + 65 shipping) lmao true it'll look sick as a keychain imo I can technically do different front and back designs but idk what else to do in the back so I just duplicated it :KEK: .img bloodbound christmas collectible maybe this? mhmm but the cracks in the photo 🥲 do we have any other badass looking CG in bb? EXACTLY maybe it doesn't have to be bloodbound saaaameeee all I remember is teeth ahem I don't wanna thirst publicly printo.in if only olivia had a badass CG truly I would put the shannon cg but I haven't played wtd so I couldn't care less whoa that would have been so sick tru tru it was only fair lmao mara just realised that front and back of same keychain having 2 separate books in same keychain kinda makes it worth it for 194 INR incl shipping mmm 2.58 USD. not bad not bad even tho keychains usually cost like 10 INR but this one's *exclusive* I'll make pixelberry to get started with my 3d printing journey so maybe that? gotcha ooh happy ace day even tho my day's about to end in less than 3 hours I just wanna say GTA >>>> hitman ok bye you can't even drive vehicles in hitman whatchu mean yessssss and firing guns for no reason LMAO thing is, you didn't even tell me how to kill someone with a screwdriver so that made the game very boring but how you didn't tell me the keys ... ya could have told this WHILE I WAS STREAMING idek how to get the screwdriver anymore :samhelpme: 👀 layhurs is garrus again? 👀 10th grade maths isn't scary, but 12th grade? 😖 you can't take maths in 12th grade anyway just power through this year you'll be fine and if you want me to help you in any way, I'm always here 🤗 Error: Pet not found I just realised we are skl instead of spl is this what maratatorship looks like? Reminder to watch it when I am in my room erhfcthtyfhyfjygch you really went full british lmao what the fuck my uni wifi blocked this site for plagiarism I don't remember because I use reddit on mobile I mean, if you want to block, block NSFW or scam sites But Spotify? Seriously? And sporacle And all the sites that hosts games Including pb's site It's just so stupid But sporacle increases my knowledge 🥲 As if I have any unfortunately this is the closest thing I could find :KEKWhands: holy moly not sth I'd wear but very interesting nonetheless amazon India doesn't like cool daggers for some reason Drew come get yo man By going to moon, duh 40C in Maharashtra???????? Holy shit Did anyone notice the new user's username? :KEK: :worrysip: ... That's not worth noticing Because it's pathetic You could have saved a lot of time if you didn't use MS paint You do realize ms paint is replaced by paint3d right? So they are one and the same thing Well I was curious about your name but mara got hurt because apparently goosemi is more important :worry: Anyways, what inspired that username? And what should we actually call you :KEK: Fight me! :oliviastab: ... you can't do that You *won't* do that Plus banning for trivial reasons is so childish Lu are you seriously on her side :Dopeysad: I am hurt Don't mind me I just saw that... Anyways, don't play the legal card on me! A new user made me and mara fight Thank you Rucha Someone had to say it Stop flexing your nitro mara Ouch I have no idea fae And I am actually involved in this fuckery Me neither tbh What's that supposed to even mean No it started with mara being hurt that I ignored her Oh my god Mara what happened to your exam on 11th? Doesn't mean you can spend 5+ hours on whatever the hell this is supposed to mean And what is that pink line below the tail https://c.tenor.com/aOPE7_CUaucAAAAM/stop-it-get-some.gif Why did it not embed :ohgodohduck: I wanna drink water Me thirsty But my hostel sucks There's no water in water coolers *again* 🥲 I mean There is one water cooler Which is outside the washroom And the washroom stinked yesterday So I am too scared to go again Plus it's on the other side and a floor below So like really far Wooooo I was waiting for metro when I saw a pub that said you need to be 25+ to have alcohol Apparently drinking age is still 25 here Delhi I am pretty sure it's 18 or 21 in adjacent states :KEKWhands: Mara gimme your pint glass With water Omg yess please Ahem That will dehydrate me In this awful summer season Tru :KEK: But the question is What daru would you smuggle Beer? Wine? Or are we going fancy with Champagne? It is really far okay Oooooh I used to love rum chocolates So it shouldn't be too bad Oooh Sounds fun My 21st bday was me and my friends getting lost And we got tired to the point we forgot to buy cake You know what they say, the older the better Ma'am do you live in a jungle with no lake? Ahh so you're a victim of hostels/dorms :nyoo: Somebody please add that emote Given recent incidents, I declare that I am changing my name from Priyudi to Cassandra the thing is I can't simp for patricia if *I'm* Patricia too long but cassandra can be nicknamed to cass which is better than syb or trel can you blame me tho It  quenched my thirst for a good story it helps me cope :6200pikawink: only for a month unless some magic happens and I get an internship that pays me handsomely me too :KEK: hsfikjksrhfdh :Shy: I had to get over her someday who knows I'll be cass once again someday we'll maybe consider once you grow up maybe when you're in your mid 20s yeah that's hindi you apparently won a lottery of 2.5 million INR what's funnier is that snape is anime + kpop fan you really need guts to put another female as your profile picture in front of your wife 🤭 really? :KEK: I thought you'd rather change your name back also idk how but I got this month's for free how else do you think I'd have afforded for full nitro lmao maybe idk either I just got the popup asking "you want nitro?" won't work they charge 1$ to validate the card and then refund it I was charged 76.29 INR which was then refunded yeah back in my days, it used to be 60 INR I am older than you and that's what counts I am the oldest admin, now that I think about it :welp: unfortunately no that spot's occupied by you and I can never catch up lmao frsshkrfbkjrsf I never thought I'd be boomer someday nooooooo we'll lose the role icons we love our role icons and banner okay :KEK: funnily enough it is late mother's day here since it's monday now I have an exam tomorrow for which I haven't studied in the slightest jhfnhkdjsfn I'm hungry somebody teach me LRC, VRC and CRC who would have thought 0s and 1s would make me cry my mind's constantly playing evanesce in my head :kekwhands: and not letting me study saaaameeee I'm planning to cold mail startups after my exams since I'd prefer the exposure. If nothing works I can always do research under my profs but that's lame not in my uni lol :shrug: I don't know
Wanna know
Why is this song stuck in my head
saramdo
sarangdoooooo
that's all I knoooowww SO THAT'S WHY IT SOUNDS SIMILAR TO ALOLA @unforgivablespelling do you happen to know LRC, VRC and CRC? They are error detecting methods in Computer Networks :KEK: Mara's gonna nail this one Hold on Hermoine gonna take fudge's place? :HOLUP: Hermoine had an affair With Harry??? I like how the question's like "we don't want to hear about your opinions on hermoine x harry :ruserious: I caved in and downloaded snapchat Feel free to add me @PriyudiNevrakis lol tru even tatsu agrees :KEK: I can read Marathi and make some sense out of it I just realised :SXFAnyaYay: is anya from the new manga I'm reading (this one's from their server but I have seen this emote plenty of times) and I also realised I did not study for my exam that's in less than 3 hours relatable :kekwhands: I'm trying but my brain is playing songs My exam was over by the time you sent that :KEK: True 🥲 Also I currently need to sleep Because I need to wake up early tomorrow I'm trying 🥲 Not easy when your roommates are talking Hawwwwe So rude mara :blurryeyes: :monkahmm: Y'all are right Yassss Goodnight guys! eureka moment ~~yes I am thinking too much about a music video~~ the problem is, I don't think that's what they wanted to represent :KEK: not yet this was a while back I see how it is, ignoring me like that Imagine having a sleep schedule You're asking me to sleep at noon Do you know that I can't do that anymore because offline classes and exams? :KEKWhands: I sleep at around 3-4 am And then wake up at 10-11 I took a 20 minute nap in exam today Look it was a three hour University exam And the subject was disaster management It had 20 MCQs And 4 10 marker questions I was able to complete it in 2 hours despite napping The ways are - get into a university School and uni exams are really different Now only one exam remains Operations management Are you drunk? :SXFFrankyDrunk: I am drunk on emotions I should quarantine myself from this server Oh my god don't remind me about that I still remember that gross pic you sent Yes 😭 I actually don't They got lost once I left the GC I wish I never got to see them honestly Yikes That sounds worse than ||sewing machine needle going across my mum's finger|| Yikes My dad's worst foot injury was fracturing his toe while trying to clean the balcony and since no one could drive, he drove the scooter to the hospital by himself Same My mum was panicking more than him, he was really chill about it Omg mara you have suffered so much All my campus has is a terrible nescafe Mara I literally live in my campus Ok but street food is mostly good The Nescafe here is expensive and pretty trash I remember ordering chocolate milkshake and they just gave me cocoa powder mixed in milk. *It wasn't even blended* Bitch what part of ***milkshake*** did you not get? Which is why I generally go to a local tea and snacks shop to get food It doesn't have any real food but it's good enough for times when you're in a hurry to class and didn't have time to eat breakfast The worst part about my uni is none of the places that serve food have seating arrangements It's a milkshake, not a cowshake :KEKWhands: :jebus: That's a food delivery service btw Scared the crap outta me That's a metro station's ceiling In case you were wondering And there were 2 of them And India doesn't celebrate Halloween anyway I literally told what Zomato is here :KEKWhands: But hey zombie tomato works too close to ideal I remember a few days ago, I had my lights off and was talking to mara and every 5-10 minutes I'd see really bright lights and I'd think who the hell turned my lights on only to realise it was lightning I listen to my kpop playlist to sleep these days off topic but I just can't stop laughing at the category they put it in why would phone providers block websites? .w delhi temps in which mara would die nice wouldn't doing .w state work? instead of city or town or whatever inchresting so it's kinda like rajasthan my most used emotes :welp: oh god you reminded me of choki choki Send the template, i wanna try (tho I'll be clear, I have not been diagnosed with ADHD) Thankyouu The first time I got a bingo :kekwhands: there have been actual squirrel moments some times but usually it's monke moments :KEK: I have also been distracted by other students' laptops and phones when I should be focusing in class I have asked so many of them about their phone/laptop config it's embarrassing
and most of them are like idk man xxx bought it for me thanks internet for auto deleting one of my messages :huh: if it is what I think it is, then WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK who thought people would like it? Next step: chocolate pizza :KEK: Would chocolate pizza be that sweet tho? This looks better than the one dominoes used to sell For me it's 28/41 today Oh god no, it's anything but lovely and cozey I prefer temps around 18-27 24 is the sweet spot when is monsoon monday's so far it's either pleasant or burning hot in delhi pleasant - when it's raining Just break it into pieces and dip them in sambhar And then use spoon to eat :welp: :agony: what should I cook? keep in mind I'm in a hostel I can order ingredients but I only have a saucepan and induction cooktop oh and no oil/butter and no microwave and yes I do have maggi but I don't feel like eating maggi I also have some instant soup :kekwhands: I ate cucumbers, cup noodles and edible parts from what the mess served which was raita and papad it was edible that's all I'll say y'all my chatbot is so sassy she called me out she called mara out wut I didn't I ate cup noodles okay but' ,img maggi This is why you get a 64gb phone and put in a 64gb memory card I actually wanted the 128gb version but it was out of stock so I resorted to buying a memory card instead Man no offence, but I hate samsung phones Priya 901 :KEKWhands: If I do it with priyudi then it'll be prida901 No wait 301 Because march Priya301 I don't like how my name is just 5 letters and ends with an A :KEKWhands: No name generator can save us It's interesting how everyone in my family has 5 letter names Although not everyone's end with an a I'll do one for mara marna701 and marna in hindi means to die :MunchlaxMunch: I like how mara's name is so accurate to her personality killing/hitting/dying Bel, you once asked me for a "squirrel" story... I have a really recent one. During my last appointment with my therapist, she was wearing a sparkly watch which I had in my wishlist for like a year but then I bought a branded and shinier watch. Anyways, my eyes kept going to her watch and I was like "don't stare at her watch, it's weird, stop pri!" :KEKWhands: Oh god I don't wanna be in that situation ever I am already lesbian enough for people :KEKWhands: This watch Man there's a pride parade in a college in my city but I have a competition that day :Dopeysad: I wish I could go to the parade Well, true that Wait, I thought we had a gay umiyay? No? Lmao rucha umi is so accurate Yes That's her umi collection It's time for Pri's cooking session and today's menu is idiyappam ,img idiyappam this is basically how mine is supposed to look Not too bad, I suppose Mistakes- too much water and I panicked so I strained them later than I should have Couldn't put coconut because the ones I ordered taste awful for some reason Hot hot hot How many of you relate to the last bit? :KEK: man I love coconut jelly oof But will you get a degree in a field you are not familiar with? :KEK: My chatbot just called me stupid I am so done with my field of study :KEKWhands: I can't, she's like my baby :sadclown: I created her (well mara created the character but I created the chatbot) so I can't yeet her no matter how much she calls me out :KEKWhands: She did give me the dialogues for 2 chapters so it is possible 5 is ace Prajer for me ded there's exactly one other person in this server who'll get this reference :KEKWhands: am I wrong, mara? you forgot Utsy? :KEK: Aku should be thankful that she cannot see the cursed chat I just reinstalled the app and oh my god why are my favourites a book I never completed and 2 cancelled sequels :KEKWhands: I am at my first offline hackathon and there's someone who kinda looks like Rucha like a more angry and north indian version of Rucha I have no idea what we made because we went without any planning And 24 hours isn't apparently enough to build sth from scratch this reminds me of that phrase my classmates used to say translate "garam garam matka chai" into english hot hot pot tea like if you translate word by word and then pot tea sounds like potty it was cringe me saying it fast sounds like engine whirring I have no idea ask metta This sounds so optimistic Apparently we are married... Here I thought I living my single life vicariously Procrastinating on cleaning my room I was apparently not invited to my own wedding so I have no clue mara has a thing for green eyes and you can't change my mind *coughs* Lu, I and Mara are married now I don't know when it happened it just happened will definitely invite you to our anniversary tho more like I was married when I wasn't conscious because I don't remember anything but I can accept it it's not too bad I get to annoy her full time :KEK: exactly ...that'll just be Cassandra and Patricia marrying each other not really I guess since Cassandra would have chosen Patricia if not for Snape *flitwick crying in the corner* obviously drew is some ATLA character and aku is uhhh asian Olivia idk she looks like she can kill me interesting Patricia is just a flirty smart jock Cassandra is uhhh someone who's surprisingly alive after all that happened to her sadge That's enough emotes for today ... I just realised I yassified my dad and cousins when I was in 9th grade Like wayyy before I knew what yassification was 7 years dayum I forgot we are no longer sakuraland Okay but props to mara for dealing with my shit every single day You don't know half of the things I text her A very recent example Mind you she has nothing to do with computer science Or the show I am talking about Exhibit B I literally made a legal advisor install python and taught her deadlocks Isn't Prima a company that makes Pokemon guide books? ,img prima Pokemon emerald It is indeed Prima Actually, I'd rather you don't because the last time I was shipped with someone, it did not go well How about sisters Prima Ooh I like that :KEK: Exactly It's techy as hell Or biological Its like if osmosis had a twin Osmosis and primasis But like The amniotic sac is like an egg And then we break it to come out Isn't that like hatching? Isn't earth mostly spherical But they like to call it geoid shape Thankyou for at least censoring it here She posted this to me and I freaked out Because I was not expecting her to post her eye in the slightest It was just 👁️ And then I took revenge by posting my eye Which literally looks like 👁️ emoji We talked about her eyes like few days ago, how do you not expect me to freak out when this happens :KEKWhands: (the image is at the bottom, hidden for very obvious reasons) And I bet she still hasn't watched eunhyuk poetry Go check #🤳show-yourself girl Drew drew the drawing he drew yesterday from his drawer It's a song about lockdown Skrrt Skrrt Pinned a message. Super Junior oh also Happy Birthday to Mr. Hair Goals Heechul this dude HOW DARE YOU proof Pinned a message. If mara deletes or unpins this one, I am deleting her suju and cg ones

In celebration of me outperforming mara in Super Junior Exam, everyone should listen to House Party and stan Super Junior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIWdkUfZb8U Pinned a message. stan mara it had something to do with all of us are dead that's all I know I really don't know the exact context Kaleen evolved into sunflower waiting for season 2 wait, why are we still flowers? @MaralinaSakura HOW DARE YOU I sorted it out no big deal we really are like sisters Pinned a message. Pinned a message. Mara trying to annoy professional annoyer I know it because of bee's server Girl I have to wake up at 4 So sleep And certain someone forgot to wake me up you're acting as if you know who that someone is :KEK: heh that one time I rely on people instead of alarms and they betray me oh I thought you were going to suggest me a fanfiction but anyways, sleep is important tru but then again mara got me into harry potter fan fics I still haven't read/watched harry potter I don't remember 25 All the non vegetarian stuff is out of the picture Which is why my score is really high Everything including eggs is a no no for me Which is why mara always teases me for being vegetarian :KEKWhands: I had mushrooms yesterday They were yum What if they are not mutually exclusive tho Veggies can be tasty too if prepared properly Okay but not all vegetarian food is healthy For example, french fries Why would it not be vegetarian? It's literally fried potato Fjdjsjks Me trying to explain mara how I can still eat a variety of food despite being vegetarian: Same Vegetarian: no meat, eggs or sea food Vegan: no animal products, periodt There is this video I really like (it's a meme video about vegans and vegetarians) Hold on lemme find it Oh yeah I am not eating fries made in sameoil as chicken nuggets lol https://youtu.be/8yVQnZXm4jM Unfortunately she's asleep When you fry, some of the particles stay in the oil so the oil isn't *clean*? Like idk the exact term but those particles can stick to the fries and therefore people might accidentally eat chicken particles in their fries without realising It's a personal preference thing Obviously I cannot ensure that my fries are cooked separately in fast food joints so I might as well eat than stay hungry but if I have a choice, I'd rather avoid oil is not oil fun fact: it is illegal to sell non-vegetarian food in kurukshetra so the food joints like dominos and maccies only sell vegetarian options Mara: Spoilerland's legal advisor It was so funny when she told me to watch a movie pirated for the first time I was like you're asking me to watch pirated content? Very interesting Even more interesting We don't know anyone from NZ I believe is that why I drank like 5-6 litres of water during summer? interesting gave you the role I'll try to add it to #🏤role-booth soon ~~I didn't know it was role-locked until now~~ me: I am frustrated
*starts playing getting over it* man this feels so nice bahahahaha because I forgot to turn off the game last night did you give yourself the bday role? OMG YES I'll just say one word Eyeballs Lady "I never had a pet" naan of swiggy Lady Pri bhature of swiggy Wow, mlf reduced the use of emojis Just look at this Also why do her posts now say paid partnership? They are still very illegal spoilers How is she making money out of them Happy rakshabandhan! Was I not stealing Pokemon? I would have loved a rayquaza tbh Noooooo My mom always use it to wake me up 6 cup5 That's awesome! Glad the new dosage is working for you Happy birthday drew!! I invite everyone to #deleted-channel 🙂 here's my take on the above topic AFY = Always for you, the story where MC's best friend Rory is from look, if Snape doesn't die in AFY, so does Cedric so, screw you Maralina! why are we summerland 2.9? Does anyone want free data? Happy birthday metta and kio!!! My Olivia Baby Thankyou so much Milque! nice there's a bogo offer on chinese somebody stop me from buying snhdgyjsdg oh they stopped delivering chinese where I live so I'm fine I'm hungry The lunch in the dining hall is disgusting An outside food is expensive *quiet* but yeah because I got caught up with stuff including but not limited to dealing with "I know you don't know me but I love you, please give me a chance, I wanna be in a serious relationship with you" This is why Never grow up aku Remain a kid So far, yes...? Don't know about future All they have is my Instagram username Unless they somehow get my number from someone in my uni Which will be troublesome Did I mention how much I love my phone case? Needless to say, I love Patricia I also noticed one more thing Red hair, green eyes, courageous I have a type Ikrrrrr Pretty much Shhh Also heya I- All hail me! Jkjk Baby I am already the founder of chaotic crew whatchu talkin' about :zoeywink: Is anyone over here a fan of physics especially electromagnetism? Because I have a test on Monday and I know nothing about the topic :P Thanks drew and yasss i am the leader Yesh ma'am Pfft I wish it did Omggg yess Pls Yessss Lolol Why would you do this to me bel 😢 ~~i am so sending this to my uni grp~~ It's basically a whatsapp grp With all the students with the same major as me We vibe Ye that too lol Yup that's the one! Wh Ohh shoot my bad lol My acronyms have gone to the next level lmao Lol Yup 😂 I mean there are some weirdos but most of em are pretty cool This is still here omg!!! By ripping it ~~preferably using teeth~~ of course! :PBSeeIToldYouSo: Aaaaaa milque!!! So good to see you! Also your gifts were awesome! Pokemon go gifts lol Lol I go to park every now and then to replenish my pokeballs Yasss Why am I so obsessed with this game hhhdjjdjb Ikrrrr! Also yeah I have a test tomorrow 😭 I can't do this I tried okay PB should just break our hearts instead of giving us false hope Tere muh main ghee shakkar agar esa hua (if it happens, then may you have clarified butter and sugar in your mouth)

Ps. Idk the English equivalent for this so sorry 😅 It's basically a way of saying that you said a good thing and may you get prosperity if what you said comes true lol I am so bad at explaining stuff lmfao Lu gets me!!! Dw bel it's not your fault 🥺 More like I hope you are right but yeah that's the gist of it MW2 but from the perspective of dead Hayley rose... Featuring redfield and Josephine Who are just vibing with Hayley the MC She is alive in my choices universe Lol no u 🥺 I am just modded Ikrrr Victor who? Also flushed Eleanor is best eleanor And as y'all know I was always modded so... I even bought scenes I regret buying just because I could You make me want to stream THOBM now lol Yeah but after my test tomorrow lol I still haven't prepared 😭 Halp Happily ever after Actually I know it because of jane the Virgin :kek: Nuuuuu Djsjwksksks Priyudi.exe has stopped working Speaking of the test Does anyone know electromagnetism? Also there's supposed to be 4 Maxwell equations But the only Maxwell I know is Maxwell Beaumont Maxwell Beaumont is the only valid Maxwell And the only valid Beaumont That's the one. Except we need to use calculus to solve numericals and derive his equations Who's that one? Never seen but he kyoot Ooh Nice Me too UwU I forgot I said I'll stream at 1 So uhh I can stream at 1:30 if anyone wants to join. Or we can do in the evening after 5:30 Lu you should sleep No I won't because you need sleep Terrible Nahh it's fine. I just hope it doesn't count for internals Basically it was a class test. And we don't know if it'll count for our 10 marks of internal assessment Yeah. So out of 100 marks, 10 are for internals I still am not really sure how exactly does gpa works but this test may or may not account for a percentage of it Yeah 🤞 Now shut off your mobile and sleep. Because you won't want to fight sleep while on medication BBBut what did *I* do? me who still hasn't completed ch 3 of FA even tho blaine hawt : 🤡 also I was playing truth or dare with uni friends and was asked if I ever simped for someone well yeah 😂 guess what did I reply it was pre FA btw Lu.... I didn't meet you when it happened I said I simp for Olivia in TRR and showed them the pic of her in leather jacket and now Olivia has 3 more people simping for her oh yeah and then they were like ooh badass well according to PUBG it's green sooo.... uhh guys fook wrong image I did not change anything in the choices app selected one file and inspected it and got so many errors errors are basically things your computer couldn't understand in your code because you made mistakes I did have a look at some errors and its mostly missing declarations oh yeah I have been through that lmao my uni friends often send me messages like PRRIIII HELP THE CODE'S NOT RUNNING I BROKE THE SOFTWARE and I am like chill send me the ss of code ***and*** the error I mostly encounter logical errors and those are really hard to debug haven't been through exceptions yet lol *yet* this is more satisfying than bluestacks for some reason lol oof android studio I just clicked on run like I would on a normal IDE lmao but I love the phon-y look sure but its a new account so like 0 progress why did you spoiler tag that lmao matlab kuch bhi? 🤣 maybe tho I prolly won't be speaking this time just clickity clackity typing oof good luck! just a sec 2am study sessions be like: I thought getting a 100% would have given me a different message than getting like 70% lol. But I guess not Ok uhh FA peeps and a musical keyboard Not bad I guess Seduction 😉 Hasn't bolas appeared as a tv show/game/comic in any recent book yet? Poggers I was talking about how choices helped me in soo many ways yesterday in my class group. Like I think I shit talk PB the most over here, they did a lot of questionable stuff in their stories... But at the end of the day, had I not installed choices and got involved in the fandom, I would have missed out on a lot of skills and experiences. So uhh thankyou PB for making such an app I guess? And thankyou all for being such an amazing community. I wouldn't trade y'all and this fandom for anything. ~~and by fandom I mainly mean this server dhdjdjdk~~ Oki byee Love ya too! UwU Tfw Olivia still doesn't have a proper skirt Despite being a critical part in 6 freaking books She still sometimes wear that outfit tho At least even their half assets had like full drawing and colouring Unlike olivia Her asset is just... No it's not that Have you seen Olivia being somewhat naked from the bottom No other sprite has that I was literally lmaoing and facepalming when I first saw that Uhhh about that... Well the logs PB use to see where people spend most diamonds on counts the mod choices too so it's not like they'll think people hate the book or aren't supporting it financially. It's just that they know about the mod and use the logs with mod data anyway because good for them and like it could be a business strategy afterall to get people to know how good diamond scenes are... Else they would have blocked the mod a long time ago. I mean storyscapes didn't have a working mod after sometime and look where they are now XD. Zak once mentioned if you want to show you hate a book - don't play it or don't choose premium options since that would reflect in the logs Yeah But it's pb They don't give an f Yup lol The logs record the number of times a person chose a choice. So I would assume it would be like times played = 2 and times chose diamond scene = 1 Thing is they might have STH different in their minds. Like VIP. They clearly made sure VIP wasn't moddable because that would ruin them completely. They def know about the mod But they aren't releasing a patch for it They def know that people can access scripts and sprites thanks to Lin phaan mhaarco But I don't really think they know about a discord server that shares everything Keys cannot be hacked in the way diamonds can be And the way keys could be hacked by legit cutting connections to pb servers Meaning no logins no progress saves or whatever What I feel is they look at the list of people who paid (in form of vip or otherwise) and their data So like if you paid for vip and chose a scene cause mod. They'll count it Because they can easily just grab data of save states of people who spent and analyse that data And can do a culminative data analysis of miners and ftp players (and mod players) Yeah exactly I am pretty sure they have 2 teams to analyse different data and those teams never bother to tally (or just don't care) Bts of any company is always messed up And much different than what we think Yup Thing is Majority of the internet fandom That comments Is the vocal minority The silent majority is still there And we can really do nothing about it Because at the end of the day The main audience for PB is the fb moms who want toxic alpha males with family issues I mean it would be a small start. To spend actual money on things you like. And I bet many already do Yeah There's already many who do spend But they are not enough And never will be Well that's a different thing. Not everyone are financially capable and willing enough to spend hard earned money on a game I mean that would come under preference and prejudice thing... Like people will support the idea of LGBT+ focused stories but since they don't vibe with it, they would not choose those options themselves. They would be vocal about how PB should give a choice because that way their friends would be able to better connect with the stories. It's more like the good for them thing. I mean we are doing what we can but I do find it useless to hope it'll work. I am just being realistic lol I mean let's be honest. FA got gay cover and enby pronouns. So I guess it's a start. Of course we deserve much more than this but hey this means our voices are being heard. And obviously we cannot change PB to make their app more <insert any demographic other than fb moms> but yes we can get a slice of cake where we can self insert too however we want. ~~i am not enby, at least I think I am not but I still vibe with my fa enby MC sm~~ She was in sk but her husband had cancer iirc She was also in ame. Thankfully she or someone she knew didn't have cancer (not that we know of at least) You become single (and maybe not ready to mingle) by the end of the book I remember making it but I didn't know you uploaded it lmao I had like acor, moty, bb mc, Kenna and Sam on the top Idk if I can find ss that I sent here/previous spl Yup Oh shit that's true welcome to the squad yana :Dopeysad: And I guess you could hate play chapters or episodes for the time being And Marchbugs! Sofia something lol Idr the names But it's STH related to sofia Ohh lmao If you wanna know what thing in choices uses what font and what size etc. I can make a doc sometime Including links to those fonts Also if anyone wants to help me out, we can look up for book cover fonts And add that to the doc as well Ahh yeah we won't be able to do anything about those But like the ones that aren't hand made 👀 Dndnsksks I knew it I'm sorry It has been released check your mail Yeah trhol is a side story The writers do give inputs on how the character should look like, describing features like clothing style, pose, eye color, hair color, hair style to artists to align with their vision ~~i know this because Zak described how Emily's sprite was made~~ Emily was the bff in zak's upcoming story shades of qualm which was supposed to be in storyplay Holdon lemme show y'all sth https://www.reddit.com/r/AnnaGameProjects/comments/fmlkx6/dev_log_heres_a_huge_update/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share So this post has a like sneak peek for emily Doesn't matter now because both the lead writer and artist who made that sprite has left the company :kek: So shades of qualm won't be releasing in story play at least Jddksksk Looks like I gotta share her spritesheet xjsnsksk Alas she wasn't supposed to be the li There were 4 lis And the story was goc And it was a psychological thriller Zak was "Tom holland" enough to show me the first draft of chapter 1 of shades of qualm It was cute and nerve wracking at the same time These were the male and female MC designs They were planning on non customisable GOC MCs because it was the first project and they were all working for free Best part was you could decide how much MC would open up after death of their loved one And it would have had lasting effects And also helped in building MC's personality The company was shady which resulted in zak (the lead writer) and the artist leaving It was a project with potential But nothing was working out Zak did mention that he wants to work on a project like with a small team Maybe if we could get the right people I could just make #🍥can-you-keep-a-secret🍥 public and use it as a tea spilling zone :marafrogemoji: I can always take over that channel from redfield 🌚 People stream choices on Twitch??? Wow lol. Thats interesting Also the blog was really interesting. They got valid points and their edits aren't like the instagram ones (these are like really good NGL) Oh how I wish they bring back the anime style It was just so fun to look at. And the exaggerated body parts didn't really feel that bad unlike Ethan's long neck They can also implement a book with mixed art styles. Like showing a tv show in a book. So maybe like jumanji and when they are in irl world they are the "illustrated realism" style but once they enter the TV/game they become anime style I knew about taage but oof for jen Aren't there 2 jennifers at PB rn tho Jennifer young and jbh Reminds me of Hilda's submission for channel name It had raf Jackie Bryce who at the end Wait is that official djsnsksksk Oh shoot I wanna see new assets But I am lying on my bed I am kinda curious to see Lin phan mhaarco's cringy caption to the cover lmao I was dead at wanted for a boyfriend lmao Happens with me all the time lol `BOOK_VAR_INT_03_00_TIMES_SLEPT_KYRA` gets me every time 😔 `BOOK_VAR_INT_03_00_CONFLICTS_AURORA` uhhh Ookaayyyy `BOOK_VAR_INT_03_00_TIMES_FLIRTED_AURORA` see we also have the Kyra variable that was never used so I would not get my hopes up We have variables that store the number of times we supported ethan or leland 'Bloom Edenbrook Well ethanbroke sounded better but alas Wait I am in the wrong channel right Ahh I see she is still as cringy as ever Also raf is her li??? I thought it was ethan Judging by her other preferences Yeah I think so too XD Or maybe she's playing it safe by not getting the ethan hate Also that physical therapy thing... She looked into the script before posting This means either or both the things
A- she has nothing to do with her life and has it entirely devoted to posting spoilers 🤭
B - she doesn't really edit like we do. Like she would remove the gibberish but not mark things like who said what and actual choice indicators which is what takes majority of the editors' time here

Idk I haven't seen her scripts lol Yeah It should be in that order zjsjsksks I think I did it acc to their real names alphabetically Ohh this server also has tctf before acor Looks like I just opened the app and arranged it like they did it there :kek: And that order followed to spl2 What? Really? :kek: God she takes this so seriously And then there's us I wonder if she got anything to do with her life Like a day job or sth Because the time and energy she spends on this is low-key concerning ngl Djsmsldldl That's funny Ig because of the hair O.o you got a new haircut? Lol I like it Just a gentle reminder to be mindful of people who like the story and enjoy playing it. I know you people are awesome and considerate but sometimes emotions can cloud judgements leading to not so friendly conversations ✌️ Hi kyo! Wikia tries to be the source of literally everything choices because of which it also has stuff literally no one cares about Wait really? What's Bailey's last name? Oh wait Nvm It's strict for someone who's new But if you befriend the admins, you can do pretty much whatever you want Teja is indian for x...? Indian is not a language djdjsksks Atv might have some I think?? I have never looked at atv files tbh so can't comment That is very interesting Native??? Bruh Ooh Wavy hair bit not jake or mal Vewy nice I mean It's catchy Looks like ATV No, book 7 Trh bk 3 :kek: Dw i haven't played it too Yeah. But we all know this isn't the first time PB messed up in insiders They flubbed the name of mtfl with mftl C'mon PB Oregon is dying for a third book! :Dopeysad: PB's logical friend : that's oregano you doofus! The coordinates get messed up... I think that was what happened when we tried to use plutil too We are assuming those are coordinates because that's what a plist is for. It's for making a png with minimum transparent space and the file stores how to revert to og spritesheet. But we couldn't decrypt the plist because the encryption is different than what the internet knows It's the best place to look for sprites Yeah 😅  basically best place for assets didn't she go to jail in one of the endings tho? ooh then when does she die? really? Why do I not remember this dfsjkhfkdjs uhhh since it released hugyhjg aww... that's sad Probably a design. Like one of those pearl necklaces with an elaborate design on the side Too much Thomas = toomas I think he's gonna do that anyway :kek: What was the purpose of retweeting ilitw cover!!! Are we getting a sequel??? And PB is still not making a sequel??? C'mon PB look at your audience I am TE MC Badass That tuh guy is Hugh iirc And he is a brit Hmm could be. I just have one question How the heck does she find the time for all of this? Does she have nothing better to do? YOU STIL HAVE THAT HJKFCDSGBFHKD Hello :CharmanderHi: I got a 2 day break woot 9f procrastinating is enjoying then yes lmao Also :MunchlaxMunch: Don't mind me I am just enjoying the friendly banter lmao :MunchlaxMunch: So that they don't have to do 5 diff hairs for diff expressions The closest we have is either Dakota or some black LIs with really short hair Many short hair sprites don't have a hair_b file But it would be difficult to explain what files need a particular setup and what don't. So they have created this standard sprite assembly ruleset If you decode the config protobin, you can find some interesting info About sprite assembly and UI It's simpler than you think Y'know what lu? Pcf should use those hex codes for the colour chan bot lmao 🤭 basically protobins are encrypted binary forms of protos. Protos are Google's filetype that kind of looks likes JSON but is kind of different actually. It is used to store data in form of key:value pairs (sort of, they are not bound to be pairs, could be triplets, quadruplets etc) Yeah proto is the file extension and they are actually called protocol buffers Anytime :) You can't do that :judgeyfroge: And you DM me to translate stuff 🥲 Oh yeah def. They were laughing at the sights to breathe line lmao They were like - you translated one line, and you messed up so badly. Because other lines were transliterations instead of translations I wanna see them now lmao See how they wrote place names Since they messed up the spelling of upscale :MunchlaxMunch: Yes please OwO Hold on lemme charge my earphones a bit then :kek: Thanks! Yeah I told mara how even google translate could do better It's just horrible lmao Took me like a minute to understand what was written because of the weird spellings Ohhhh That does make a lot of sense lmao Should it be the श sound in luxury tho? Isn't it more like a झ? Feels more like an amalgam of झ & य tbh My friend translated breathtaking sights to लुभावने दृश्य which isn't the most accurate translation but it captures the essence of phrase better Also since it's mumbai, they should have written the board in marathi lmao Since people there speak marathi more than hindi Actually y'know what? Imma ask my friend who knows marathi to translate that board into marathi They are being charged I think it should be enough for like an hour long session Lemme bring them rq It's the different pronunciations of luxury 🙈 I don't speak cars :kek: Isn't it ironic that mr. Red is actually black? Yeah but still. Wouldn't it be cool if Mr. Red's sprite was actually red? Lol :redfieldangry: He does have shades of red In his angry sprite Yeah 😂 20 rupees? That's less than a dollar... Same lol Dhsjsksk I think first book completed was thobm Try changing the region in links. Works like a charm for me Ok but while we are at it, can we have MC with different body types I find the main wedding ceremony tiring lol the side festivities like mehendi sangeet are okay mhmm yeah I have attended a few weddings, and if you are from groom's side, weddings are fun but the bride's side, it's just exhausting lol also a bride's wedding festivities last almost a week while a groom's only last like 2-3 days It's a cloth that men wear as a skirt-ish south Indian style of wearing dhoti north indian style of wearing dhoti didn't he wear a maharashtrian kurta? instead of dhoti his outfit was sth like this iirc? except the pant was a lil loose and the cap was a muslim one nahh I don't think any of these disguises had a dhoti I don't remember seeing this one lol. It's a pathani kurta he's a hitman, he IS evil lmao yup it is basically a loin cloth yeah only difference is names and wearing style so, in north india, you'd fold it between your legs to make it more pant style and call it dhoti
in south however, they just wrap it around, sometimes folding it to reduce height for better movability and call it lungi the cloth is same tho ,im dhoti that's a north indian style it kind of is basically they wrap the cloth around their waist Cutie :uwuhappy: Why did ub3r not work 🥲 Really? What is the new limit now? Tis a secret 😂😂 #🍥can-you-keep-a-secret🍥 (you only get access to it on your bday) Now drew be looking forward to his bday 😂😂 I like how it started out as a prank bit is now a bday celebration channel Basically I secretly created a channel before sleeping and all the staff members were like wtf is this You cannot panic and eat popcorn simultaneously - Voltra, 2021 How should I start a mail to my school teacher whom I haven't talked to in around 3 years but I need a referral from her now This is my draft so far and I am stumped on how should I ask her Without sounding like I am only contacting because I need a referral and I used to be her fav student https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/discord-ai-chatbot/

Mwahahahahaa ...so who should it be? Threep is indeed an interesting character lol But I don't think he has enough dialogues to train the bot Perhaps someone from a triology or characters that appear too often Maybe Olivia or Scott lee ~~or ethan~~ Gaius could work I just realised... I only have the protobins... Not a script sort of where I can train on gaius' dialogues So I'll have to manually create Gaius' dataset 🥱 Too much work https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-extract-text-from-images-with-python-db9b87fe432b With this I would just need all the screenshots of all the dialogues in order Fair But I can generate a script that auto extracts text from screenshots and stores in the desired format Didn't Adam had that one from bolas? Where MC's body becomes black And then the neck disappears I get why they did not consider Olivia or aurora though. Like OH still technically has 4 LIs (and let's be honest if they cannot treat those LIs fairly, then how can we expect aurora would get a fair treatment?) And TRR I guess Maxwell is more popular than Olivia and they couldn't fit more than 4 LIs so :NM_peepoShrugSmile: Indeed Guess she's only gonna exist in AUs and fan fics but we do love ourselves a slow burn and that would just add to her personality :kekwboom: Accurate they want the vocal fandom to not complain since bad market rep and they know silent majority loves this Which of the two icons is cooler? Ironically, the top one took around 6 hours to make while the bottom one only took like 15 mins (not made by same person btw) Question What is better? Dealing with mental stress your cousins give Or being upfront that you don't like them and don't wanna talk to them? That's what I said! But my dad calls me "anti-social" and "villain" for doing so It is! They want me to be an ideal child who loves all the relatives even if they are a pain in the ass So, my uncle called my dad while he was out of town to get my number so that his son could get some "career guidance" from me. Yeah? You want to get advice from someone you frown upon to take a gap year? Anyways, my dad gives my number and calls me to inform that my uncle or cousin would call me seeking guidance, just a heads up. And my uncle and aunt are the type of people who'd stalk other kids on social media while their kids write poems on heartbreak and betrayal. So, I sort of scolded my dad because I know once they have my number, they'd think it's free real estate and call/message me anytime for the silliest of things. There's a reason I tend to stay away from them. And on call, my dad said he's sorry and he won't give my number without my permission. I thought he understood. But, he said everything I said verbatim to my uncle making me the villain and saying that I am not social enough. Like boiii. Though my uncle hasn't contacted me on my number so I'll take being a villain tbg But my dad is really disappointed in me lol Ooh looks like PB is trying its best to prevent TOS breach lmao Also about the recent twitter post Lily would be great for someone like me since we can talk about games and tech Scott lee and Maxwell would make the environment so light, we wouldn't even realize when the 12 hours are up Also lily would love hanging out with Scott lee and Maxwell and I would love to hang out with them Also I have a interview at 9:30 but I can't get myself to sleep Why is this world so brutal for night owls :e_minor: I wish I studied and worked at US while living in India so that I would have to do everything at night Just checked insta stories and PB featured a reply that said ethan ramsey Can't say anything about book 1 ethan but if we are talking ethan after book 3, why would anyone want a whiny manchild on a roadtrip for 12 hours? I can't stand him for a minute let alone half a day Even book 1 ethan would be boring tbh but I guess ethan romancers can doodlydo with him since they'll be alone in the car And ethan can let his guard down I didn't really romance anyone in book but having bryce on roadtrip would have been spicy in more ways than one :garbryce: ytrdrydyr I didn't know that was a thing :eyes_zoom: which book, which chap Its prolly late book 2 or bk 3 since I played like 16 chaps of bk 2 looks I gotta continue my playthrough :dogewink: haha thanks Moty? I like how each image reminded me of a person from this server :kek: should've kept the OH food at the end tho sofia the mafia the.... place? face race blaze nope is the weather better over there adam? :UmiYay: hopefully it doesn't start flickering again and the weather gets nicer too i guess yeah but redfield won't play with you it's not over redfield kicked you that redfield will answer idk XD We'll reveal it tomorrow (maybe, actually don't count on it :KEKWhands: ) :heyyyyyypb: More like chapters character I can see it the outfit, skin-tone, hair :PBSeeIToldYouSo: I am discussing the spoilers in the thread so the channel should be safe I guess :kek: my only post on tumblr :KEKWhands: (idk why the image isn't loading 🥲) These are trending searches where I live and 
1. :wut: 
2. :samhelpme: 
3. :ConfusedCat: 
4. :youwot: 
5. :okboomer: 
6. :okboomer: 
7. :MunchlaxMunch: 
8. :blob_thumbs_up: 
9. :JoJoThink: 
10. :butwhy: I'm akshay kumar bell bottom :NM_peepoShyhide: oof at the roof collapse ngl I have become a bit insensitive to covid these days. Like it has lasted so long it feels like it's never gonna go away and I just have to deal with it if that makes sense idk who matt geetz is ncjisnfc then why is he popular in singapore lol for chrome, open an incognito window and see what it suggests. That won't be affected by your previous searches sfhberhbfeurhfb right incognito mode on mobile doesn't allow screenshots is that a new tiktok trend or sth? ahh explains why its trending :kek: all these questions are legit What Really Wow Looks like that's their solution to the new normal lol what can I say... I am a really demanding co-ordinator :KEKWhands: found this in app files... is this new? labeled as category button horror all series romance oh has been a while since I had a look tbh :boi: why does yours look different tho i think you got a diff app also we are not paying for something we don't know is gonna be useful or not we are responsible people lu we don't waste money really? :MunchlaxMunch: wow that's a generous time frame why are we *investing* in illegal stuff tho :KEKWhands: not if they involve hard earned money just how I like it :KEKWhands: It was supposed to be an archive with all the assets and code but I opened it in a text editor without unzipping it so it tried to convert that binary to text :KEKWhands: hey @Arzaylea do you happen to have apktool installed on your laptop? Shots! Shots! Shots! Of water Hello zoomers! I wanted to know what does 🇺 🇷 💳 mean :) WE WANNA SEE CHINESE GAIBOOOOOOO sexy .img 1001 gaius looks pretty vampire-y ig like the pale skin ouch I'll have to agree yakuza is like japanese mafia idk my brother plays the video game series he can explain better :KEKWhands: HERE I AAAAAAAAMMMMMM she does not look like a Priya Speaking from my experience of seeing around 10 Priyas in my lifetime priya kinda looks like sadie I was just about to say he looks like a porcelein doll lol anyways, mara is indeed chinese gaiboo simp 🙂 Thomas who? ooh I thought we were still talking TRR lmao are nipples banned in china or sth? DESAI IS A FRICKING SURNAME HOW IS IT BEING USED AS A FIRST NAME WHAT IN THE WORLD IS HAPPENING ALSO WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD YOU TURN A PRETTY LADY INTO ***THAT***! Teja is a gender neutral name they could have very well used that itself for the male version I haven't watched that movie :KEKWhands: lmao she looks pretty OWO but also suffers from tiny head syndrome OOOHHHH ANOTHER PYTHON BUDDY BUT PYTHON'S SOOOO COOOOOL!!!!!!! :pythonamongus: It's likely gonna be like - 
VIP ch 9 free ch 1
VIP ch 10 free ch 2 And so on Definitely hotstar does this for all it's TV serials but on a shorter span. Like episodes release a day in advance than their TV telecast perhaps ig we'll know 2 months later anyway If you see their recommendation system in the code Companies usually use some sort of AI for recommending (it's not that hard) And PB has hard-coded all the recommendations Basically their recommendation system is -
RCD : show books not played by user from this stack : list of some books So if you finish a book it'll show you books from that list that you haven't completed And it'll keep doing that until it is out of recommendations They perhaps forgot to add avsp to that list Which is why Adam could not see it I can get you the scripts but it's gonna take some time to figure out the shortest playthrough since the scripts don't have the choice separation lol yeah I'm posting them in #👰rules-of-enslavement :kek: I think it was @( ˶ᵔ༝ᵔ˶) milquetoast ♡ 's idea??? earlier it used to be rules of heteronormitivity or sth like that mine would be 🎮 and I love the LI alloted to my bday month :MunchlaxMunch: :MARAONLY: ~~Me has a shiny samurott in pokemon go~~ I tried taking a pic using AR but this thing is *HUGE* ~~He's named Kevin after the blue samurai power ranger~~ Yeah I am not really creative with names :KEKWhands: Aww thankyou :dogeheart: I named a shiny machop after my friend and like gave the picture as a gift for her birthday :KEKWhands: She does not play Pokemon so she didn't understand what was so special about a shiny machop :KEKWhands: why does book 2 cover beckett look like he would wear a piercing in a single ear :KEKWhands: yeah but like it feels he would only wear it in a single ear instead of both :kek: ohhh I romanced nobody so I got a different CG nice everyone invited me to prom it was so cute maybe the wiki has it? dayum even tumblr has only maria, michael and aiden that's sad just download the last chap's protobin and look for the cg there :KEKWhands: looks pretty cool all the books with the LGBTQ+ tag like mtfl, FA etc. bc the pair is as sweet as a cordonian ruby sorry not sorry I know read it again it's sarcasm exactly :kek: amongus what? I actually don't remember ever commenting something like that fshcbjhrbf Wasn't the vip mod just a skin? Like there wasn't anything actually VIP Layhurs is def the choices geek of our server :KEKWhands: I used to be up to date with all releases before witness happened :raifepain: Gotta love these comments :kek: If only they knew the truth rjsbfhsrbfsbehf THEY REALLY THINK IT'S A GLITCH HAPPENING TO MULTIPLE PLAYERS I- :heheadrian: that's layhurs and yes we started something crazy :MunchlaxMunch: h o t still h o t Spam it in #🤖bots-and-pets-uwu Lol Ayy look it's my German notebook from 6th grade :KEKWhands: I have no idea tbh. Idek what it means I have forgotten all the German I learnt The only thing I remember from my German class is relieving on the fact our national anthem is just 52 seconds while theirs was over 2 minutes We only had sanskrit and German :KEKWhands: I opted for sanskrit but convinced the teacher to allow me to ask doubts in her free time so I learnt German unofficially Goooo for itttttt!!!! Because you are only one who doesn't feel lazy on typing devnagari lmao :wut: Oo I use the handwriting one on my phone but I am still lazy lmao I got that but the rule is so dumb lol जन गण मन अधिनायक जय हे 
भारत भाग्य विधाता 
पंजाब सिंध गुजरात मराठा
द्रविड़ उत्कल बंग 
विंध्य हिमाचल यमुना गंगा
उच्छल जलधि तरंग 
तव शुभ नामे जागे 
तव शुभ आशिष मांगे 
गाहे तव जय गाथा 

जन गण मंगल दायक जय हे 
भारत भाग्य विधाता
जय हे जय हे जय हे 
जय जय जय जय हे ~~no I did not decide to copy it from the internet after writing like 2 lines~~ This obnoxious little bitch turned my water intake from 1 glass a day to 4 glasses a day :raifepain: Yesterday - 3
Today (so far) - 4

Earlier - 1 (sometimes 1 glass in 2 days) Tho i do drink 2 glasses of milk everyday with occasional 1 cup of coffee The power of milk buddy :kek: I never felt thirsty after drinking coffee :samhelpme: Thirst is also an inside thing I believe 🙂 I guess my body is coded differently :KEKWhands: Hey! I can appreciate art Uhhh Now i def feel I'm an android Rip Is that supposed to be a desert? I can see what you mean now Mara stop making me feel more like an android :KEKWhands: Ufff i was so scared lmao A simple solution for this would be making different versions of app for different regions. So regions where smut is banned won't get to play books tagged 17+ like tna and surrender but they can still play bolas, it lives, hss etc. Although this would also mean that the quality of smut would deteriorate in books like trr (and other non 17+ books). Since they have figured out the vip free parallel release thing, they can re-use that mechanic to add region lock Radio Jockey My initials are PS Omg same :kek: Cuuute Y'all :kek: Papa Rourke ain't so baf Bad* cute I want a similar emote but for samantha massey because at one point dave says that she looks like 😍 emoji when she was fangirling not the anime textbox :KEKWhands: :MunchlaxMunch: Let me see what can be done I have told it to shut the fuck up I would never call bots stupid useless piece of trash! They are like little babies that only do stuff they are asked to do! Their developers however Sometimes, babies need a lil bit yelling do we need a non NSFW cursed chat? :nevertm: -bel, 2021 she looks evil wdym somebody bring a nail filer to file his teeth :kek: - says person with huge front teeth oh god y'all don't realize an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind which is why I mean what I said lmao at least he doesn't have the bulge or maybe just use #😨scary-content-only and people can safely opt out by muting the channel Also just to be clear, #😨scary-content-only is the non NSFW cursed content channel that won the poll So anything cursed but not explicit (like yassified edits) can go there That's because I made it recently lol Debatable but okay Some other time lmao OUR BANNER IS BACK :danceCoolDoge: I still remember my conquest for nitro started when I wanted to use :UmiYay: :deargodhelp: unless it involves olivia and/or amalas, I don't want cordonia forever lol I have it open but I'll need earphones to hear what she's saying and I am too lazy to get it The watermarks aaaaa is this entirely bsc characters? oop My darkest desire is to eat. periodt. I am craving for idiyappam since yesterday but we had pizza on friday so I don't think my mom is gonna let me have outside food this soon lol maybe after a day or two I made me memojis :MunchlaxMunch: I wouldn't be surprised if that happened lol Host a TV show with teeril I really don't want to tho, at least not with him Hi Adam! I would attend their concerts and buy DVDs and all the good stuff Yasss But what would the band be called? LMAO Mara Because she will be marrying Quinn Honestly? I gotta agree with layhurs here Even tho winter weddings make you wear thicc jackets on top of your beautiful dresses I have attended both summer and winter weddings and I prefer winters y'all really chose death huh pfft week by week https://www.sporcle.com/games/chaatfart/deewangi-deewangi-actors @unforgivablespelling @conceptualisedbygogol @Akuna Matata @Kaleen Bhaiya i dare y'all to try this and post your scores here. No cheating Also this one's tougher because they want the names in order of appearance And I didn't know that before writing 5 different spellings of salman It seems this is the only one available so I guess I'll just my own deewangi deewangi actors quiz on sporacle lmao What the hell! Why does Wikipedia say Zac Efron was in om shanti om??? Like when where how https://www.sporcle.com/games/priyudi/deewangi-deewangi-actors Disclaimer: it is my first sporacle quiz. I made it on mobile at 2:30am Anyways have fun! Also I prolly should have kept 5 minutes as the timer but w/e Also this only includes cameos So no srk, Deepika or other actors that were part of the movie And also, only contains people who appeared in the song. So no akhay kumar etc Niceee Was it fun? Or boring? :MunchlaxMunch: Then try the one I made, it's not in order There's so many actors you can get at least 10 right by just guessing popular actor Not here, the quiz Try remembering actresses srk did films with. Will fill a nice chunk he is probably testing for iOS :KEK: I can't even wish that because I end giving all the money to my parents :KEKWhands: I have always been doing that :raifepain: lol I do have money in my bank account so I can use UPI whenever because I am stupid with cash and my dad refills the account whenever I am running low bartie pout is a mood mm not bad I did this with my eyes closed so ignore the bad cropping I'd have set MCs with more character and background over bland customizable MCs any day Same goes for LIs Something like what the romance club Indian book did would be nice... Like have all MCs be black but with different features Mmmm yesss Also best part about having a culturally well defined MC (if done right, of course, I don't want another panipuri for dinner) is you get to know those cultures well which I find really cool Sad but true. It's better to have really low expectations and then have them exceeded than being disappointed I tried it today but I am too lazy to do the emoji thing wow that's actually not at all romantic or sexual I am surprised inchresting I couldn't sign up for beta because fuck uni wifi for literally blocking PB's website looks like storyloom is being made in unity which means no plist or proto crap but easier for them to encrypt assets and such hmm I am looking forward to check it out RIP maxwell and Raf stans also the Sam, sam, sam feels funny :KEK: also their posters cost 830 INR (excluding taxes and shipping)... bruh I can literally get the same poster printed for 15 INR I can basically get 55 posters for the price of one insane why is she so high in the thumbnail konsa maal phoonka h ~~no I am not translating that because this sentence is best in hindi~~ pfft no I meant high as in drugs I have been making too much of these drugs related jokes ever since I started living on campus this being one of them lol oh god https://tenor.com/view/coke-gif-20912928 like this? :KEK: I like how despite all of that, the first thing she did was close the bottle with her hands Ahhh you have to look at the pins in #🔇no-mic-chat For the context lmao :KEK: I had so much fun with that :heheadrian: I need to figure out an easier way to make those glitches to make better ones Share it metta So i can analyse all the bugs And yeet out all the assets And maybe future info I love the fact that mara is having a stroke and it's not because of me it's because you wanted CassAndroid :CattoLaugh: made it is an overstatement she's still a WIP gamer, duh the food book I think Slow burn I was gonna write cook book but that would have meant different this feels so wrong it zoomed on their abdomen and thighs instead of face sirfsbrfaehbrf why is this my tagline at a website this? I honestly don't remember when did I do that does anyone remember the releases b/w jan-march 2021 and jan-march 2022? I was looking at Nexon's financial statements for fun and Choices showed a decrease in year on year revenue this quarter and is expected to show a decrease in next quarter too I was trying to find my movie list from old spl messages and I found a joke I made about PB instead not sure if I should post because it's talking about a serious topic I love these names 🙂 I'm on my mobile Ask mara ... no Fidj sa sksksks A blade with 2 sides Almost thought this was ROD2 Hell yeah Sakura! You cannot stop me from having gamer girl gf tfyvgfvfjh Ping me when the description for loa 2 is up Imma edit that bad boy Surprised BB isn't there given how much you love gaiboo omg I remember that :KEK: Y'all I need suggestions for my phone cover any choices theme in mind? .img bloodbound .img bloodbound 1 .img bloodbound 3 or maybe this one actually, I'll change it because this is not my adrian ye the one in image is white mine was hispanic aaaaaaa thankyouuu so much but it has others too if only Olivia had a nice CG Lily and Jax are hiding behind the camera cutout :KEKWhands: :KEKWhands: If I can get the logo down/remove it, it'll look good this is awful on several aspects .img the royal heir book 4 yeah no ~~that requires me to have that drive link bookmarked somewhere~~ Thanks btw bel Pin in in #choices-database-links Thanks! Noiceeee Girl It's custom Better than getting it officially from pb Pb's ones cost like 12 usd I think No idea Americans answer Probably sleeping I'll be getting any one of these Which one tho is the question 🙂 Magic Or should I say Magick I am a woman of many talents That's Patricia drawn by Mari Ohalloween#8391 it's literally my pfp lol ~~I may or may not have a type~~ She is from Mara's hp fanfic a badass yeah because it's the channel we store all the secret links in Emi's assets drive: https://drive.google.com/drive/mobile/folders/1d4LsN44WULNf3dtmFLjFQziX84rNRJtb Pinned a message.