Sounds delicious (and disastrous) Good luck! It'll be delicious! Enjoy cooking it with patience and love Looks lovely!  How does it taste? Aw it's okay All that's important is that it tastes good The Arcana deserves to be 1st  @kioverity let's continue here Oh sweet I left the fandom and game once Portia's route got completed Like, I'm attached to the characters in it:KEKWhands: But I never came across this before Ar-canikickthem?-na Ahh the ads.... Let's just say those managers smoke the same thing PB does while making ads Ah yes Game of Sultans This and Call me Emperor These two games have ridiculous ads :wut: Those angry reviews OMG  They might be the demographic these apps are searching for the way I ran over here immediately only to find this lmfao Yeah they do it everytime a new book releases They gotta download those assets (it was the auto-correct not me) Awww a gweenbewwy :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :DogeLick: **Happy Birthday dear Mara!** I'm impressed by their acting lmfao They didnt even giggle or fluttered their eyes damn Ouch I'll be there....to watch from front seats I would love to see more cursed edits Also photoshop is really complicated lol Maid outfit  This isn't cursed, this is beauty THEY'RE SO CUTE As I was saying, Photoshop is complicated and I didn't succeed in using it Did you say Garlic bread???? Garlic bread HEAVEN :takemymoney: Ace army rise up GIMME GIMME Ugh I'm starving again brb Dude you had to remind me of pav bhaji in lockdown??? /lh I know But look Pav Bhaji from stalls   Seriously tho I miss pav bhaji, vada pav and Pani Puri :Dopeysad: :Dopeysad: And garlic bread too Same here ajshahsgsbsj Luckyyyyyy It's heaven VADA PAV In which city??? Ugh I'm in my bed rn, starving with all this food talk Ohhhh Well good luck And I'd join Oh a fellow Marathi!! It's good to see I'm not the only one ajsvshwhs Noooo why would you do that?! /lh What's a float? Soda with whipped cream?? Valid :threep: You're not the only one That sounds like.... Donuts. Unless they are donuts I've neither had a donut nor a kool aid in my entire life Awww Honestly same here but with ice cream in summers I'll see if my city has any donut shops You're not alone lmao I don't have a sweet tooth either Why did auto-correct do that I can only eat 2 scoops of ice cream and one slice of cake. After that, definitely I'd say no Cause 1) I don't like sweet that much 
2) I get nauseous if I eat the normal amount of sweet Tfw you find out your name actually means 'Desire' :kek::butwhy: Lol Aku is the short for of my real name. My real name means Desire *form But yeah, +Aku works too ajshehwjwjw :kek::killme: Pri  Me
Name meanings What if the choice options come??? Our math teacher does the same He takes 30 mins extra saying he's gonna solve one more example ........... Typical soap opera Hindi or Marathi? Then idk what show it is lol But still.... Weird :butwhy:  Did she return? Lol that song is deadly hammering Cordonia that you?  Same here I'm simply tired of them They added it recently I guess I was thirst trapped by these mfs...
They used Garlic bread for the advertisement  Reddit does what now :wut: Me, a 2D digital artist: :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: Realising it's PB: :PleasePBJustStop: :PleasePBJustStop: Lmfao internship? At PB? 
"Are you comedy me?" We don't even live in the same continent akdjwjjwwk Still no, PB is shitty  They don't pay female employees equally Lmfao I had a dream that I was cleaning public toilets :killme: Pls stay safe Adam! Sending all the prayers  Please take care pal   Good morning! :aislame: *Bosses* What is it??? Wait wait what? New font??? When? How? Where??? Yeah that I know The blurple hurt the eyes But the font??  Also glad it went back to the og color Yup It's the same logo as earlier Aakssbshsb I wanted to give the catchy apps a catchy name Hmmmm must be my screen brightness then I keep it on low Like, really low This low, in the middle of day  But yeah I guess you're righ Congratulations :heheadrian: :heheadrian: Lmfao And the content on Prime is better than PB ~~except you can't change the MC and LI according to your will~~ :MunchlaxMunch: Drew's an adult now *sniff* they grow up so fast :KEKWhands: It's for "No" Help I've sneezed more than 20 times in a row rn Bel  :KEKWhands: Not that I mind tho Lol it actually suits me akebebdjej I've got some underlying allergy whose trigger is yet to be found Lmfao Aku isn't my real name, my real name is too difficult for people handle so I think I feel her pain   Atleast they didn't call her "Aksoo" or "Askoo" :judgeyfroge: Lol let's say my name, my last name and my pen/brush/pencil holding technique is the most controversial topic in questions asked to me Even now my school spells/pronounces my name and last name incorrectly. I just left defending it akebeheheb Same here lol like "Hey you write upside down? Maybe because you're left handed you write upside down? Does your hand hurt?" Like girl I write like this since I was 3! :KEKWhands: I once (accidentally) made a loud annoyed sound when our Hindi sir pointed out my writing technique and since that day no one asked me about my writing style My parents just got used to it
My relatives however..... I still feel bad for making the sound tho, he was just kidding around  SAME HERE Them: oh you're left handed!
Me: yes I'm left handed 
1 year later: 
Same relative: oh you're left handed!
Me: yes I'm left handed You think this is disasterous? Mine is even worse Fortunately my dad wins the worst handwriting ever award so I'm able to decipher these handwritings This one's kinda hard tho:GabeThink: Or you can write something rn on a piece of paper (: Pri you trying to find a cure to PB's bullshit? Drew I need more of these sleepy pics :takemymoney: :bestinshow: :dogeheart: :Dopeyhappy: :freyjawao: :UmiYay: SO. CUTE. Fluffball :dogeheart: :Dopeysad: You're more than welcome to share them 
*infact I'm gonna force you to now* A fluffy pic every morning? Makes my day ajswbjeksxur r Agh I just wanna scratch his head And ears I'm really sorry Drew, Rusty was a diamond :dogeheart: *sigh* my mom doesn't let me have a pet lol just because she thinks they pee and poop everywhere Yeah my mom says "let your brother turn 15 then we'll have a pet" like mom would I even be here???  I'll probably go out for education Queen  :MunchlaxMunch: :kek: I don't wanna pronounce that name :samhelpme: :MARAONLY: I'd like to hear the story behind this emoji :MARAONLY: Lmfao Same here lol Chicken burgers and fries are good Some cheap meat sold under the name Chicken What if the mystery meat is... ...of rat? You don't? Ate garlic bread right now, my chest flaming but my heart's full :DogeLick: :oliviastab: I can never eat beef  It's only chicken and fish for me :UmiYay: Metta knows how to end a convo Burgers are round
Sandwiches are square/triangle/rhombus Burgers use sesame buns 
Sandwiches use bread Ugh Lol I can't find a counter reply I'm too tired Burgers and Sandwiches are different in their own unique way but they both are superior What's about Oreo then? It's a sandwich too It's literally called a cookie sandwich Cookie is just a sweet crunchy bread too if you think burger buns are bread ~~(God I need to improve my English)~~ Even cake is bread Wait, does putting the filling inside two cake sheets make it a sandwich too? It's icing I'm saying everything according to this  News flash: Cake is sandwich New flash: Bel and Aku put more fuel into this chaos This GIF loops perfectly omg I love it when GIFs loop perfectly it's so satisfying to watch Chocolate sauce as a topping Chocolate is my favorite  Yeah, we don't eat meat sandwiches actually lol 
Its just cheese/veggies/spreads/chutneys for us I never had Hershey's chocolate syrup Also ofc I meant melted chocolate Then I'm glad I never had it aksnenrjxdj My uncle used to bring Kisses for me. I love them especially the cookies and cream and caramel milk ones He once brought mint candy cane and only I was able to enjoy them akebejxjx A whole pack to myself  But yeah that's all I ever had from Hershey's I thought her dialogue said "Quit" :kek: :judgeyfroge::samwtf: Lol I remember once my family was having vanilla ice-cream and since I like chocolate more I decided to add some chocolate syrup in it. 
And my family shot me a weird look Chocolate with banana? :ruserious: Same here lol Dairy Milk is the best
End of discussion :Facepalm: NO WAIT Dairy Milk is a chocolate bar From Cadbury company Silk is such a scam lol I was never able to differentiate between OG and Silk I once ate bubbly and it felt like I was eating a chocolate cake Welp I don't eat Dairy Milk currently cause I create my own chocolates using compounds  Lmfao yes its just inflated chocolate sold under 80 INR for the smallest size Will do ~~once I restock the compounds akdndjxjdndnr~~ Buffalo milk superior (it's the only milk I ever had) Lol now I started drinking cow milk and.... Yeah I still like Buffalo milk There are plant based WHAT It's thicker and doesn't smell And it's really recommended to use in milkshakes and milk based drinks https://tenor.com/view/buffalo-eating-buffalo-relax-down-time-gif-7235600 Drew it doesn't moo Wait does it? Call it Buff instead Drew
Moo is for the cows *starts bellowing* The only milk I ever had are cow and buffalo milk _ Because they're fictional Honestly we don't deserve cats and dogs  FLOP :gorguetea: So peaceful :bestinshow: Just so you know I'm gonna steal those plants from you now Ah yes, Drew's ultimate tactic to make me cry :BeauBait: FLOOFBALL I LOVE YOU :Dopeysad::dogeheart: They're all starting from A   I don't know anything about Hamilton so I'm trying to understand lmfao Lol okay But tbh... 
...I never saw a musical But I love the names you've given lol They're all correctly planned and not like "Yeah Imma throw a name in here" and I love it What if I say no? Guess who played Never Gonna Give You Up in the voice chat while everyone was joined in it :MunchlaxMunch: :judgeyfroge: Science?! I never had tofu lol Infact I thought paneer and tofu were the same thing until last year Same scenario here lmfao Gogle also mean Sunglasses  Those are swimming gogles These GTCs have the same energy as "Put a  emoji after every dialogue a teacher has said to you" And boy was it uncomfortable iwnensnebsns :wut: :ruserious: I miss it when the math problems were "If I have 673 watermelons and my friend wants 498, how many watermelon do I have to give him?" LMFAO wait I wrote it wrong I meant "How many do I have left?" so I'd do the subtraction  :KEKWhands: But still, I'm really really jealous of my sibling :this: I wanna ||kill|| whoever added letters in math but assuming the year I think they're already dead Lol everyone has their favorites :angydoggo: Hey Drew I need this dog's full picture if you have one ANGY POMERANIAN :freyjawao::Dopeyhappy: Thanks Drew Awwweee lol I saw this message just now aksbshehebvx :dogewink: :dogewink: @Priyudi you saw the latest news? everyone's crying in here (Not me tho I'm immune to crying) Atlas!! Hi!!! Yeah he's poope Lmfao :kek: I'm too lazy to type your whole name  :bestinshow: *eating dark chocolate* yeah I'm hungry too Honestly chocolate syrups are just cocoa powder mixed in corn syrup and milk Atleast it tastes like that Check the news channel Yeah I was gonna ask the same thing Yup Lol people around me are sad af I'm surrounded by his fans LMFAO these articles Oh my god Mara WHY I'm nauseous :blobsweat::youwot::PleasePBJustStop: You're safe lol Either you missed it or you're joking Lmfao you definitely missed it Good, stay like that DON'T PLZ DON'T PRI I know they're fake... (plz say they're just doggo shaped nuggets) :wut::HOLUP::niapanic: Lol they're not actually fried it's just they have really bad fur Lmfao got me there ngl But then I unleashed my eagle eyes Thanks :zoeywink: heyheyhey Just had lunch, gonna practice for the performance now A band of 4 students performing for Teacher's day I'm the vocalist Thankies :dogeheart: I had my fair share yesterday Good morning I'm back to regretting my every life choice lol, what about you? Best of luck :ethonk: WAIT WE HAVE AN ETHONK STICKER IN THIS SERVER SINCE WHEN? Omg I'm addicted to this sticker I spam it everytime :kek: soup :kek: Wait today isn't Monday??? :niapanic: :huh: I, on the other hand, am enjoying this masterpiece Hey free Nitro's ending in like, 3 days? Gotta flex more than ever now You're gonna become like us now :SONIAWINK: You're gonna buy nitro :ethonk: Lol enjoy then INR 850 pm is.... :ethonk: I'd rather buy the shadow pass for 850 pm 450? I don't see a 450 one Yeah it's 430 actually Spend 430 on nitro and buy four Rs.5 Maggi packets with the rest :kek: Honestly 850 and 430 one are basically same... But 850 has more amount than 430 Hey @Priyudi can you send me the "yeeted to the max" and "Olivia stab" sticker pngs? :yeetedtothemax: and :oliviastab: ones Their pngs or jpgs Thanks!  *Laughs in a airtel family plan of 5 devices with unlimited data* 1000 per month tho heyhey Time to suffer huh  namaskar So rahe hai hum Tum batao Nahi re amhi marathit boltoy Ho  Mala watla tumhala mahit asel lol Me sangu nahi shakat for the sake of cyber security Me marathi ahe asa sangitala hech jasta zala  Alright going back to English before Mara kicks me Yeah you're like, no 2 Marathi person I know Bet half the people don't even use discord No I didn't :niapanic: Happy Ganesh Chaturthi to you too  Even if they're mentioning a different Mara? Or when I send "usne mujhe mara"? Lol Mara did a shit job In Cordonian security :furballhappy: Idk I stopped playing Chonces :MunchlaxMunch: I'm too immersed in SF3 I even forgot Choices existed for some time Yeah I noticed her pfp and banner Happy International Pri is Poor Day  :MunchlaxMunch: Me too lol I've been teasing Pri and Kaleen Bhaiya about it since day before yesterday :gorguetea: You bought nitro? :garbryce: "Oh you always used to hide in one of our closets!" 
"I used to give you chocolate bars, remember?" 
"I used to change your diaper when you were little!" Wh-why's it happening??? I use Dark mode too, but it never happened with me :ethonk: *cries in not available here* https://tenor.com/view/robert-downey-jr-face-palm-iron-man-rdj-why-gif-10994785 Time to scavenge for more music bots Wait Rythm is getting shut down day after tomorrow  I question Insta fandom everytime Happy Birthday dear Kio :BooParty::CharmanderHi::Dopeyhappy::UmiYay: heyheyhey *Adds yet another food ||assault|| done to Maggi* NOOOOOOOO Lol I'll never have the "too much spice" phase (: Lol fair Maggi definitely shouldn't go with curd Tbh Maggi shouldn't go with anything except cheese :ethonk: Wow It's only if your have nitro But yeah it's out :zoeywink: :threep: Ah she fell again :SONIAWINK: Pri it's 10 in the morning :ruserious: Sleep babe Complete that 8 hrs of sleep Priy She needs to sleep dude shut up :cooldown: A discord friend of mine created a code message for me using their favorite band's concerts and that's the first time someone did that I'm so happy rn  :dogeheart: Wait this was an option? :judgeyfroge: :GabeThink: That looks realistic :ethonk: I'm pretty sure I'm shorter than you but still, c'mere Bel 
*hugs you* I feel you :butwhy: I called them Ear buds Oh sweet! Another tag to my profile ...Arr? Arrrrr *takes out the sword* I never used Reddit:heheadrian: GREAT! 
Now give'em all to me so I can celebrate peacekeeper's peace got disturbed @Belbercike hey hey hey I have cold :'D Hey Bel/Patrick just so you know I'm gonna steal your cat one day :BeauBait: (:< :takemymoney: He said yes! *ahem*
SHE SAID YES! A 15 y/o couple being all lovey dovey on the playground in a strict school I mean, ||beating is kind of allowed in some schools|| So that is why she's given the tittle of "Chaotic" Dear god :raifepain: Mom my artwork's famous :bestinshow: Turns out you did forget her And how famous that nickname became that sometimes I forget her name is Priya, not Priyudi :zoeywink: Hate it when that happens *slowly slowly backs away* *Dashes away* Bold of you to assume they aren't married to him already I'm always right  Thankies! :UmiYay: Oh God what happened to the #epic-moments channel?? So many starred messages :kek: Also WE HAVE LORD POMPY STICKER :pomg: :pomg: :pomg: :pomg: :pomg: Ooooh :pomg: :pomg: CUTIE Happy Oct 1st Drew, our beloved gay ass simp
 :dogeheart::CharmanderHi: Hey he's our beloved gay ass simp shut up   Bel remove the tooth and put a simple latern in there instead I mean, the tooth doesn't look good with a coffin Vampires have canines, not molars :youwot: Here, have a Barry to reduce your anger: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :heyyyyyypb: Jokes aside, that's sucks Hate it when you're saying something and people don't listen I'd probably yell the 3rd time ajdjdbdbebs https://tenor.com/view/quby-chan-hi-wave-hello-hi-there-gif-17010845 Poppy Paneer :KEKWhands: Poppy didnt knew you were a pizza topping Happy 2nd/3rd Oct guys! :UmiYay::CharmanderHi: Congratulations on surviving so far :BeauBait: Did you die? Lol that must be terrifying :pomg: People to those tiktoks: 
:okboomer: :okboomer: :PBSeeIToldYouSo: Barry mad LMFAO whatsapp'a what??? Why tho Maintenance? Also I don't use any of these 3 fjabdhehww Girl I'm stuck in online classes, I need to use whatsapp aswell Plus talking to the teacher for competitions and all cause I don't like talking on phone And let them read my "about me"? Hell no :raifepain: What about my classmates? Lol sorry but Discord is the only app without bi||phobia|| and ace||phobia||, I don't wanna ruin it Perks of being surrounded by LGBTQA phobic people _ My bitmoji is dressed like this and still no one has noticed a thing They don't even try to educate themselves on LGBTQA community and assume it's bad I only use Snap for those bitmojis and the bitmoji stories :pomg: :Dopeysurprised: I'm afraid I'll open the gates if I ask who're they Oooh I....... He isn't a Tooth Fairy Mara Oh 
So he *is* a Tooth Fairy Y'all have such cute bitmojis :CharmanderHi: :dogeheart: :wut: First, I hate chewy cookies 
Second, "indulgent chocolate chip"? I'll buy this and find none of those drop sized chocolates Wait wait wait I read that as "I need you to make me chocolate chip cookies" Lol I'm coming to California now Lol both works Day by day I get more and more scared about America :cooldown: :cooldown: :cooldown: Urgh 
Chocolate pizza with marshmallows YUCK They even introduced a Burger pizza which I tried..... And regretted it :argh: :argh: :argh: I changed my outfit cause no one knows about pride flags and I look like a joker This sticker's perfect for calling out hate anons on Tumblr :argh: The what? This is golden Also Drew your status... What does that mean?  :pomg: Oooooohh :JoJoThink: !quickpoll Give Fae the mod role for 10 sec | Yes | Nope, nope nope nope Wait I can't use Carl? :ruserious: :kek: They are :argh: :argh: :argh: c!echo Aku is the best Dude Did they remove the echo feature? !echo Dummy dum dum .... c!8ball Am I the best? :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: :4828_ChrisEvansPeriodt: :4828_ChrisEvansPeriodt: The two horsemen of Periodt: :Periodt: :4828_ChrisEvansPeriodt: Who's Leeteuk? Uh oh I opened the gates didn't I? What's a lomf? :raifepain: Damn I'm bad with abbreviations But srsly, who's Leeteuk? :hmm: :hmm: Discord: Pay us every month or live like a peasant Bullying is the last thing you would want me to do :raifepain: I can annoy you to exercise tho Why can't the athletes lift more than prisoners? @( ) milquetoast  you there? Because the pros outweigh the cons :kek: Also if you don't exercise I'll leave the server :oliviastab: Threats always work :BeauBait: Wait so only the people who use Twitch are affected right? I never used twitch so I'm not in problem right? :CharmanderHi: Oh ohk Meanwhile I've never heard about Grammarly :hmm: :pomg: :ethonk: What do you mean? 
He's already so hot his face is practically heating :heheadrian: Bold of you to assume movies that time had logic :kek: Tho I never watched Main Hoon Na :JoJoThink: I left Bollywood since 2018 aoajwhebevev Fr Today's movies consist of 
1) A hero
2) A heroine cause, love interest 
3) Explosions and weapons *cough SOTY cough* I regret spending money on tickets for watching SOTY 2 Lol my cousins and I had planned a movie night after so long and SOTY 2 was the only familiar movie in the theatre It *is* bad YES a rollercoaster That's really great idea
Karan Johar won't be able to handle the idea sadly Shubh Mangal Zyada Savdhan is the only LGBTQ movie I acknowledge Too bad they didn't even premiere it on TV like I didn't even knew it existed until I saw a post on Tumblr and like WHAT YouTube has more Indian LGBTQ content than Bollywood I never saw this movie What representation does it have? inchresting Tf :raifepain: It's the same since then Yikes I didn't knew these even existed Even FilterCopy is better than this Hey @ YUCKY STINKY!  you play Criminal Case too??? It's about time I meet a CC player! Wait there's a CC discord?! Lol it means Criminal Case :SONIAWINK: Aw I mean, the fandom is pretty small I really didn't expect to see people who play CC I played till SI Cameron :dogeheart: And Cathy I want Eliot to be my bestie Jones is the MVP imo Yours? Tbh same here All of them are really unique and diverse Lars is the best character in STW Lol Ripley who? I don't acknowledge her  :ChrisEvansPeriodt: I played till S7 lol I typed SI = Supernatural Investigations :kek: S3 is my favorite I didn't continue after S7 fhagsgaag Life got whirlwinded and I had to leave all the games It's been 2 yrs since I last played S7 I used to complete one case per day without mod ajshehehewg I'm not lying I actually completed one case per day Oooh Lets just say the time settings on my mobile must be cussing at me that time Lmfao It's okay But seriously the time in the game was really fd up Like leave this thing for examination for 24 hrs meanwhile you gotta rest Lmfao I am the curios kid so I can't just sit and do nothing about finding out what's gonna happen next It's a bad habit Ooh I'd like to make my character kajwbwbe Can you send the game files link? Someone scold me to do my assignments :kek: thanks dude I hate DMs so yeah that'll work Pls don't I'm going I'm going Same here Anxiety manifestations  Guess who's pulling an all nighter? Pri you got some company now Oof You should search for it in daylight Nighttime won't help ya :teeheemichael: Also I finished 80% of my assignments Rest gonna do tomorrow cause I gotta ask for those from my classmates And they're probably asleep by now :KEKWhands: :raifepain: Priy Man using Discord through a browser is bad I don't have a choice tho aksjehebe :KEKWhands:  sorry wrong channel Drew I didn't knew you were a PB&J Beware I'm currently tracking you through your IP address and coming to have a little chat :heyyyyyypb: *Just 5?* PB&J you're kidding THAT ENDING I really want S2 but at the same time I'm afraid they might create a dull S2 cause S1 already set the bar high DUDE IM THE ONE STILL HYPING IT IN BOTH THE SERVERS I really loved the series Also everyone's cute as heck I could stare at them all day long It'll be 12:30 here so my chances are kinda low of joining y'all :KEKWhands: Catch me re-watching the series for the 3rd time I'm on Episode 6 now :BeauBait: Wuh Guys remember the Sonic x Mario GIF? :BeauBait: On discord I suddenly remembered that abomination and thought why not make y'all remember it as well I also remember Pri barely missing the GIF cause she didn't scroll down akansbwbew Here :kek: That's still better than the one I'm talking about Also they took down the GIF :( I really wanted to send that to other servers D: OOP OH GOD NOT ONE
BUT *TWO* GIFS My windows are grilled :Bonk: This one's cute IT'S SO CUTE OH WOW I don't even know who they are and I'm shipping them :uwuhappy: 45-55 mins A what? Genuine Gaius Goof 
Padhai kar Pyari Priyudi 
@Priyudi Inspired by Priy :smart: I dare you to change your name to that :takemymoney: Hey what's the Squid role I'm seeing in my roles? Ohhhh Squid Game okay Also turns out today's Saturday for me Wait when are we watching the show? But isn't Pri having some event that day?? No Pri you gotta watch from start in order to understand the further eps ~~also 1-4 are the only eps that aren't *that* dark~~ Oh ohk Yeah one user from the gaming server I'm in got hacked as well Even if the person is trusted do not click on any links I have 2000+ and I barely play My saved account is unmodded I don't use facebook so I can't save my modded account Julian broke the 4th wall and realized he's just a pixel character controlled by PB Creating a tier list is too tiring akwbebe I'm too lazy for it I know this joke is too reused now but- I really wanna dress up as a triangle guard on Halloween (those who don't know, triangle guards are the ones with a ||gun|| to eliminate a player) Oh hey, Nezuko's here I don't think so she'll remove Gaius's name from her nickname Hey I could've gone for AkBOO as well! But I'm cosplaying Dyno for Halloween so-- The events that happened in #bots-and-pets-uwu Lol I was simply playing around with slash commands And Dyno made me an icon like it All Dyno did was put your current pfp into the Square frame You can do that too Done lol Come in #bots-and-pets-uwu Yup I hate my city clothe stores for not having stylish suits/androgynous outfits for me I wanted to wear a suit on Diwali so bad :Dopeysad: Good night everyone!  Sweet dreams Pri I can relate to her name struggles then akajwjwjwj Wait IT'S THURSDAY I THOUGHT IT WAS WEDNESDAY Bold of you to assume I even know the date :kek: Thanks ~~My exams are going on ofc I know the date~~ DD/MM/YYYY Therefore 20/10/2021 :animeglasses: DD/MM/YY Now plz don't come in with YYYY/DD/MM or I'll ||kill|| you :PleasePBJustStop: :immashootyou: Google Translate logo under the name of Apple :MARAONLY: :MunchlaxMunch: DD/MM/YYYY :this: Oh??? Oh no :( Atleast he tried :raifepain: :ohhh: :ohhh: :ohhh: Yeahhhh how convincing :BeauBait: I thought it was a calling used to call out the cats Mine neither
I mean, they did encourage my believing in Santa Claus until I turned... 7 Open Heart: Frostbite Wolf Bride: On Hibernation's Eve Same as Alma becoming Dean Lun(Idontremember) in FA Lu's cousin (reference in PCF) Ayyyyyy :CandidCarter: ~~Does that mean I'm gonna have one more chapter in my Geography syllabus?~~
Lol jk jk that's actually really cool
Love how the slightest things can effect how the things work, it's fascinating Nature has its own way of maintaining itself and that's beyond human understanding Universal energy is fascinating:ohhh: Now perish You sure there wasn't a bug in there causing the sourness?! I freaking forgot how to find the LCM and HCF of two numbers due to Trigonometry ajsjejebdbd What I meant is that my brain was trying to process Trig and ended up forgetting the other chapters Everyone is shiting on English dub lol I hate Mi-nyeo's English voiceover It really doesn't suit her She sounds too soft Which she definitely isnt It doesn't I played that game during childhood as well We used to say "Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Chennai STOP" And it was like if you reach the finish line, you gotta touch the person taking den and they try to catch you for the next dener OMG same here We call it Red letter We always include our first, middle and last name Oooh "Aao sabh khele Red light Green light yeh khel hai nirala" Nirala.
*Nirala.*
Girl got it really wrong :kek: Meanwhile English one is the boss level aksjshwj Green light......
......
......
.....RED LIGHT I mean, they could've just said "Green light, Red light 1...2....3!" :kek: Btw I've been meaning to cut my hair short, any suggestions? Also those suggestions need to match the school uniform rules :ethonk: Meaning, not bangs or a layered cut Ehhhh my parents won't agree for me to have bangs either ajwejeheh Imma cut fleaks tho, I'll just pin them to my head when going to school I have a circle face with a bit pointed jaw guten abend Also that means evening Guten morgen is Good Morning Guten Morgen Aaron! +Aku    Shubhsakal Aaron That's how I greet in my mother tongue Unfortunately  My name means Desire aksjendbe My exams are going as well  Ahhhhhhhhhhh Infact, I'm giving prelims rn  Thanks It's maths on 25  Plz swallow me dear ground I beg you You mean to say boards are easier than prelims? ......my prelims are easier than described by others :ruserious: :ruserious: I'm even more scared now cause my teachers are kind of....antic My parents will kill me if I get below 60 in maths wkejebdbe Also wait My prelims are actually of 40 marks And so are boards Yeahhhhh you probably must've heard of MCQs Yup *Corona batch* 
I'm gonna tell people to cut me some slack for I was the first batch CBSE experimented the new exam model on Cause lemme tell you MCQs are *the* absolute worst  I hate the fact that I'm giving offline exams studying online It's like joining army after playing BGMI Or becoming a ninja after playing Shadow Fight 3 Survivng on self study and YT videos which I forget about after an hour Anyway can you tell how to find the LCM and HCF of 2 numbers?? :raifepain: ........ For real numbers Even touching someone's iphone here is a crime akshsheeb That's basically the attitude some people have here iPhone is a huge luxury Great news is, I don't like Iphones because I'm not into photography:kek: Luckily no one touches my phone cause I don't have anything on it other than discord and some useless apps I barely open :kek: Id rather buy a mobile with 8GB ram than spend my money on iPhone Awesome I've been surviving on 2GB since I was introduced to mobile phones Mine's... 8-9k aowneebb But still works good But that's also cause I don't use Whatsapp :kek: My mom's mobile is clogged as hell due to Whatsapp being WhatsApp Meanwhile I'm enjoying my butter Pri that's half the space of my mobile :kek: :wut: Whoa College taking its toll I see I bet your screenshot folder is full of screenshots you'll never look at again Reminds me of my friends' obsession at making different groups I mean, they still are obsessed
They just moved from Whatsapp to Telegram Same here Discord supremacy Oof Atleast I don't want anyone I know irl to come to discord A friend of mine was like "Discord...?" when I talked about it and I was like yeah I use Discord. I even recommended him that he should try it
Next day he goes "Hey Aku I downloaded Discord, what's your ID?" and I straight up told him my ID is a secret I'll take to my grvae AHAHSBSBSBSB   :BooParty: :BooParty: Help me study polynomials then Wait really?  ........it's more than graphs It's equations Like these:
ax^2+bx+c=0 This, is how a polynomial is denoted Btw I learnt this cool trick about how you can find the square of any 2 digit number under 10 secs *Without* using calculator   WAIT WHAT WHEN HOW Aaahhh Happy Ace Week my fellow Ace peeps!    Wait people are thinking it's a real glitch?! This is too funny :kek: My mom doesn't know who they are cause her daughter has watched only 1 Kdrama series :raifepain: My experience with online products is kindaa breakable Failed bread? LMFAO Metaverse Metta they finally create a universe for you Wait no It's... MetaBollocks?! yeah I just saw the official posts it's Meta Hey Metta they named Facebook after you! Metta go claim what's yours  Bel your birthday is today according to my timezone  https://tenor.com/view/happy-birthday-snoopy-its-your-birthday-party-peanuts-gif-16580934 Happy Birthday dear Cursed editor +Get well soon +I know how annoying those allergies can be Happy Birthday papa Metta! :BooParty: for me, silence Currently eating Custard Apple despite having cold and cough to assert dominance :MunchlaxMunch: Yo I'd like to join them  Horror makeup art is my speciality Okay so I made fake bangs using my front hair and honestly, they looked so good I really wanna cut bangs now My aunt's a hairstylist imma cut my hair at her salon for free instead:CandidCarter: Last thing I gotta do it convince my mom to allow me for cutting bangs Update: I convinced my mom to let me cut bangs:BooParty: :BooParty: do it :Duffyevil: Wait how You can get demoted as well? You were a Werewolf dude .......right kejejrhrbrbr sorry Morning King! I'm fine, drowning in books and games Ikr I love the moment I'm living in rn Away from people and stress How're you??? Weather?? Oh lol Meteorology is pretty cool Oooh sounds interesting Water Lol I was kidding sorry But yeah, water is pretty essential for ramen Well if talking about instant ramen, I like to put nothing in it except for the spices and water Tho you can add any toppings you like ....Peas? Really Pri? *Peas?!* Also Potato? Pri it's Maggi not Poha :SadCat: My mom loves peas in Maggi as well and made me try it 
I threw up qkwhebebebe May peas be with you both I only like peas in Pav Bhaji Peas are not I deny to agree with this with my whole heart
You can put any controversial topic before me and I'll let it slide, but peas with Maggi is something I'm fully against ajejehehe It's understandable Plz I can't argue rn my father is constantly asking me whether I'm studying or not I hate peas. https://tenor.com/view/do-you-wanna-pee-pee-peas-3d-gifs-artist-gif-18427626 This GIF is cursed Ayyyy Mara must be so proud of haunting us all for that right :ruserious: You made us search up the [REDACTED] GIF one day remember? Yup Don't lie Mara :oliviastab: You were really lucky, I literally got nauseous after watching that The Sonic X Shadow one was so cute tho Pls, it's so cute I really started shipping them WHAT THE FUCK THERE'S A SHADOW X SHREK GIF OH FUCK I really wanna sent it here eakajjwej I don't have access to cursed chat I don't deserve to suffer alone mind you *I stumbled upon it on accident!* .img dd mc Happy Diwali my precious chicken nuggets! Some people were bursting crackers in here At this time Look at you already bursting crackers ajenebeb Mara working on her thirst trap for Drew I see Yeah, I agree :cutefrog: Gong Yoo can really go from Cutiepie to Mr. Hot Stuff in a couple of milliseconds Drew I blame you for making me crush on Gong Yoo :immashootyou: But no, I still don't wanna be slapped by him :judgeyfroge: :kek: And my nickname got modified again https://tenor.com/view/%EA%B3%B5%EC%9C%A0-%EC%A1%B4%EC%9E%98-gong-yoo-gong-jicheol-korean-actor-gif-17851944 He really went "uwu" in here eajehebebeb https://tenor.com/view/cheese-sweet-dreams-eurythmics-annie-lennox-misheard-lyrics-gif-16188561 This GIF sums me up. Thank you for listening. Wow, suddenly I'm thankful of black eyes Love how searching "random" in the Discord GIF section has [REDACTED] in there smug I know you saw everything Pri :teeheemichael: https://tenor.com/view/smiling-cat-creepy-cat-cat-zoom-kitty-gif-12199043 Me neither Metta your pfp constantly reminds me of my real name Half the server members know my real name by now :KEKWhands: Those are literally the easiet clues you need to find out my name Oh god I shouldn't have searched that :blobsweat: Hi hi! Great, I need your opinions on the Pixelkin: Fall edition icon Our beloved Pixelkin dude :PBSeeIToldYouSo: Why am I laughing at this lmfao Hey what's wrong with going caseless? It's not like I don't take good care of it! :kek: Surprise surprise, turns out I have 0.00001% white DNA in my blood :kek: Apparently my phone case is lost and my parents are too lazy to buy a new one :ethonk: We're a menace to the society :partay: ....why are your phone cases so expensive?! 40$?! Are you kidding me? Here I bargain for a 100 INR phone case aksjwjwbbw Which is, round off, 1$ phone case 1$ = 70 INR Okay but 40 dollars? :ruserious: Apple youre looting these people This is why I hate Apple :immashootyou: 300 INR for a month First month actually :huh: IKR Tbh paying 300 INR for Tatasky and 300 INR for Netflix is pretty same 
But my parents dont like Netflix :judgeyfroge: Hey guys I'm currently doing the Fall Pixelkin icon, wanna join VC and tell me about the changes? Mara wait I need your opinion It's about Pixelkin Eh, I am quick but your definition of quick might be different
Sleep is important, go sleep Pri you up? Lmfao sorry Pri There you go! :uwuhappy: Thanks Pri :UmiYay: Also nickname Pri Halloween's over Subscription Apple subscription Ikr I hate Apple 
Both the fruit and the company https://tenor.com/view/apple-cat-fast-gif-19997541 Layhurs you saw the icon? :immashootyou: Metta no I use none My trusty Vivo mobile of 2GB ram does everything for me :kek: Lol yesterday I was with my little cousins and this happened:- 
My little cousins: Didi, let's play Red light Green light!! 
Me: *war flashbacks* nah I'm good y'all play it Like seriously I am not able to look at those games the same way again According to this, I have a didi then aieebebwbebdb My pleasure  After spooky vibes, we've gotta have some warm fuzzy vibes I'll never forget Pixel Metta tho, my greatest creation  Himbos :dogeheart: I want to wear those so bad :Dopeyhappy: Why are there so many starred epic moments?!?; Reminds me of Adrian x Chat Noir era in 2020 on Tumblr :kek: Shrek x Jesus fanfic :raifepain: Shrek x Batman is more entertaining :glasses: Ask the same question to the ones writing these :GaibooShock: :supbrah: :supbrah: :supbrah: The emote I never knew you added You mean this is supposed to be Drew? (I'm jk lol we're all potats) A soggy french fry that can be dried in a microwave and revived again I'm the couch potat My parents scold me over my physical fitness every now and then, cause I'm on my mobile 24/7 thanks to studies And their concern is quite understandable
I was starting to experience a lot of chest diseases Yeah lol I was literally going through my infected by COVID phase dude to it During my exams ajsjwhsnsn The doctor gave me an injection and some tablets, now I'm nornal Yeah they all had these neon lines all over them Ngl I wish I had those lines all over me as well :CharmanderHi: :KEKWhands: My birthday is tomorrow @Arzaylea Thanks Lu :dogeheart: :CharmanderHi: I bet it's Pri Kek ftw :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: I can spam this emote all day It's so positive Oooh blue, looks good with my pfp  Thanks a lot Drew :dogeheart: Thanks a lot you guys :CharmanderHi: :dogeheart: https://tenor.com/view/praying-cat-please-thank-you-thanks-gif-16119732 Thanks a lot milque :dogeheart: :UmiYay: (also sorry for late reply I was kinda busy) HELP I was in this restaurant for celebrating my birthday and this woman sat on the next table infront of me 
And we made eye contacts more than 5 times I- I hate it when I accidentally make eye contacts, especially with the same person number of times kwnenenen Lol since it's been an year since I had pizza, burger and cold coffee, we went to a burger cafe and got these items + it was part cake shop so we got butterscotch flavour cake as well Honestly it's been years since I had a celebration like this and I love it Oh and we got some fries with ranch as well It was delicious Evil Bel: 1001 Gabriel looks like trash Evil bel: Ew men Evil Layhurs: I can do math Done. :teeheemichael: Evil Frat: -Aku Evil Layhurs: I haven't played a single Choices chapter You were evil at that time :niapanic: Evil Gaius: I hate you Mara Oh god that was messed up akwbwbeve  I really wanna make an Evil Dakota joke but my dark humor might be too much Evil Hayden: Describable Evil Harley: Down with Eros, Up with MC and the gang Evil Damien: I LOVE sunshine and  rainbows YAAAYYY!!!!!  Evil Steve: I can't bake It's fun! Evil Kio: I can't write Evil Josephine: LET THEM LIVE! I'm Evil Aku now akwwbebdbdb Evil Kenna: Let's throw some balls! Evil Voltra: I hate baking MILG Mother in line to grind Brb gonna have a talk with my Evil self LMFAO Evil Indian roads: I'm smooth with no holes Evil Apple: Get your devices repaired for free :D Evil Aku, Drew and Layhurs: I absolutely love Maths Evil Layhurs: GLIM Whoa thats good Evil Abyss: I absolutely hate Megamind he'll die and I'll throw a party Evil Principal Hughs: No hugs for you Evil Poppy: Welcome to Belvoire my dear I'll give you a tour and maybe we can be lovers Evil Zoey: I have 0% fashion sense MLF: Small bestie Andrew Bui   Evil Cordonian Security: *takes their job seriously* Evil PB: MORE CORRECT LGBTQ+ REPRESENTATIONS Evil Tyril: *has a toothy smile sprite* Evil Duke Richturds: I respect you MC I won't scheme anything against the crown I'll be your faithful ally Evil Mara: Ew Duke Richards Evil Jax: I can't use a katana Evil Pri: I sleep at night Sometimes not at all  Evil Mara: You get a new emote! You get a new emote! Everyone gets a new emote!!!!! @DaHomieDrew and @Priyudi, the gods of puns, I need your help for a new discord username My brain isn't able to find any process any puns including my nickname BAHAHA It's actually good :kek: I can't stop laughing :KEKWhands: https://tenor.com/view/simba-timon-pumbaa-akuna-matata-hakuna-matata-gif-22130949 HAHAHAH :kek: :kek: :kek: Also done, my username is changed 
Thanks for the idea Layhurs it's iconic :UmiYay: GASP never knew I'd see this moment :ruserious: No one, absolutely no one is online akwnwbebreb Oof yeah I forgot not everyone is in the LGBTQ channel :dead: :GaibooShock:  Evil Aku: I'm not dumb Pri what color theme? Lol So you like cool colors theme Mine is a default in system wallpaper:KEKWhands: I had a stroke looking at this /jk @Priyudi I didn't drew this, I used the assets inbuilt in the app You're welcome Awwwweee :bestinshow: And here's the sleep one The wallpaper does look good  Now you have daily beautiful reminders  Lmfao what should I write? Anytime dear  LMFAO BRB Here aksnsbs YOU DID NOT SEE THAT :judgeyfroge: Nothing I accidentally revealed my city Anyway here 
It fits! Y'all getting driver's permit at 16? :ruserious: Ikr considering I placed it totally randomly My state arrests the parent of children who drive under 17 atleast:raifepain: Ik you're Indian, I was asking the others in here Those indicate months But Murica ........ Even I'm not that bad at math :samwtf: *Laughs in my mobile keypad has automatic translater*                      smash dude It doesn't work here Ajeodjejenen Oh now it does It looks peaceful ngl Your Choices BG obsession reminds me of my Choices OST obsession Everything that includes a ringtone had a different choices OST now I have SF3 OST obsession :teeheemichael: My Choices OSTs got deleted when I accidentally deleted the audio files in my mobile Somehow the SF3 OSTs stayed intact and now I use them Dynasty dojo ftw :MARAONLY: My drive is driven, it likes to frustrate me :raifepain: Files appear and disappear out of nowhere Uh oh *hides behind Layhurs* Who are they? Super what- You squashed me ouch! I'm too lazy for that Looks like something out of a horror movie :ruserious: Brb joining SuJu so Mara doesn't kill me I never understood the hype as well Like uhhhhhh guys you okay? Also people assume I'm an AMRY just cause purple is my favourite color like wha--- I just can't stop loving purple color it's aesthetically pleasing Me, who doesn't decide based on looks: I fall in love with the person inside, not outside UwU I miss the time as well, except I was the judger Me: *cosplays as him* You asked for it!  BAHAHAHAHAHAHAH I think Mara died She isn't responding Ah there she is Ahem #deleted-channel :hmm: Dang :pixelbartie: He looks a bit like Mobius now Metta I found ya!! :CharmanderHi: :CharmanderHi: Ratan Metta :kek: I found Mara too! :UmiYay: https://tenor.com/view/funny-bad-day-gross-humpday-gif-18641218 Therefore pizza sode turns out to be canon Okay what the-- It does aksneneodje :pixelbartie: :pixelbartie: :pixelbartie: Sooryavanshi:worrysip: Okay but this trio is really powerful That's Katrina right? (I don't have any idea about this movie except Akshay Kumar is cast in it) The "Dhoom-tanananana" of movies Pri you can't have it all alone and let me stare at it like a dog you evil gorl /jk Ouch Tip tip barsa of all songs  Come to Maharashtra and we'll share instead Oh, perfect for me to understand without watching subtitles :judgeyfroge: That's evil But then again, I watch other country media now cause bollywood and Indian soap operas consist of nothing but love stories and dramas created cause of a single misunderstanding So subtitles my beloved:worrysip: Oh yeah I'll translate the phrases for you then, tell me the phrases Pri Can't blame you qkwnwnebe Tell me if your ears bleeded more or less I'm reading the comments under the video and..... are they serious? WHY'S THERE AN 'AH AH' IN THERE EVERYTIME Ahhh nothing like dancing with your lover in an abandoned amusement park while you get wet in rain. Katrina's gonna have cold for days. The "Ahh ahh" in the background T-Series one I lost it when they both were doing that one P.T. exercise move  where you move your hands like a windmill :kek: Thanks for making us watch that Evil Pri She's referring to Akshay Kumar wjehebeebb Never knew I can find out about your location just by reacting to your message with the same clock emoji _ Time to reveal my real name and it's meaning in urban dictionary :KEKWhands: Me? Popular among guys cause of my looks? More like popular among guys for being chaotic and teacher's pet at a same time Also Mara: Caps compulsory :MARAONLY: ~~I Mean, They Really Do Make The Sentences Look More Attractive~~ Priyudi being Arajak as always and making a chaotic emote :worrysip: :CharmanderHi: :GaibooShock: :GaibooShock: :GaibooShock: *gasp* Also what happened to that reddit chaos? Did they find out it was fake? Pri you can't just leave all the drama after creating it :GaibooShock: :ruserious: Can't blame them Mara look what I found on Tumblr The banana looks suffocated Lol my friend on Tumblr was taking edit requests so I had requested Duke Richards in a banana mascot costume wjenenene Where? :ruserious: What's a monke doin in here? :ruserious: https://tenor.com/view/raizel98-gato-cato-bakacat-gif-21693378 It's this GIF, it's her paw Floofball  You bought an.... Apple Pencil??? Tfw your board decides to give Hindi exam, of all subjects, 4 holidays to prepare :sadhours: Atleast they could've swapped SST with Hindi  Also nice    I've given 5 PTs from Monday to Friday till now... Mid sems :pomg: Oh I've given multiple exams as well
But considering my level that time, it's pretty easy for everyone Hey Mara I just got informed about scammers sending you not embeded, broken links and saying someone's leaking your image with ||racist slurs|| and all omg omg how do I add emotes in my nickname? :ohhh: Oh it's a role nvm akanwhweb ....is the banner another K-pop artist Mara? :hmm: "Spoilerland 2.0 SuJu vibes only" ......what theme banner do you want? Since the vibes are evil, now about Evil LIs placed in an order? :JoJoThink: Or characters, doesn't have to be only LIs Hmmmm let's have an overall permanent since my academic curses are coming :ethonk: Don't @ me I'm just a normal girl with a normal life /jk That sounds good ngl I'll have Gaius, Carter, Olivia, Aerin, etc holding a banner saying SPL Done No Aerin? :Dopeysad: Oh god .img Aerin Valleros ~~Me~~ YAAASSSS :dogeheart: :UmiYay: Thank you Mara ily brb making the banner Oh I definitely well  Hey anyone who still has the Choices app, can you check the in-app FAQ page and check what font they use for their app title? Nvm found it sorry for the trouble You () That's cool  That's what obsession is  https://tenor.com/view/disney-moana-youre-welcome-maui-dance-gif-15810606 And I'll keep doing it again askenen I love making icons and banners I mean.... I wouldn't mind.... :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :Dopeysurprised: Yes EEEEE THANK YOU :UmiYay: Ayyyy thanks Drew (^^) He's too speechless, admiring the ~~bottom~~ tatum Bel: Why not both? Priy Needs to sleep doofus she's studied enough Ikr I love so much  Priy Sigh My wallpapers remind her of that and she still decides to unsee those God I love typos so much BEL NO She sleeps at 7pm I think It's 10:30pm here reeeeee I wanna sleep IST shenanigans  We refer to it as IST as well Geologist decided to be lazy and gave use the same timezone :kek: Cause Gujarat and Arunachal Pradesh have much time difference .....idk I forgot the term I thought geologists were for geography help I need to stop studying :KEKWhands: :dead: Just do it!!!!! Oh, that's no news then
Govt is lazy anyways  You don't need to do laundry if you just pile them and use a new set of clothes :smart: Same Infact I've worn the same clothes for 36 hrs multiple times during traveling period Ouch All hail deodorants akssnej @conceptualisedbygogol 

"Emojis are never enough " That's me  +Short term memory loss Create a paper straw Or drink straight from the cup :Duffyevil: There's some construction going on below my home and it's 11:20 pm rn :KEKWhands: I have school tomorrow Even though it's online for tomorrow but still-- We have alternate school days ufjyjxyjcyfb7fh This one's better Ohh What's a sriracha? Like spicy chili achar? Thank you  NO HE LOOKS LIKE SAM DALTON NO +DALTIFIXATION Frat I revoke all your rights from using the Faceapp /j Yassification needs to die I thought it was dead why did it come back :KEKWhands: :immashootyou: Noooooooooooooo :ohgodohduck: Mommy Dressica Oh god I drank Amul Lassi and now I feel nauseous I love it's taste, but my stomach wasn't ready for it But it's sold for 15 INR :Dopeysurprised:
Okay wait it's a bigger pack, I drank from a smaller one Thanks Milque :dogeheart:  Cause they need to name themselves something similar but unique so they don't copy the big name brand :kek: So he's the one who's been eating my books Bad doge :cooldown: I've got some serious ulcers (thanks to my body heat) in my mouth so I googled how to rid them
It said put baking soda over it I put baking soda on those ulcers (I got 3 in total) and... The pain is gone ajsnwbebebeb At first it hurts But then the pain fully reduces And my mouth is full of salty baking soda now Ikr The pains gone now Tho I'm worried for my stomach sjsjejensbs Canker sores I get quite a lot of times, more prominent when my cycle's gonna arrive 1st Dec I suffer from PMS a lot My face is full of pimples thanks to it rn Ooooh I'll try chugging more water then It also happens when my body heat exceeds itself My body isn't showing any gratitude except making me pee every now and then It's winter here atm as well so that might be the reason Lmfao no We're talking about the menstrual cycle Me too:dead: HOLY WTF THE ULCER IS GETTING SMALLER AND SMALLER OMG Its so small compared to the 10mins ago when I applied the baking soda It was  big but now it's  big The flesh around it has become kinda wrinkly but I'll heal up OMG I gotta show this to my mom she's frequent to those as well Oh god bless Google I didn't knew saliva was acidic But I did observe saliva worsened the ulcers, so maybe saliva is acidic Oh then my saliva is definitely acidic ajwbenwbw Baron, Lester, Rheya, Chris, Colt and Adam Vega BB, Platinum and WEH Hey where's John Tull I miss MW  :furballhappy: Her surprised expression was lost by PB Her surprised expression is too good to not be used god I could've used her lips for making the FMCs  Tell them your SuJu bias is whatever Mara uses :hello911: For you :ohhh: ~~Pri is stealing your identity~~ Mara gonna use the Olivia stab to kill Pri :MunchlaxMunch: Told ya Pri was stealing your identity Oh I forgot about this screenshot I took yesterday jawhwhwbwb ~~Sorry Bee~~ And lemme guess Gaius called you his queen? He didn't call you his queen? Disappointment. Okay but he didn't call you his queen
He did say, "Hello my queen." to you :sadhours: Sorry but I'm literally addicted to that sentence (I'm a Gaius fan as well answnwbsb) :Periodt: Evil Gaius: You're not my queen :SadCat: Lol you got your priorities :Periodt: :SadCat: Guys spot the difference I made in this pic I was practicing drawing eyes rn and thought, why not put these eyes on someone and see what they look like And I had this pic transparent and thought, let's make him more fabulous I found the pun on Tumblr and it was too iconic to not have it as my status, considering my daily turmeric infused milk at night diet :kek: Well it's not like I have any left to share :worrysip: Too late muahahahhaah :worrysip: @DaHomieDrew what exactly does you status mean? :worrysip: What's a NASCAR?  And..... what's a pit crew? :thatdankemoteMarauseswhereitsdoingtheethonkexpression: Oh :worrysip: Drew  Me
Having our pets as our discord pfp Yeah I miss Duggu I had to give Duggu away cause my family was having a lot of problem All because of a poor kitten No My mom is kinda animalphobic, my sibling is too small to take care of him and my father was never at home most of the time And my boards are going to come, so my studies were badly affected Since mom wasn't taking care of him :/ Everyday my mom used to behave all bitterly towards us all 
I asked my father to give him away and now my father is the one acting bitterly towards me \__/ It's okay, as I said my father isn't home most of the time so I don't mind I have a different level of daddy issues ajsnensbebe But yeah, seeing him all curled up like a floofball makes me happy In my pfp :dogeheart: Also Rusty looks so happy in yours We love to see :CharmanderHi: A photogenic animal, that's so nice Duggu was a pain whenever I tried taking his pic :KEKWhands: I was lucky enough to get this one, he was too sleepy and just stayed like that before doozing off I mean, just look at this floof 3/4 of his pics are of him sleeping babwbe e e He was so tiny I could scoop him up in my hand :Bbay: I see Pri using Mara's stickers wnenebebs :MunchlaxMunch: :worrysip: Phase 4 just got interesting I-I lost this test 4 times while logging in rn :ruserious: Also got in after reporting "Can't solve" in the feedback These icons look good Oh you changed your pfp HEY is that Chloe and Marinette????? They look like Chloe and Marinette  NOOOOOO They look a lot like Chloe and Marinette tho Milque left the server I played that book Well, played first chapter and uninstalled the game in the midle of the chapter The red backlight looks good tho No thanks I'm an ass towards him as well   Indian teens vent, stan and socialize on Discord
Me, an Indian teen who does this: I'm in this article Also yeah, Discord helped me a lot during my isolation I found real friends who genuinely love me and not just friends with benefits Lucknow is a what- Also Kolhapur???? Bruh???? Even Bhubaneswar isn't lower tier They aren't Metropolitan but they ain't lower tier either They're pretty developed cities Yes Or even cities that're mostly surrounded by under developed area Cause the city I live it isn't heard of by anybody but it's still pretty developed and not low tier Okay but it mentioning Kolhapur as lowtier like bruh :HOLUP: Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and Kolhapur are the most popular and developed cities in Maharashtra jasjebsbsbe I only know about Maharashtrian states and Bhubaneswar kawkjwjee God I need to stop my habit of keyboard smashing everything I only know and recognise Indore, Bhubaneswar, Kolhapur, Lucknow and..... Ranchi :kek: wHyYyYyy??? Excuse me I'm morosexual as well  So sorry Mara, feel better Periods is a b- https://tenor.com/view/big-hero6-hug-baymax-comfort-gif-4000651 We all love you, you serious mod  :CharmanderHi: Berries really sounds good for Red I just hope Omicron doesn't f me up in 2022 like Novel Covid did You too Drew :CharmanderHi: :dogeheart: Me:        Wait a sec Me:         Me:            There. :GaibooShock: I'm having TOO MUCH fun with this It rained in here as well wth Lu, the rain goddess https://tenor.com/view/dancing-dancing-in-the-rain-dance-raining-cute-gif-12514543 Me, with battery sometimes below 10% It's 56 rn dw Hide that before Layhurs sees that Also Pri can you explain the spherical mirror reflections if you have time? (Sorry for asking but I need some help) I might be the only student for whom YT videos don't work Only Convex and Concave mirror and lens Yeh ofc Also image formation as well That's important Yup I have trouble remembering them What's a Latke? Aalo paratha........? Aalo dhirda (Dhirda is a word used for pancakes in Marathi) I always see Carter's face whenever trying to imagine Metra's And that little figurine in Bel's pfp for Bel My bitmoji really doesn't look like me I mean, partially But eh Jokes on you I rickroll myself on daily basis https://tenor.com/view/rick-roll-rick-ashley-never-gonna-give-you-up-gif-22113173 His dance is too iconic +Respect I need to do this in my annual gathering Server boomer is more boomer It's a good movie okay?! :sadhours: https://tenor.com/view/megan-mullally-karen-walker-will-and-grace-take-that-back-gif-9638635 Lays for Layhurs
Pringles for Pri
Akurkure for Aku
anyone got any more suggestions? Me neither I was like "That's Abhishek?!" :ruserious: The only coffee I ever had is Bru How's Affogato?    @conceptualisedbygogol just realised your nickname conveys that Garrus says "Ok boomer" a lot of times yes light mode You called Mara crazy :samwtf: :supbrah: Can't blame ya Dw even Gaius has called Mara crazy at some point My school had just started MUN and I was the..... Uhh.... What was I again? IDR that was before COVID hit us I was the.... designer I think 
I mean, not an actual designer but I was..... Lmao I can't remember Someone who isn't a delegate, they're a different category in MUN Yeah I genuinely don't remember that was 3 yrs ago Hi Say "No" Or, be formal and say "I'm really sorry mam/sir but I have to decline" I feel you Just avoid the conv until they forget https://tenor.com/view/agathe-emil-south-park-im-gonna-click-on-decline-decline-gif-20596371 Send this gif to them Guys.... I'd like to make a confession....
I never had a Happy meal ever in my life I never had a normal meal as well, it was always 2 burgers and french fries  I just saw the ISCI procedure on YT.... I need to stop looking at these videos they give me pins and needles in my arms It's fascinating and terrifying at the same time Micro world is terrifying Tbf, both the worlds are terrifying in their own way, it's just that we're used to one world's terrifying-ness fr They have more money than the rest of the world combined  :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: :kek: PRI I JUST NOW HAD MY DINNER AND I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING MY STOMACH HURTS Idk I can have whatever I want anytime Ohhhh best of luck you guys https://tenor.com/view/pikachu-gif-21381920 AWESOME FRAT YOU ROCK Pri don't ya dare monetize this server /jk My incognito insta acc got blocked by Instagram so I can't snoop around anymore Also girl needs to brush up her meme knowledge She should've used that Grim reaper knocking at the 4th door while the first 3 doors are open with blood spilled We literally have a love story in our Hindi syllabus and exams akejehrbdbdb Me when I see math You guys are cruel https://tenor.com/view/nope-stupid-slap-in-the-face-phone-gif-15151334 All math things should be discussed in a specific #math channel/thread  Drew  Me 
Mathphobia Algebra section was my most fav thing in school:raifepain: Similarity and mid point theorems I know that I can do math, but I hate by choice cause it makes me nervous Also my brain is kinda slow at equations I'm asking the same question GASP How dare you call them cheap generic things?! They were my life :takemymoney: Also worst gift is probably packs of biscuits Someone seriously gave me parle G biscuits as a gift once Better than parle G tho :kek: Ikr How do I put this? Uhm, *kanjus log* I mean, either they didn't knew what to get me as a gift or they didn't wanna spend much on a gift Me too I hate celebrating with relatives They either give me 100 INR note or biscuits :IDKher: Lucky November baby shenanigans here Ouch That's worse :ruserious: A digital artist got her ways I can use this sticker as well now :dogewink: Doesn't matter :judgeyfroge: Lemme open a bank acc first Yeah A classmate of mine has a math teacher as his mom and she teaches in our school as well I feel bad for him ngl OKAY sorry for my wording that does not sound good as a sentence URGH WHAT'S HAPPENING WITH ME I can't form legit sentences wtf is happening It's literally 11 rn Maybe I'm tired too Okay I've calmed down Maybe I gotta a few VN chapters and I'll sleep Yup It's the Hangover Also school starts tomorrow :KEKWhands: I know I'm doing it online anyways Yeah.... Imma go read HoT now Heart of Trespia Lol students want our teacher to spare us his English lecture rn A cheeseburger costs $5 while a salad costs $80 Ikr 10 INR for a bunch of Spinach and INR 500 for a burger I never had a burger that's below 50 Would've loved to We don't have a proper McDonald's in here so we eat it in the malls And you know how expensive malls are Yup Idk The stall ones are for 50 Outside the mall ones Wait I remember now they were for 45 actually I never ate a burger below 45 :ruserious: *cries in McDonald's* Covid turned everything up Also update: Vegetables here have gone up in prices thanks to foggy weather Pandemic bad. Very bad. Me too Not to mention flowers need to be sold that day only or they'll wither away I used to just pluck a flower from the garden :kek: I remember the garden incharge being furious about it You're the next lvl of goody-2 shoes :ruserious: Women like wearing gazrahs Meanwhile I don't like them, they get stuck in my hair That's a type of question you really don't wanna ask me :IDKher: I've changed 8 schools till 10th grade I've been through all the parts of my state Father's company made him transfer through the whole state Even before I was born -Playgroup
-Nursery
-Kindergarten 1 and 2
-1st and 2nd half std
-2nd half and 3rd std
-4 th and 5th std
-6th half std
-6th half - 10th std I lasted in a school for less than 2 yrs except for the last one :kek: I'll show them my report cards and tcs :kek: Saw people defend Liam on Tumblr for not winning the poll :hmm: Pri wth so many keks My sibling used to watch PJMasks so much :blobsweat: Happy Birth Adam!  :BooParty: Hope you'll enjoy the day What's a VK? What app is it? Bhaiya *no* :kek: +Respect +Congratulations :kek: I'm currently eating a new creation of one of the famous biscuit company 
They made a biscuit that look and taste like potato chips It's.... Like eating thin monacos with chat masala ,img Britania Potato biscuits It tastes moderate I can't consider it chips tho They taste like tangy Marie biscuit Mara biscuits :kek: I just wanna get over 2005 :sadclown: I want it Okay so :waitwha: Congratulations Aaron you deserve it
+Respect :PleasePBJustStop: I use mobile :samwtf: Hey Aaron, Mara tried to bean you Also good morning :CharmanderHi: You're the king afterall ofc you remain Guten abend fellow peeps Ouch https://tenor.com/view/white-guy-blinking-white-guy-blinking-wtf-gif-7831341 Imma pray for your family Voltra Fingers crossed for you guys are negative Getting covid is a torture I won't wish for anyone to go through it Hope you guys are okay Oh that's good Congratulations Voltra :UmiYay: Rainfall is a correct option but I'm doubtful about reservoir draw down It can be all options but then again this is a higher level paper  Yeah I feel like it's D as well BIG F In conclusion: Swiggy bad, Local dhabha zindabaad Dhabhas are the best Lol Same with Meesho I never had momos in my life qkwnebsbs Tbh there's so many popular food items that I haven't tried I never had a donut, waffle or Mac n cheese either Sed life I'm not lying :sadclown: Non veg I'll have some once I get out of my city to go to Pune It's 9.15 there while it's 9.16 in my phone Yes Hello king :samwtf: If you find that book tolerable then yes I guess Oh how will I tell people about my art now  Oh wait, I'm not an Apple user EXCUSE ME HOW TELL ME @Priyudi you can't just put the dark mode in there and not tell me how you did that okay????? :SadCat::redhotblaine: Lucky for me I use mobile brb OMG OMG OMG OMG I feel like I found a secret passage To get the amoled theme I'm so sorry Mara you have to go through it again :Dopeysad: +sympathy +dark chocolate +oof +Frat Oh that's really common in WhatsApp WhatsApp doesn't hold a candle to Discord A lighter to the fucking matchstick yossss We did Boomer didn't Under the ocean baby shark baby shark! Mommy shark! daddy shark Doo doo doo doo doo doo I stole Mara's emote (kind of) Ugh wait a min the frame got messed up @Priyudi do you have a clapping peepo gif file in 56*56 ratio?? No thanks We're good? Good. :waitwha: :kek: Now I wanna give a mod application just to tease Mara Pri buy me Nitro please Naw it's okay, being a mod of more than 1 server will be a burden on me Tution classes chalu karle, paise kamaa aur mujhe birthday gift samajhke nitro de pass karle phir tution me sikha Hinglish rocks So Mara admits making her a mod was a mistake? I'm filling this application rn Pri don't go away :kek: @Priyudi you got the response? Thanks akwnendbee I TOLD YA IT WAS IST THANK YOU :dogeheart: Pri you saw the rest of my application? :MunchlaxMunch: Wait only Pri can read it right? RIGHT? Explanation: I am only in 5 servers so I have more time Oh good :samhelpme: I don't mind akskene post it Oh wait reading problem :SadCat: Also to answer this: I wanted to know the juicy secrets of PB cause I was a huge Choices dork at that time.
Now I'm "All hail RC" all the time and Chonces who? Come join the RC server Pri show us Layhurs responses Ayy you're welcome Sorry for typo I wanted to write Their I have the right to shit on my own art I'm the creator of it :kek: Sorry not sorry I'm too lazy and am going through an artblock Lol heheheheh Nah it ain't you Isn't it pretty obvious??? It's true :kek: Nope wrong again I've blocked a lot of users :worrysip: They were geniune :worrysip: We love you too Voltra You guys be thinking being mod is a job  Wtf guys Change it back Mara Sad. Mocha-tea Juice? Dw I didn't put you as well I hate Metta, Metta sucks https://tenor.com/view/heroes-thats-what-heroes-do-thor-ragnarok-thor-thats-gif-20445883 Instead of Heroes, there We Someone rat on Mara before?? ~~Brb~~ LMFAO Layhurs and I share a same braincell You dare think I like to get myself banned? Actually, no Chaotic big siso :kek: Nah :) :butwhy: Well This Nonsense Again?! WHA I made a troll response yes :MunchlaxMunch: No idea what you're talking about :waitwha: LAYHURS :kek: Pri show us Perry's answers My bad SHOW DO IT Drew you're the big bully just do it Do it Or you did and don't want us to demand it Show us Lu's I haven't cried since ages Everyone does :SadCat: I kill them before they kill me tho -Respect IKR I can just hack their accs instead Pri show us the responses Layhurs is about to sleep :kek: :kek: Ofc sweetie ||Why do cute animals gotta die||  I'm dead omg Pri do it Well it ain't secret no more Me too I'll eat at the buffet BISCUITS NOT COOKIES Finger chips :kek: Scale Pri invite me to your wedding or I'm blocking you Being Ace diesnt mean she can't marry Me too Normalise people not wanting to get engaged/married PRI I'M IN A PLANE TO BANGALORE IM COMING THERE Normalise not wanting children And Ace people can still be engaged in romantic relationships cause romantic spectrum and sexual spectrum are different Normalise people telling their bothering relatives to stop bothering them and not consider it a backlash Pri are you gonna share anymore responses? Mom's telling me to.got.to sleep But I'll miss the fun of engaging in them I'm too lazy to read the previous messages :SadCat: Lemme make is understandabke Lu: 
Indian gifts: We'll gift them a piece from the household furniture/kitchenware Nah they gotta refund the money through the dinner buffet :samwtf: Spoiler spoiler alert: Metta looses to Aku Nah, you win the court and I overthrow you LU SLEEP https://tenor.com/view/burn-notice-michael-weston-jeffrey-donovan-gun-gun-cock-gif-18299992 Sleep Lu Lu keep you device aside and rest.
This is a threat. Fun fact: Blue rays from screen don't let you sleep Me too ajsnensne Wrong reply moment I've seen people fall asleep in VC I'm very careful about my device's battery, y'all will never find me sleeping in VC You ain't bad yourself babe That movie oh my goodness :SadCat: I KISSED A GIRL I LIKED IT TYPO WILL YOU EVER LEAVE ME ALONE Yes I never used Spotify Fanah hooooo Disappointed she didn't sing Jaane Dooooo Anyways if I had Discord Nitro I'd make this my profile banner cause that's too accurate :pomg: Go back to #scary-content-only That's Basmati tho, Basmati is expensive But yeah I get what you mean Longest Aged ||Rice|| Whoa I've eaten like, 4 types of rices till now Are they serious? $5 for 1 kg Sir you got it now? We've been infected since we entered here Do 18-6 layhurs QUICK Good 2827*91-8+81 Layhurs? Layhurs you've been infected you took too much time :judgeyfroge: :okboomer: Pani Puri da best Yuck jaljeera is not good Lasun is good, Regular is the best
Idk how my parents and everyone loves Hajma Hajam like it's too sweet :kek: Let the summers begin Don't charge it Anyways I've turned into an Amrakhand Cookie and now one dare eat me +Akukie Akukie literally says "A cookie" wjsjendbd This'll always be in my head :kek: Lol I'd keep the conversation cause ily  NGL this has been the scene lately, that's why I wrote about it in my about me I've been receiving DMs, I try to be polite and talk to them but end the convo quickly, they DM me again 
Idk why but dming makes me anxious and like, I wanna get out of there as quickly as possible Exactly You guys ever roast both your parents at a same time with a single sentence? 
And they don't get it so you all laugh it off? I-it happens accidentally! Tho you won't believe the number of times I've done it.... See y'all next year :wokeuplikethis: Going into hibernation till next year bye bye :zoeywink: Looks like my mind when mom asks me how to make pasta:kek: Looks delicious AYYY another INTJ  I made my mom sit down and take the test for 30 mins, she got so bored during that ajshsbsb Until next year Pri! She will make her 4th reentry no matter what we say DO NOT DARE JINX IT LAYHURS Meanwhile I'm playing Heaven's Secret on New Year :IDKher: Ouchie Wow Me with Romance Club and Shadow Fight Gems  Oh before that It's an event where every diamond option is free for 48 hrs No matter what book, and all your purchasesmade during Diamond Rush are saved It's happened tho Not to mention they did Heaven's Secret and Chasing You freeplays ...Frat you're 3 days late THE WHOLE BOOK IS FREE, NO KEYS OR GEMS NEEDED YOU MISSED IT I'm replaying HS S3 rn Only 7 hrs remaining Yup Tho all the books have F MCs Only one book has M MC And they're both genderlocked Don't get me started on that :ohmyyyyyy: They show Pandits sacrificing people to Kali Mata like WHAT WHEN HOW anyways HAPPY NEW YEAR MY PEEPS Nah I'm superior than him he should be the one getting pun lessons from me :Periodt: Also that status is 2 months old now ajsnsnsbd But I still love it Yup :kek: Just except the fact I *drew* rn my dear :ChrisEvansPeriodt: I'm *Perry* good at that I'm 100% *Aku*rate You may even start *Kaleen* me the Pun Goddess Try me bish Imma start *dabbing* on your attempts now Oh I already *drew* your name your *pun* title through the mud Okay imma stop now before Mara comes in and *Sakura*'s my a$$ I guess that indeed is akuntable Goodnight queen Voltra You gotta *Lay*hurs it Mmmmm tastes good Metta......:redhotblaine: Mara wha.......? Wow +Respect +||~~Another topic to tease Mara with~~|| Yes I didn't have any fanfic to read atm so why not Didn't knew Americans had 13 months :judgeyfroge: :kek: OH ~~I've been waiting for this day~~ NO Also meanwhile my phone: *Lu no* :kek: Bel you disappointed Lu  Sign me up *sad noises* :pomg: Oh oh oh  Man nothing like suddenly gaining the power and completing the notes for 4 whole chapters at night when teachers announce the deadline all of a sudden HUH who's slandering Mara? Mara ne Mara ko mara :kek: Alaaaaah Mara dala @Priyudi see I'm not the only one No Who's Neville wfyiivthhwfy Ah Harry Potter
I never watched it or read it nope No Mara July 26 for me July 420 Novuary 33rd Ayyyyy  Mara do not traumatise me with this plz  NO AHHHHHH NO DREW SHUT UP Mouth I'm going through PMS Same Voltra same Mara is wild today I'm feeling kinda weird :worrysip: Kraken Yikes Drew better run You can swim? Whenever you say babe Oooh Doryyyy Man I love her sm Establish MaraLand Wait Lu you aren't married???? A man Idk who tho Shut you *Pun*ny a$$ You....did...... Cheating man it's 12 am I can't think of anything I'm gonna go metta insane Lu go find your fae-vourite dress  Damm Drew where are you Just when i make pun :PleasePBJustStop: Welp imma go sleep now gnite Lu  Gnite everyone Mara plzzzzz I'm already tired :kek: Also Jesus Christ @Metta :waitwha: :waitwha: :waitwha: Yes
Yes you do How dare you not include me in the team YASS Unfortunately we don't listen to you  Tru tru :SONIAWINK: :deargodhelp: SORRY :SadCat: Yes yes plz stay like that Also yesterday we were talking about periods
Guess who got her period today? :wokeuplikethis: My stomach is being stabbed RN oof Mara    Ho ho ho! WAIT Lmfao yes I use the fakta trick a lot ngl You drank Santa water Mettatorship? Wait he's not a admin? Ohh Well planned Maratorship? What about the  emote Or this: :yeetedtothemax: Ayyyy Pri same here (talking about your status) Also hey Mara I don't stan SuJu, should I be worried? Oh. Wait Layhurs you stan SuJu as well?! Layhurs? LAYHURS?! Damn he left Idk if that changes anything :worrysip: Meanwhile I'm into Kdrama more than Kpop Bye bye I'm going offline My head already hurts thanks to periods :blobsweat: Also anyone watching/watched "Happiness" kdrama? My head hurts so much it's not even trying to process this meme and make me feel pain Squid Game, Strong Woman Do Bong Soon and now Happiness
All these three have crimes, blood, murder and some comedy (tho Strong Woman is a comedy crime drama and I really recommend watching it, it's worth it) Maratree Strong Woman is 16 eps as well, happiness is 12-13 ig It's about a peanut sized savage queen with Superman powers Basically that power runs through all the females in her family And they loose their powers if used for bad things/ hurting innocent people Shararat? :wut: What..... Is that You are I don't watch Hindi shows They're a disappointment Okay but you need to watch Strong Woman pls :worrysip: :UmiYay: Can't wait for you to see Park Hyung Sik and his amazing acting Nope *do not snicker do not snicker do not snicker* Nooooo I just drank milk Bye bye gotta shower now :raifepain: Happiness gave me nothing but sadness and I hate it for giving me an emotional trauma :cryingSUJUemoteMarausedinherlastmessagehere: Totally recommend watching it tho I went to school for a whole week and suddenly a week long lockdown strikes back At this rate imma hurl myself through the window EVERYTHING WAS GOING SMOOTHLY WHY :waitwha: At this rate I wont even score good marks in exams help Lol Rs100 Them trying to make you pay for the petrol ig Man all I do is sit on my bed and watch kdramas, skipping the kissing scenes during my 16 I'm just too pure to do bad things *continues murdering the insect I captured* Anyways Lu my respect for you went  I almost set my beloved grandma's house on fire, if it weren't for my brother and me putting out the fire on time
AT 5 I was 5 y/o that time Me being 5'4 I had just learned how to burn matches and was going around setting things on fire, until I went to my grandma's storeroom full of wires and wood and set a water purifier on fire I'll forget everything but that incident kwjwjejebebe What height energy do I give off??? Sksksksksksksks Damn Lu you're good Ikr it's really rare when my messages get starred and now it  A CRIME VOLTRA HOW Also it just tastes like mango ice-cream with a hint of normal shrikhand, nothing new but I still prefer it over shrikhand Yum It's a thicc mango ice-cream that doesn't melt I find it too sweet for my taste kswkejenebr That's almonds and saffron. Optional tho Rasgulla tho :ohhh: Layhurs Wait I can understand how you didn't I don't either I love spicy food Sweet food makes me nauseous Nah I ain't giving it to you this time You're not alone :SONIAWINK: Lol I get it it's a tad bit dry when eating and tends to get stuck in your throat if not soggy enough My mom hates it as well I'm used to it Sir you're trying to provoke me arent ya? It's not gonna work Lol I get it Every sweet has its flaws as well Tho the reason I like rasgulla is that it doesn't make me nauseous Depends on your answer  Same here Hate it I'm geniune Yes send here Didnt expect this Australian wkwnebebev Me bari ahe What's sg? Do it. Sent it here I got summer as well That's the only thing I found familiar in the entire list! That and chai Meaning? What is it stuffed with? I eat it everyday :judgeyfroge: Roasted thin roti with chai I eat that with my mom almost everyday Lol it's atleast somehow familiar than the rest of the dishes Get of your mobile and dream about your future husband That's up to you Dream about future husbands then Plural Romance Club's version of Gaius Augustine I can already hear Mara's triggered noises AW YISS Also I'm the only one who got Australian? :waitwha: I murdered them already Wait I wasnt supposed to say that :pomg: Do it for my name :worrysip:  S Lmfao jinx Go to Typo Jail Layhurs :Bonk: That's exactly why Passionate about Gaius and getting me banned I did it myself kajebebe It was my idea afterall Why not act on it You do realise your inviting me to tease you even more right? Pri try Akanksha as well plz I respect that Even I'd do the same I got this for Akanksha kawnenbe e My name definitely isn't common It's the least common Pri 9 How No it's not ajwnebebe I know none atm :pomg: YASS Do it Pri you're not UWU Lol I just remembered there's a ripoff version of Lays called Legs Legs chips :kek: :boiii: Pricrastination  Me trying to watch a new Kdrama but the last Kdrama did some impact on me and I can't move on from it Lamo Ikr Ironic Only happens on PCF Idk why but they make me uncomfortable Like if someone DMs me I just get out of there as soon as possible Unless I'm the one who's trying to talk about something important 6?! Now that's impossible since the only time there's 6 people online is when Voltra, Mara and Lu are online as well Or atleast one of them I DIDN'T PING YOU DID I ```@MaralinaSakura ``` Did this ping?? Good ```!sudo $deleting @Priyudi account``` Guess whose acc I'm feeling sleepy due to the vaccine shot so sorry I'm not trying to actually delete it Pri I was just messing around:kek: Say that to my stinging arm ```Hack @Priyudi``` Nah I can't hack I'm not a coding master ```>Delete @Akuna Matata``` Sorry I ain't doing it by choice :samhelpme: Now the above person just spat bullshit And I appreciate having a hacker friend with me incase a harrassing person dms me and I have to take their acc down ~~My big cousin and uncle are computer science majors and my other cousin's husband works in cybersecurity~~ Also backdoor handshake:kek: Here's tissues Mara pls don't cry https://tenor.com/view/stop-crying-wipe-tears-love-cute-tissue-gif-15944587 https://tenor.com/view/snape-booty-snape-booty-hump-gif-14603768 Why does this exist Anyways anything to make you laugh Because you love side characters more than main characters :true true emote Pri uses from STEM: https://tenor.com/view/smack-laughing-what-was-that-for-ron-weasley-gif-14773789
Mara @ me Woohoo Happy reading Don't cry after finishing it :PleasePBJustStop: Imma prepare more tissues Fanfic for Mara
||*Snape trapped you in a conner of his private library and whispered in your ear* 
Snape: You're beautiful 
*His eyes darken with desire*
Y/N: So are you 
*The library was pregnant with desire, sparks were flying between you. Unable to hold any further, you made a move and your lips touched each other's*|| I made you giggle, that's all I care about  Also I can't stop myself From rewatching Happiness Time to find Snape simps online :pomg: Also who changed my nickname? It's good When I tell you I always get confused between Metta and Carter like :CandidCarter: I look at this and go "Ah that's Metta" And @ Carter No Action Jackson is Carter And then Wait a min I mixed up again How can you do this Metta?! Pri why do you have @Lavender role????? Don't tell me you're a bot as well :ohgodohduck: Pie is death I HATE YOU I HATE YOU I HATE YOU Spielerland Spielerland: Pies Only Love it Hey Mara, what do you think about Snapeland??? Also F ...... Belated birthday??? :samhelpme: Nah I'll leave that to professionals It's up there Man I should've added a bg to the  server icon It looks empty What bg do you want??? :wut: You want Snape to eat Barry :sadhours: @conceptualisedbygogol I hate cars as well cause motion sickness  :MunchlaxMunch: Cars are fun only in GTA https://tenor.com/view/gta-v-flip-gaming-driving-drive-gif-17855462 :KEKWhands: Bolas MC: Imma kill them with kisses first :KEKWhands: Who's shoving log up whose ass? Gaius wants a log shoved up his ass? By Pri? Biaus I hc Gaius as bi 
Therefore Biaus No Mara you're Gaiusexual Nagini?! What in the Harry Potter world???? https://tenor.com/view/espn-eminem-uncomfortable-marshall-laughing-gif-3494498 Even admins need a break sometimes TOO LATE I HATE IT I'M BLOCKING YOU Alright I'll spare the blocking this time :butwhy: Awwww come here https://tenor.com/view/mochi-peachcat-mochi-peachcat-hug-pat-gif-19092449 https://tenor.com/view/snape-booty-snape-booty-hump-gif-14603768 Because of audience like me and lays https://tenor.com/view/really-snape-severussnape-allanrickman-harrypotter-gif-4661770 Snape protecting his children  He'll save you from the rangers Mara *Dangers Mario Anyways Mara the verdict came, change the icon Of the server Sounds like a dish In the middle Gaius with Snape topping and Lockhart sauce 
Perfect meal for Mara He's being burnt as a candle beside We're planning a whole dinner date for Mara hm Bold of you to assume my insta acc didn't got taken down thinking I was a bot https://tenor.com/view/baby-shark-song-dance-daddy-shark-gif-12340747 Tmw you loose to a children's poem Guys plz recommend me a Hindi patriotic song that I can sing in a competition My pitch is lower Yeah that'll do as well, but I'm afraid almost everyone might choose that akekenenrb Same to you dear! ~~Mara and I got same type of statuses now~~ Okay but if you don't find Park Hyung Sik cute in any way I don't trust you https://tenor.com/view/park-hyung-sik-smile-gif-11074948 Him He's an actor Cannot believe I'm staning a real man tho I've never stanned a real actor/actress before, he's the first one :IDKher: I did say "Find him cute in any way" You said he's cute That's it I trust you Oh no I'm so sorry Mara Sorry for the ping He ain't wrong tho Okay but I've stanned a real human person I never stanned a real human person before It was always fictional characters Guess I'm not Pixelsexual afterall But can't help it PHS is too cute  Also my definition of stanning is just staring at them and wanting to hug them, nothing else So no Mara even I don't wanna kiss him :KEKWhands:  I don't have those fantasies to begin with :ruserious: Y'all are safe from me :ruserious: Layhurs you're forgetting something Even tho I'd like to deny it, Mara and I have a lot of similarities regarding behaviour Mara what's you MBTI? Layhurs yours as well Oh SHIT SORRY I wanted to turn off the ping and accidentally tapped the arrow button https://tenor.com/view/ill-just-leave-now-the-simpsons-homer-simpson-good-bye-bye-gif-14711241 And they are??? Alrighty Wait it was a joke? :sadhours: Wait a timing Tatsu.... What a timing Ah I'm INTJ according to it Well it's true regarding my behaviour offline Oooohk You're basically someone I should stay away from 
AKSJEJD JK JK you and I will get along really well :BeauBait: Hmm I'm taking a test as well rn to see if I'm still an INTJ or what skenee Really? I'm not an INTJ anymore AOSHEBRBR Nah it's wrong I'm not an ISTJ The descriptions of INTJ fit perfectly instead ISTJ descriptions are not me Oh I will :trueTrue: Aw I missed that sight :( Where :KEK: I wanna hear it now Aw :SadCat: Hey I have a question: Does anyone even use the animated emotes from this server??? It's from this server? :ruserious: :waitwha: Mara took her name seriously (sorry Mara akwjwbebeb) I had donuts today for the first time  They weren't like I expected them to be ajebeeofhrbebeb I expected them to be sweeter It's a medium sweet fried bread with chocolate glaze over it I had this food combination for the first time Welp I think I'll stick to cakes tho But then again desserts make me nauseous everytime so :IDKher: I gotta make them at home one day I don't trust the bakery ones Can we play together? **APP STORE** Who are you? I would've made a sarcastic comment if i did knew about real estate shenanigans If i drew anything about it I'm pritty sure I would've made an akurate pun atleast A what :ruserious: Wait you guys don't eat the entire cornfield? Wait, stan means stalker fans??? :ruserious: Me too :ruserious: :GaibooShock: :ruserious: Wow I'd like to live there A housefly takes revenge on the person who seperated him from his love life
I remember Star Gold channel having that movie on everytime I tunned that channel. Just like Sony Max with Sooryavanshm (old movie of Amitabh Bacchan) Never had any pie myself either Oh no
Metta is now Will Willta sounds feminine Mewill.... :worry: Mam have you not met the fandom yet? Mam I'm not into DILFs  Sorry I'm watching a bl kdrama RN :SadCat: https://tenor.com/view/snape-booty-snape-booty-hump-gif-14603768 This'll always crack me up Indeed :ruserious: Uhmmmm what's the event about exactly? Without me? I'M. HURT. :immashootyou: *sobs* Anyways what about your cooking karishma?? Lol we need a title for your chaos Khaana Khazaana Pri ke Sath I thought that was a banana  https://tenor.com/view/hnnng-heart-attack-heart-attack-meme-oof-ow-gif-24467984 Lays I hate you sm rn Also it's 2 and 4 "If none, press skip" Aaaaaand I've done the forbidden action
I apologize Why are you opening discord while getting dressed? And you have discord on Why would you be active while dressing up tho? Anyways you should go back to getting dressed I won't bother you :garbryce: Lu's sent a pic like that before? :ruserious: Wtf am I growing then?! Why does my chest feel pain then :worry: UGH I'M SORRY Sorry I wanted to reply to Maria's sticker akenenen Autocorrect  :KEKWhands: https://tenor.com/view/harry-potter-excuse-me-what-did-i-do-snape-gif-19981324 He says "I love you Miss Maralina" Y'all need Jesus Hey Mara do you have any Choe Chan Yi stickers? Shut it Metta you're digging my grave You too Drew (Metta I'm sorry if I sound harsh akebebebe) :samhelpme: You don't deserve it :worry: I'm allowed to insult you anytime https://tenor.com/view/dc-young-fly-screaming-laugh-laughing-hysterically-gif-17953744 I know I shouldn't laugh but AHAHAHAHAHAAHHHHHH Nvm you're not into kdramas  I'm...not a Taurus :worry: NOOOOOOOOOOOOO Mara you've been simping for Snape since 2016?? I'm impressed by your dedication   :pomg: Hey Mara guess what we share the same MBTI Huh how what Snape's got 2 MBTIs ig INTPs and INTJs are quite similar as well so it explains I knew it Weiss aksbeebbee It's fun imo so I use it I don't totally rely on it tho I'm INTJ-T What's your MBTI Pri? Same as Mara Aowkwjeb :oliviastab: It did to me as well. I retook the test and i got ISTJ 
But it didn't fit me I.... Don't know of any It's also said that INTJs and INTPs need the opposite personality for better compatibility For INTPs, ENTJs are the most compatible For INTJs well..... There's anyone starting with EN Sure he's your soulmate if he's an ENTJ I'm crying so hard RN this person has written way to many crackships I didn't knew of Gordon Ramsay x Snape smut I'm loosing it Also for my fellow Desi peeps: Nobita x Dekisugi
Bheem x Chutki x Indumati throuple
Neha Kakkar x Himesh Reshammiya
Dhinchak Pooja x Reader And more I just in loosing it :dead: Should I send the link? :megadrian: Yes I didn't read it tho :KEK: https://herondalesunsetcurve.tumblr.com/post/667167928853118976/pairing-chef-daddy-gordon-ramsay-x-severus
Here you go *pat pat* :KEK: Thank me later :megadrian: Oh that isn't the worst one Wait lemme send you the masterlist ss Her writing is really good tho :worrysip: The RD Sharma x RS Agarwal brought back war flashbacks and made me cry ~~I ship Nobita x Dekisugi so i ain't complaining~~ Tell me about it  I shouldn't've laughed "TataSky is now TataPlay" I GOT THAT ALREADY STOP SHOWING ME THOSE ADS 24/7 Love how "shitty" actually means "whistle" in Marathi :KEK: I bet on whoever wins :smart: True :raifepain: https://tenor.com/view/chocolate-spongebob-fish-rage-love-chocolate-gif-4938413 Uh Mara, what happened to your roles? Pri you still high on maggi masala? WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT PRIYA SHARMA HOW COULD YOU IT DESERVES THE OVERRATEDNESS I can't live without Maggi Every other day I need Maggi I create different types of Maggies as well Patanjali? I'm so glad that abomination died Even patanjali biscuits were like...... I won't call them biscuits Wish that could be me I've consumed Patanjali biscuits, noodles and chavanprash I'd like to erase those memories My cousin used Patanjali toothpaste and facewash I once used Patanjali shampoo and gosh my hair became a smelly mess *Ayurveda* So glad this Patanjali trend died last year Baba Ramdev himself got covid, so people started letting Patanjali go Yes EW Lays that was gross indeed Wait Mara it's your birth today? Why's she having every role :KEK: Wait I have a role as well??? PRI GIMME THAT ROLE Aerin apologist role Give it Yessssss thanks Pri :UmiYay: Behold Mara Finally, a person who has more role than Metta on this server Aw i thought this was a server sticker :( She's server grandpa and server baby at a same time She's you as well Metta She's muted as well :KEK: Mara is muted in her own server *gasp* 2 mins remaining to submit the project Pri Oh shit I just remembered about my bio portfolio Thanks for reminding me Pri Exams from day after tomorrow and I still haven't started studying :raifepain: I don't want to :Dopeysad: It's maths Also I'm currently sick I stabbed Santa Claus because I am sexy :KEK: Layhurs and i going on a killing spree after ruling Belvoire If you're sexy and you know it slap your nose!
Slap slap I would've told you my animal but that reveals my age :raifepain: Lol my sibling's a snake. Very accurate ~~Very accurate indeed in that case~~ Meanwhile people think I'm 10 y/o older than my current age Like no I'm not an experienced therapist leave me alone :samhelpme: :O No one does imo The media just over exaggerates everything It's on your year not on your month No pri you're not a snake :( I'm rather surprise just like sails in the fog But the Arcanum surrounding me is much much better than Heaven's Secret The FBI was asleep sorry
Also you're being charged for identify theft of Carter from QB Yes you are afraid of jail Because i have the perfect torture weapon for you Metta is one meta scary jailer Yeah lol i read that akejebdbd 
Man Krrish 3 brings back memories :KEK: Also Drew you get to be Maxwell's favourite squid??? :( Your role :( Nah pink color suits you Also that horny hoe red is brown  Yes  Book squad is having darker shade of red Horny hoe is brown :ianwhyyyyyy: Anyways pink suits you I can see your name more clearly You can't blame a girl who keeps her brightness on this level Lays what is that :sadhours: Hey Drew you got white man's whore as well Ahhhhhhh noooooooo His color is back :( How am i supposed to read his name now :Dopeyangry: I have my UV protectors u.u Also glasses are for identifying characters not colors Atleast in my experience Bel stop torturing my eyes :Dopeysad: @Belbercike ** ** I use asterisks instead Double asterisks on both side of a space Voltra ** ** ** ** There are 2 ways _ _ Oooh underscore works too ** ** Get to discord AMOLE Metta Like me Basically a theme thats pitch black @Metta like this one  I don't use insta unless i wanna lurk on some topics not popular enough on Tumblr :Goos: Aw no NQN here I ran my face through a cartoon AI filter and now i look like a legit fictional character from a visual novel Love you too Fae :dogeheart: My 2sday ends after 38 minutes :KEKWhands: I used to call fries "finger chips" Mayo? I just exit the video and click on it again I wanna watch that show as well but im scared to start another kdrama considering i still haven't moved on from Light On Me Ah it really is rather gruesome Also as usual i have spoiled the story to myself I know what's gonna happen and who's dead- Also cussing. A lot of cussing They curse like, every minute Lol idk but i feel bad while cursing wkenensjaks Lmfao I mean, my thoughts are exactly like that as well But no output Oh and I'm like that on daily basis I get you Drew Math is frustrating Swear more Mara Not even a severe curse Mara really is targetting the minor audience :worrysip: Or she isnt Good You have 8 OCs whoa I created 4 OCs in my entire life, 2 of them abandoned/deleted, 2 of them is treasured or archived you can say Managing OCs is a piece of work and i really admire your will RIP Lata Mangeshkar  I just saw the news on TV Yes  :megadrian: :megadrian: :megadrian: :heheadrian: No this is Aku Love you too Voltra :dogeheart: Me too guys  LAYS This is very wrong :cooldown: Where's the "Absolutely worse" option? Same here Lu, my face is just as it is but more tanned and infested with acne Puberty hit everywhere but my face Teenage problems Same here Voltra, i get big big painful bumps whenever I'm pms-ing Also the weird thing is that my hands are fairer than my face Like that doesn't make sense everyone around me has hands darker than the face Hmmmm :ruserious: :waitwha: :waitwha: :waitwha: You sure that isn't Lu? :ruserious: Mara you sly man's who-- ....:raifepain: Mara you sly man's whore There Drew Omg it feels Strange gbtxdbftkx Mara don't bring out your ban hammer *You better star that it took efforts* I feel bad calling you a whore It was never your feelings, it was mine I mean, that's what you wanted :KEK: I know Drew i know  I'll kill someone but i draw line are swearing  Men are disgusting yes Not you Drew you're not disgusting I was gonna add "you're worse" :SONIAWINK: :Periodt: Can we go back to Mara saying a 5 y/o infant is having a boyfriend???? Ohhhhhhh Yeah i remember that scene :KEK: You guys giving them nicknames idk if I'm laughing or crying :dead: I really wanna tell you but it's a spoiler Mara on the other hand Even your mother knows you simp for Snape huh I'm proud of you :BeauBait: Yay me and Mara have same hair _ _ _ _ Erised+
 
     Love you too Drew  
 +Perfection This is beautiful :dogewink: A friend on another server said Megamind smirking and Tyril smiling look alike :ethonks: It isn't loading Dimpled megamind  KAJEJEKEKFNRBF So.... Did you get the yass pass? How dare you question Drew's incredible taste in TV shows?? /Jk /lh :megadrian: :Dopeysurprised: Good morning Pri :PleasePBJustStop: Sometimes i wonder if you're aiming for a night shift job America is a whole different breed Lays And you guys always surprise me Must be fun huh Mmmmhmmm Also @conceptualisedbygogol i ate pani puri for dinner yesterday :KEKWhands: 13 homemade pani puris I still don't get murica till now Reminder that I never had a grapefruit before He was right tho She was right tho Just like my whole class except myself XD Yes It hit us with assignments And mafs :ruserious: Whoa Happy Valentine's Day my lovely peeps I love y'all https://tenor.com/view/i-love-you-very-much-love-you-more-the-office-rain-wilson-screaming-gif-16476264 :dogeheart: :dogeheart: :dogeheart:    https://tenor.com/view/cute-bear-love-you-blow-kiss-muah-gif-15588404 Your name is Sam??? :samwtf: Then why Sam??? :samwtf: I need new username ideas guys Something that'll include "Aku" My brain stopped working recently I'm stealing Voltra's brand I see Hmmm We found the first simpable president  I respect you for sticking with Justin I never played SK alakejdjcuc Tbh I haven't played a fair amount of books myself Yes Surrender happened and STD surrendered Now i want KFC :takemymoney: Oof I still want it Also my hormones need to stop making me fall for every person who's good to me It's tiring Guys any tips on how to reduce acne? My forehead is fully infested and won't stop Without medications tho cause my parents are like "It's normal for your age" Nope I don't use anything on my face except facewash and moisturizer My parents won't let me apply them tho They're always "Improve your diet", "Workout daily" and "They'll go away in a few days" They are the type of people who believe in "natural beauty"  Also hey I'm finally green!!!! :UmiYay: Hmmmmm Alright I'll try I'll try these Time to cut down on greasy food :Periodt: Tbh I drink only water as well I can't drink anything else during winter My sinus blows up 5 glasses atleast here as well ....... I'll start drinking moar watah :angydoggo: Thanks Mara I drink like, 4 litres per day Explains the amount of times i have to visit a toilet Is 2 litres okay? Alright :ethonks: So,
Drink enough water
Cut out greasy food
Wash your face with a soap bar
Wash with water atleast 3 times a day You and I both know that's out of of my league Anyways let's see how things work out :KEKWhands: I can now finally visit Mara :megadrian: Hm lemme try that wait a sec I just screamed Gaius
Apparently from the way I pronounce that name, it sounded like the plural form of cows (in my language) and now my mom's having a questioning look on her face Mara don't tell me you're my mom :pomg: :ohmyyyyyy: You're my bestie too, Mr. Moo juice  I feel like TNA MC all of a sudden /jk ~~I deleted Snapchat~~ Awww Drew  :JudgeyJen: :waitwha: Damm I have a question 'What is this project exactly about?' Sounds inch resting Pri-bargaining :dogewink: Btw where's Pri? Haven't seen her in days Are her exams going on? Kaleen Bhaiya you got nitro??? Another one, fallen into the trap  Oh, the fallen one has come back Also how nice of them Atleast you get to use nitro for a month :KEKWhands:   I'd like to come to Cali I still have my bitmoji keyboard kajeejnene Marathi bolayla avdhel mala pan  Gujarati as well??? Ohhhhhh That's really interesting Bruh I'm hurt :SadCat: HUGGO IS HERE TO RESCUE YOU https://tenor.com/view/monsters-inc-boo-hug-big-hug-gif-24350322 Take medications Pri And eat Maggi Maggi cures everything https://tenor.com/view/noodles-lunch-noods-gif-12842314 Eat this then Or ask anyone else to make Maggi Also Pri I ate Maggi with Doritos yesterday and it tasted awesome Ouch :( Ouch I won't show you the photo in #show-yourself then Sleep I don't have the energy as well cause of second dose :KEKWhands: I missed the singing competition today cause of it Hm okay so, everything was fine until they added the pudina pani in it Only Maggi inside a puri might taste good yes Lucio and I are critical as well  Aries and Capricorn are compatible  Signs compatibility And the server members getting disappointed That picture This one ~~What's a hyperlink? I'm stupid~~ There's no test Lays That's simply your sign and the desired partner's sign And see if there's a X, - or O In that picture Yeah Why did I expect Sage to be Leo akwnwhebebrb .......... Ow :samhelpme: ~~do it~~ :ruserious: ~~Time to turn you into a ghost~~ ~~brb learning necromancy~~ I see I'm a walnut now Thanks Pri :CharmanderHi: If only you were above me @DaHomieDrew :KEK: :KEK: :KEK: I'm scared to ask what that exactly means now :ethonks: Also Happy Birthday @bi-bi-bich :BooParty: :wut: Awwww Drew is going to become a vet :toooocute: I'm so proud Humans need somewhere to live as well :( It's okay Adam don't worry I don't fancy mangoes that much as well And I never had pies before Want me to come there and keep you company? ~~and roast her~~ Where's Doraemon when we need him?? >:( @conceptualisedbygogol do you know that tiktok dance on Kachaa Badam? Oh thank god you don't know that dance trend My whole family is doing that dance i need help :SadCat: Me neither It's turned irritating I had a stroke reading this Good luck :deargodhelp: But its Marach rn D: Well that'll be fantastic considering from tomorrow my 4-in-a-row exams are gonna start and end on May :takemymoney: Yay Jan never ends :D Just search "Snape calendars" on google and send her a pic typo moment  :sadclown: Anyways exams starting from tomorrow and I'm FREAKING OUT AS USUAL Wish me luck Thanks Drew :dogeheart: Good luck Mara, may Snape be with you and wish you luck Irritated, Sarcastic, Ill :ruserious: Exams :sadclown: Which kpop song were you listening to?  Ooooo My favourite timepass is purposely talking in Physics/Chemistry/Biology lingo infront of my mom
Her reactions are priceless Lmao vice versa for me ~~would you look at it, Bolas 2~~ Dayum heart attack indeed :sadhours: my parents: what's privacy I mean, they don't like, skim through my mobile But I'm not allowed to have passwords Idk My mobile doesn't have a password tho But they respect my privacy enough for me to trust they won't skim through my mobile Ngl same. My parents do understand english but they aren't really good with technology oww Lol if I do that my parents will use the "but we care about you so much we wanna know if you are neck deep in something bad or not" card Me too :IDKher: I have my discord and VNs hidden in a folder :raifepain: And that is why I keep the apps uninstalled till I wanna play it Thanks google for saving my progresses Vivo My mobile doesn't have the hide apps feature Ranveer Singh :MoneyMinded: Oh don't ask Oppo and Vivo These two brands advertised their brand SO MUCH people got a hammering You'll still find their banners and ads on random shops They hammered it into our heads Deepika Padukone with Oppo
Ranveer Singh with Vivo Idk about them But yeah, turquoise and blue color banners everywhere I go Basketball isn't that popular in my area Cricket Cricket's a got a more hardcore fanbase than ARMY here :KEK: Ouch lmao Well, cricket was mostly considered a boy's game during my childhood so I never got to play it that much Now girls play it as well, but I don't play anymore :ethonks: Me neither I was good in athletics yes But puberty hit, my body grew heavier and my routine got kekd Me too Ahmed me too I'm too clumsy for my body to handle  Because hot girls are in Starbucks as well Welp, everyone is hot in Starbucks Lmfao good luck watching laundries :KEK: Time to watch watch watch Wash and Watch sound so similar Pri get off your PC this instant! Go pee!!!! Go throw away your laundries and wash your garbage :garbryce: Now watch the laundries :KEK: :HOLUP: Ikr surviving ```
You Mara'd it i see
``` ```arm
Glad to know it went well
``` Do you guys like eating ice? I like both of them Even right now I ate a cube from my freezer Shaved ice is better tho I take it Mara doesn't like eating ice https://tenor.com/view/ice-gola-gola-barf-gola-kala-khatta-food-zombizz-gif-22345340 Golaaaaaaa Summer didn't even start here and I'm craving gola Scones, but on a stick Yes Tastes amazing Absolutely fantastic And I suffer from cold the next day after eating this Ice eaters uniting yes Oh trust me it is We don't have ice dispenser either, it's the ice cube trays for me I used to freeze in steel bowls and realize my mistake  Aaron your name's still Evil fart  Aaron's nick name=  Cuuuuute Hello y'all I'd like to say my revision exams are over And literally none from our classes have given it seriously We knew what the question paper consisted of beforehand :dead: In May Final exams start from April end And I keep realising I'm gonna part ways with my best friends :dead: :SadCat: Woohoo Adam Wait what Murica America Happy Holi!!  Ayyyyyyy the ultimate holi song :partay::CharmanderHi: Aaj sakal paasun aikat ahe me he gana Aala holicha sana laiii bhari chal nachuyaaaaaaaa But it's hindi :/ Lol I got boards I can't either aisidhdbd Adventure Time is almost 9 yrs old I'M FEELING OLD- Wooo you're free Use it to it's fullest today then What exactly do people gain from doing this? :ruserious: I'm scared of your school now Ahmed Crushes and dead parents are a must Pri  And the crash sound effects Oh and car accidents to add some spice! ***Flashbacks*** Ohhhh  Yikes Report them dude ***Let me give them kudos every single chapter they deserve it*** Wow Meanwhile I got a choked throat and nose and I still belt out higher notes You got Snape emotes omg miserable :sadclown: I got Science exam tomorrow and I'm terrified af
What is it's hard again? Stressing somehow helps me push myself and do things I know:raifepain: :samhelpme:  Yikes Ahmed Hope it comes soon Dayum that's bad Idk what to say that's really annoying I'm currently reading this novel where a 17 y/o internet troll gets transmigrated into a harem novel because he hated that novel with his whole heart
Basically the boy said "This story is bad" and the AI went "Then write it yourself" and yeeted him into the book
....as the main villain of the book He turns it into a gay fanfiction by making the protag fall for (him) the villain without even him noticing Boy is that novel hilarious The main character is having a mental breakdown every 5 mins and the AI is like "F you imma leave when you need me the most" Also he gets poisoned with a non-curable poison named "No Cure"
Instead of thinking about how he'll die if not cured, he's criticizing the name of the disease Mara-juana ~~Snape loves smoking you~~ :garbryce: Are you summoning Mara? Snape? I'm not a potterhead :raifepain: Ohhhh UwU thank you :uwuhappy: There was an outage?   Hmmm Such a beautiful name Voltra Alright Rucha :UmiYay: :furballhappy: Rucha's deepest darkest secret is out now You're absolutely right I made a folding fan today, it's pretty fun to use I was lacking paint tho so I let it be white and made geometric designs using purple and black sketch pens Happy Ace Day my fellow Aces    daylilys domination heck yeah PFHAHAH DREW :KEK: :KEK: :KEK: And now, we dominate Akjwjeejjdbskskd  Oh no an admin is online now We're back to second place  We're also missing Lays Lays and Lu are the missing ones from our Daylily cult Hi Metta Metta commit invisible mode :SadCat: Yes, that's the whole point :samhelpme: Noooooo we're on 3rd place now :dead: :argh: Oh Lu's online Lays where art thou Mood For Bi or Ace? Happy Bi Myself Hmm Akkshebdjs The Daylily cult The green peeps Just found out I can download AO3 stories into PDF form to read offline :sadclown: Yeah my life is a lie *laughs in doesn't own a dryer* :pomg: The passage of yassage remains *Fanfiction* me writing out all the story outlines my brain forms Incomplete outlines Because yes BuzzFeed: If you're not American, you're British. Somebody save me from maths I'm wanna be ko-so dooor from maths I can't handle 10th grade math, how will I survive 12th? Thanks Pri but I think I'll manage Yeah the reason I took basic maths, don't want my parents to keep nagging me about maths e This was supposed to be 18+???? Wait I'm slow af :ruserious: imagine being an adult and knowing what exactly taxes are and how to do them I still don't know how to do taxes I asked my teacher once and they were like "It depends." and ended the convo Congratulations on being free from one chain Rucha :UmiYay: I believe in Maratorship :MARAONLY: Ruchacracy is something we were living in until Maratorship came upon us The SPL was then renamed to SKL La la Sakuraland OOC Mara, -15 b points deducted
(This is a reference I'm pretty sure none of you will understand) :deargodhelp: MARA MARA YOU GOTTA WARN ME NO I DIDN'T?! Mara is truly OOC today HUG POLICE HERE
Mission: Give Mara a hug  President Mara of US who's British Sara I'm calling you Sara now Oh please do I really didn't need to see that pic of Donald I could've lived happily without seeing that As someone who avoids graphic NSFW, I definitely didn't It's okay Sara you didn't knew, you're not okay ftm Bye Sara It's Sara, not Mara :( :Bonk: *cue Mara packing her stuff to live there* Haha what :ruserious: So students focus on study instead of songs I won't be surprised if that's the actual case Our mobiles have been taken away as well cause of boards (I'm using my sibling's tablet rn) No no no 10 and 12 grades are called the "boards" grades because the exams that take place in these grades are taken from the official board you're in In my case, since I'm in CBSE board, the CBSE board itself will take my (and everyone who's in CBSE with me) exams There are 3 boards in India: State board (differs according to your state), CBSE (national) and ICSE (international) :sadclown:  Oh I know 10 is just the start :sadclown: :SadCat: I love this Cattttoooooooo I wanna smooch that floofball :toooocute: I'm okay with that Death by cat sounds nice Meep He went to the moon tho, how's Drew gonna get him? :hmm: Take me with you then Drew :furballhappy: I wanna visit the moon as well.....for scientific reasons Sounds like a feast :cooldown: :cooldown: :cooldown: GUYS GUYS THEY RELEASED IL3 No dude it's a fanproject but looks and works very realistic Fan-made VN that works exactly like Choices It did??? Welp they're working on the bugsnso it'll clear up in short time ABYSS DUDE HAPPY BIRTHDAY :BooParty: :megadrian: Oh wow it's 40C in here no wonder I feel this hot Heat started killing us since March started Pri  Oh hey this one app that consists of all the sample question papers and answers is paywalled as well Paywalling our education material what a kind gesture Good lord :waitwha: That's surprisingly accurate Oooooh green icon Thanks Pri for saving us My banner is once again shining Oh no Does that mean Maratorship is going to meet it's end? Wha- whaaaaa Akucracy huh? :MunchlaxMunch: Oh no Mara, keep chilling
As my user says, *Akuna Matata* (kidding I'm slowly planning on convincing other admins to make me a mod) :Duffyevil: Perks of having me as a mod: All your emote names are now puns. That's it. That was a mock application Mara! Also aksnsjsn I'm kidding it's already tiring enough to be a mod in 3 servers I'll barely manage a 4th one Also admit it, my solutions were creative :zoeywink: Pri where's your hurt in meow meow sticker I need it rn :SadCat: /jk Thanks Pri Why is it a vid tho? No .....Really :hello911: Wait we can what And...we need to add a card number huh? 
*opens card number generator* :JudgeyJen: No thanks then Same Drew 1 USD is almost 80 now huh Pri you're not old 9 9 animals Elephant's tail makes a snake 10 animals ...... I really don't want my relatives to see this ....... Lmfao I told my mom about this news and she didn't knew what to say :KEKWhands: Parents asking their child to either give them a grandchild or 5 crore rupees :samhelpme: Discord mobile is cruel man  @unforgivablespelling HAPPY BIRTH RUCHA MY GAL :BooParty: :BooParty: :BooParty: Ono I forgot to wish you in Marathi
      Man I sound like a whatsapp uncle Tatsu agrees that I'm a whatsapp uncle  Delicious :MunchlaxMunch: Y'all enjoying an eclipse good good :MunchlaxMunch: Now I'm waiting for her to get supernatural powers after turning 21 :worrysip: Eclipse on your 21st birthday? Y'all are finished :ohgodohduck: :deargodhelp: Rucha do inform us if you feel anything strange  I'm now imagining Rucha getting the power of Cookies; she can throw unlimited cookies at her opponent :MunchlaxMunch: Kill em with cookies Sounds so fake no one would believe it and she'll get away with it Why do my ideas sound so hostile? :ohgodohduck: All hail queen Rucha, the goddess of cookies My mind screamed "Cookie werewolf" help  https://tenor.com/view/maverick-newt4715-cookie-run-werewolf-cookie-gif-23521998 Hey I heard Discord rickrolled the whole platform? How?  Hello y'all today was the day I slept at 2 am and woke up at 9 am Man missed this lazy routine Don't judge me 10 pm to 7 am was a headache Go to sleep Pri, or do you need me to create wallpapers for you now I know you sleep during day Pri The world wanted you to go back on your track. Good good Sleep after 10 then :raifepain: :raifepain: :raifepain: Pri wha-  Whoa Teach me your ways Pri I'll be sure to apply this in future thank you Education system: You're wrong, it's all about ~~money~~ hardwork Where are you right now Mara? Congratulations Mara I'm drunk on soberness  Guys I tried eating salty french fries dipped in thick cold coffee :MunchlaxMunch: Idk it was thick and it was cold Sorry idk what exact coffee was it I was defining the coffee's texture y'all it's regular cold coffee  #dumb-bitch-disease-quarantine Second quarantine candidate is gonna be either Pri or me You just Drew out the lives of the server members with that pun This feels like a pun Mara-thon right now Potential epidemics that can occur in the SPL server:
dumb bitch disease 
punny ass disease Update:
Potential epidemics that can occur in the SPL server:
dumb bitch disease 
pundemic disease 420 feet away from me Sounds good play Never Gonna Give You Up in mine Potential epidemics that can occur in the SPL server:
dumb bitch disease 
punny ass disease 
acute yassification disease

Potential deaths that can occur in the SPL server due to:
pinging Mara Omg you're right Yass king Yknow we shouldn't be fratting about these diseases they are harmless Fretting but Frat :worry: :KEK: What is a verruca? I hope those feet were pritty atleast Something to do with Snape? Ohhhh That's it? Also sorry that must've hurt real bad ~~Idk why I was thinking you had a nasty fungal rash when you talked about that~~ Yikes My worst injuries might be your least injures at this point cause I never suffered from these incidents :samhelpme: My worst foot injury is.....um..... My foot just suffers from constant sprains that's all nothing else Mara   :supbrah: For a sec I forgot you had a boomer role What the- Without a doubt Aren't you the same Drew who asked [Insert his crush] to snap him like a glowstick? \_(   )_/ But seriously you can snap it Drew AYYYY MDZS I'm just content seeing wwx and lwj in here :ohhh: He gives of Beau vibes You're the purple one then I can recognise only one aksnene e Wangxian Aw man I forgot about trying out AA after finishing exams It's paid ik I'm gonna irate it Watching a playthrough is boring- Nah I'm fine with both I'll pirate it :UmiYay: I'll watch the playthrough then- :worrysip: How'd you know I'm a clown sir Fair SPL: Land of clowns Snap her Snape I'm surprised there isn't a Snape sticker in this server yet :samwtf: https://tenor.com/view/shrug-snape-harrypotter-alan-rickman-idk-gif-4982423 :raifepain: Bel you wanna kill the fandom or what /jk sounds fair you're right VIP ruined the community that's all tfw i do AO3 instead Jesus Mara that word count :worrysip: Why's Starboard offline for so many days? :/ Roasted seed powder, sugar and cow's calcium juice Pri's definitely the red one tho Olivia is the blue one But so is Pri Is it the red and purple couple then? Tfw you find too many good fanfics to read at a same time :PleasePBJustStop: I found 6 fanfics and the total word count goes 520,770 (yes I just went back to count the total word count) Wish me luck :MunchlaxMunch: I'll politely decline Mara, I already have a hard time focusing on fics about the fandoms I like- I'm really sorry :sadclown: Idk what Ritz tastes like so I'm safe to this curse ig :worrysip: I'll trust your opinions  GASP I CAN SEE IT ON MOBILE @faede HAPPY BIRTHDAY BUD :BooParty: :BooParty: :BooParty: Thank you so much Metta, Discord mobile was being to cruel on us  I ate pasta pizza today It was surprisingly delicious Pls no My non-existent sweet tooth says no But seriously if I eat something too sweet I'll get nauseous I mean, bread + chocolate + marshmallows combination is overload for me Maybe they use dark chocolate in it But still :gorguetea: 38C here  It's surprising how the city I live in suddenly got yeeted into the "Most heated cities of Maharashtra" this year Considering my city is cooler due to it's geographical position I have a problem with every weather/season so I don't have any likes or dislikes Summer: My body already generates too much heat I can't stand summer. Also I had sunshine
Rainy: I am terrified of thunders
Winter: My city gets TOO cold which triggers my sinusitis and I wake up every morning sneezing my lungs out Oh and spring and autumn kind of don't exist in India so they don't count It's Summer, Rainy and Winter all the way Thunders give me jumpscares and my paranoid brain hates jumpscares  I'm the only one in my family to be scared of thunders Me too Adam  Cool winds are cool I love them blowing on my face Usually when I'm in a car I pull the window down and let the wind blow on my face. It surprisingly helps with my carsickness Me too Heck Sand
All my homies hate Sand I hate road trips Literally just had a road trip yesterday My body's sore OH NO :ohgodohduck::Dopeysad: That's a lot of damage whoa Doesn't matter he cutie :dogeheart: Did I mention we arent used to ACs or fans on 5 level? :raifepain: It's either fully raining in here or fully hot sun scorching us down No in between Therefore too cold and too hot Why do I have to choke every single time when I eat Idli :raifepain: :PleasePBJustStop: Everytime the first idli is painful to eat Thanks for the tip  Did I mention I feel asleep reading a fanfic on my mobile yesterday? This is the first time Hope no one checked my mobile :blobsweat: ~~Maggi~~ (_) Hope it was delicious :raifepain:  Gasp Pri how can you commit cannibalism? :sadhours: You ate Maggie :worrysip: :worry: You know what, fair :KEKWhands: Puberty is crazy y'all AY CONGO RUCHA Wait I'm sorry I misread the message Rucha you were Olivia all this time? :pomg: Olivia is red, and you're purple
How would I know??? It would've been more hilarious if her name was "Andrea" Gasp we found Drew's twin :pomg: Kevin -> Kelley How are you able to even draw holding the pen like that???? Also nice drawing, I'd like to see it when it's finished  Who's that? Ohh I thought you were drawing :ohmyyyyyy: I did used to record a handful of playthroughs (before discovering walkthroughs on YT) to help me remember my moves and all in games I played I also record some scenes for shits and giggles Me too :KEKWhands: I tried to become a Minecraft-tuber once and failed on the first attempt RIP Mara Oof I know the pain of having a 16GB storage mobile :PleasePBJustStop: Infact my mom still has one and it's painful clearing out the storage every now and then even tho she literally doesn't have any other app on it (except Whatsapp) Uh Mara, are you facing any problem while loading AO3 website? Mara??? MARAAAAAAA I'm pinging you alright I know  I too hate Samsung All my samsung mobiles were not good Redmi is good ig It's the only ringtone I know so yes :KEKWhands: Mine mobile's Vivo rn tho I know all the versions of Over the Horizon :Dopeyhappy: Ikr Even with RC They need to change it back cause I'm not able to download the app anymore due to the icon You mean Becca and MC It was I loved the way Becca looked at MC  Enemies to lovers :Periodt: Times like these make me wish my mobile had the hide app function Buy a memory card now  Or transfer some files in the SD card I care I'm curious  Your name- :KEK: How did you go from ice cream to metal shavings Did you see the hot fireman?  Sad Also the kid commiting arson :KEK: Cringing at your past self comes as a bonus :KEKWhands: Mine was something like I listed every one of my hobby, but instead of the name of activity I put in the jobs instead My Pinterest bio was real cringe tho used Pinterest when I was 14, left it cause my friend and I had a bet and then forgot about it
I downloaded it again this week and yikes I was so embarrassed Lol reading your comments under memes is a whole new cringe sensation I was like "Girl you're embarrassing me" and "I wrote THAT" at myself Rucha your users  Mine was something similar to self bloating about myself The user I mean My Instagram is terminated I'm glad Instagram nowdays is just pretty cute people You pinged everyone    Drew you nickname :KEKWhands: ....i don't know what google+ was about @/unforgivablespelling Lol remember finding Drew's snap only by dropping in the username The discord one :argh: Good luck Rucha  Also drew the snap acc I messaged you from is deleted, I have a different one :samwtf: Akaha11XX The curse of 5 letter names sadly Y'all still don't know my birth year tho Gasp how did you know :ohgodohduck: Rucha the psychic please spare me :ohmyyyyyy: Trucate Truncat What the.... Is there an Aku version of Umi as well? :UmiYay: Who Oh happy birthday @quicksilver! Ahmed    1) Bi
2) Pan
3) Lesbian
4) Gay (yes it's the actual mlm flag)
5) Ace
6) Straight
7) Non Binary
8) Genderfluid 
9) Trans Mara c'mon :KEKWhands: @FraternalGemini sir it's your birthday???
HAPPY BIRTH AARON :BooParty: Their logic is so good they have big brains Aundrei Huh sounds decent I added some Schezwan chutney in my maggi and it tastes wonderful dayum The amount of times I've had normal Maggi is too much so now I've decided to extend my Maggi knowledge by experimenting with it Also while being respectful of the actual maggi and not turning it into garbage experiments like those YT shorts people :smart: Yes () Ooo why :worrysip: Bold of you to assume the 3rd one isn't a cancelled sequel either :ruserious: YAASS QUEEN  Omg omg do show me your gameplay  Oh god same here Make them say it fast Yup it was Same with the pronunciation of Fourty Say Fourty in a really fast manner no it was like
You go Foutty
And they go "Tere muh me potty" (shit in your mouth) Yeah it was cringe :raifepain: I never got that joke tbh Ahh ok :worrysip: The raven :sadclown: Bye bye Pride month Wait you and Mara are married???? Since when???? That's no problem, hold another wedding and invite us all It's been so long since I ate a wedding cake Snape has green eyes? When was the wedding held?? Why aren't we invited?? Pri you're too cruel I just want cake  :SadCat: True true Lmfao imagining you guys standing on the wedding stage except instead of human faces there's your pfps Your pfps are how I imagine you guys to look like Even tho I know how Pri looks Your brain just does it Drew is Appa :worrysip: Can't believe you called Sha Hualing asian Olivia  Oh she definitely can She's a demon saintess But she's really shameless in nature And I love her for that :bestinshow: Interesting  Felt this on spiritual level Urmom It's 6 times here  :huh: :MunchlaxMunch: Good evening spoilerlanders :MARAONLY: :MARAONLY: :MARAONLY: :MARAONLY: Mine as well Mara is just too teasable :megadrian: :raifepain: :pomg: And that's how PriMa ship was found Prima ship I ship it No cause I won't be calling you guys MaPri or PriyuMa or MaraPri or anything else I see... Platonic Prima it is then Primasis That sounds like some kind of process Primasis Aosjshe I thought it was Bio type- Yes biological I thought the same :KEK: I just realised.....
Technically humans come from eggs as well And that, children, proves that the egg came before the chicken /jk Also reddit already has the answer to this is so funny to me We're complicated eggs Dino gave an egg and a chicken came out of it It can be taken in both ways Egg came before chicken
But it was a dino egg, so chicken came first Man evolution is messed up Yeah I'm still wondering how a chicken came from a dino They don't even have feathers Wait. Did Dinos have feathers? DID THEY HAVE A BEAK???? Those keysmash terms make no sense to my sleep deprived brain It's midnight and my thoughts are running wild Yup Why would I think this in daytime? Because now I can't get the image of dinos having beaks out of my mind RIP Drew's chicken You were a dino's descendant Mood :BeauBait: Lmfao we never got the Chicken and Doggo convo Oh we did wow :toooocute: Pet chicken are wild in my experience How cute Free eggs It's always the eggs Everything revolves around eggs Everything is egg Even earth is shaped like an egg Isn't that eggcellent? .....I am- I shouldn't be? That's what school taught us- Maybe I'm eggaggerating but everything is egg Also earth isn't oval? It's eclipse right? I don't remember the spelling eggactly It's sphere isn't it? I hate my school Our school raised oval earthers :dead: Anyway I'm sleepyyyy so gnite Drew! Have eggcellent dreams Dark white outline and silver pupil with some faint brown in the middle Also Mara why does your eye look so terrified? Indeed  https://tenor.com/view/trade-offer-rickroll-gif-23326359 Not they don't Mr. Astley is a god They're equal We're even The end You guys drove my mind to a stroke Skrrt Skrrt Btw what's SuJu?  Primasis fight We gotta fix that- Primasis are fighting :worrysip: Maybe I shouldn't have shipped yoy guys afterall Good to know :MunchlaxMunch: What is happening in here  How the turn tables I-uh-yeah.... Man I would've made the perfect algebraic joke in here instead (.   .) Thank you    GASP You were Charles all along :niapanic: That Coke Zero ad is gonna kill me one day How many times are they gonna hammer that ad into my head Dead @Priyudi Choose one:
1) A really good fanfiction
2) Sleep Mama you should sleep as well :JudgeyJen: Aaiwheheev goodnight Pri :dogeheart: Oh man :ohgodohduck: It's your alarm ofc right :SONIAWINK: I could've woken you up If you let me choose fanfiction :worrysip: Akajsjd jkjk I fell sick I couldn't have stayed awake till 4 Also the latest I've stayed awake is 3 am We don't share any fandoms other than Choices Pri  Me neither :KEK: Everyone reccs HP and I'm like "Maybe later" and then forget about it Some discord friends did force me to find out which house I belong to through a quiz Turns out I'm a Gryffindor \_()_/ What about you Pri? If you took the test? Heh maybe Mara can classify you into a house Some restaurants claim they use different oils for veg and non veg foods But either way, my mom refuses to eat in a ven-nonveg restuarant  Ahhh I see B
I like biting my ice cream   Hello people I've been awoken With questionable grammar No I'm not :sadclown: Me with HSS series Pri... Please start getting over it :KEKWhands: Oh wow :bestinshow: Happy Mara day Mara, today we also celebrate the rise of Maratorship :MARAONLY: :MARAONLY: :MARAONLY: :MARAONLY: Ngl neon blue suits you Mara Ah Mara's new fictional character fixation  /jk *pretends to understand what you're saying cause I never watched/read HG* _ Daily reminder that I love y'all because you are all amazing :CharmanderHi: :KEK: Do it @MaralinaSakura how do you upload images on AO3 work? Also can you grant me the power of writing 5k words a day?' Rtf allows you Mara I've seen work include images Heck there's a work where the author posts numerous memes in image format I'm figuring out how to upload the pic through rtf tho RIP Mara's fingies I drew a banner for a fic so I'm figuring out how to upload it And also those border thingies Its okie :3 My city doens't even have McDonald's :KEKWhands: un yin He's the *Carrier* of people My family is used to live without AC so we don't have one Contributing towards decreasing the speed of depletion of Ozone layer  I'm the baaaaad guy.......
....*duh* Lady Duggu Paratha of Clothe store Why does Pri Bhature sound like a real name  Did the sun rise from the west today? Happy Rakshabandhan @Kaleen Bhaiya :CharmanderHi: Happy Rakshabandhan @Priyudi :CharmanderHi: guys let's play that wrong answers only game


Q. How did you end up with water throw at your face?
(Wrong answers only) I'm the cushions :oliviastab: :oliviastab: :oliviastab: ...I ain't updating Discord But wait The channel emoticons are based on your device's emotes, not discord ons *ones Kieran: Why am I here exact- oh yeah, I gotta hold the cake Khichadi ? Yummy Drew the Ariana Sensation Itz da big bully day  Happy birth, Big Bully Andrew Bui, you got an year cut off from your lifespan Happy Ganesh Chaturthi!   Name shows up for me as well Happy Birthday Fallen! Hey wait do I have my birthday registered to the bot? WHAT My condolences to all the British in this server GIVE US OUR KOHINOOR Did someone say natural science? and minerals The Biryani shop added it Thighs and wings ftw Also fish superior, but the bones are a pain Haha chest :MunchlaxMunch: I'd kill for boneless fish :sadclown: I never had chicken feet :true true: MILQUE HOW HAVE YOU BEEN In my defense, when I got this idea it was too early in the morning and I'm on my fever medications

Couple trope where it's the FBI agent assigned to you who slowly falls for you because they know about your search history and all and it's interesting, and also since they can see your face and find it attractive  Happy Birth Metta! You're even older now! We got a "no pancake" emote??? :idontlikebreakfast: :idontlikebreakfast: :idontlikebreakfast: :idontlikebreakfast: :idontlikebreakfast: Ew :idontlikebreakfast: PB did that only in witness right? :hello911: Today we learnt about the Metaphase in Biology @Metta  :CandidCarter: What exactly do "rare" "medium rare" and all mean while eating a steak? Like is it eating your meat raw or slightly cooked? I see  :hmm: :hmm: :hmm: The less pinker the more cooked Thanks Lays! :CharmanderHi: Always happens to me, I just ignore it It's a rare sight if I see any number other than 50+ YOOO- *sees the price* Nvm. I'll get kicked out of my house if I spend 1200 INR on earrings :KEKWhands: My boy stands out the most :dogeheart: @Priyudi mom you've been quite for so long What would happen if the starboard message gets stared again?:hmm: (blame autocorrect for quite instead of quiet) I'm- they wanna be serious with you even if you don't know them- :wut: Man you don't know how bad I wanna stay a kid forever :samhelpme: Also Pri are you safe????  Yikes please take care Pri  :toooocute: :toooocute: :toooocute: Slayyy Pri  Update from #meme-land: my brother is acting like a meowing kitten now because he wants scritches help- he's actually meowing- :KEKWhands: Man he's such a zoo Nope So Emma's mom works in Edenbrook too Yeah, she's the aunt of the caucasian twins AND mom of Emma Wait, so Emma and the twins are related!! This is 10x better than the TNA2 one :butwhy: I mean, THOSE CORGISSSS :dogeheart: :dogeheart: :dogeheart: Idk if it's the 12:00 me but the mustaches suit them all They actually look good in them :hmm: The golden corgi look angry lol D&D flashbacks I find them creepy :KEKWhands: Ugh Bel you ruined my pov nooooo /lh :dead: I think they meant in the background, the grey-blue area Okie She looks beautiful :freyjawao: :Dopeyhappy: :dogeheart: Sam who? My eyes were too focused on Sofia :zoeywink: She's beauty, she's grace
She's Sofia the.... 
Uh.... 
I can't find a rhyming Rhyming with 'Grace' not 'Sofia' aksjsbaban Wait is it spelled Sofia or Sophia??? She's beauty, she's grace
She's got a pretty face Or or or Sjes beauty, she's grace
Her eyes hold the blaze :KEKWhands: What is that? :ohgodohduck: :HOLUP: Ohk :JoJoThink: "Build that Dad" got me though :kek: Also it means we can see chubby LIs in future :Dopeyhappy: I wanna just cuddle with that chubby person  The only LI who doesn't have 6-8 bricks on his bod is Tom from ILB. Awwwwwww Ik chubby people give the best hugs You like, sink into them Ahhhhhh :Dopeyhappy: The shorts said "Imma stay still, you do the sway, Bill" MTFL but make it adult Miss the times when non diamond outfits didn't make MC look completely homeless (screenshot taken from Tumblr tbh I never touched this series) PB: on the occasion of celebrating 5 yrs of Choices, here's a special survey for the people playing this game cause we wanna connect more with the fans, y'know? ;) Why :huh: Yeah... Did I say something wrong? Pri :PleasePBJustStop: I won't be able to sleep now :KEKWhands: The look tho..... *fully wraps myself in a blanket* Metta being chaotic with the screenshots lol :deargodhelp: :angydoggo: This dog emoji is too cute akwjwbebwb :angydoggo: :angydoggo: Angy Doggo :dogeheart: :dogeheart: :deargodhelp: Strawberries never made my uncomfortable before What is this LMFAO :heheadrian: Adrian aosjsbsbebwjw  This Adrian sticker kajsbebdvwjsd I can't stop laughing :heheadrian: :heheadrian: :heheadrian: He looks like The Baron   :heheadrian: :heheadrian: "heheadrian" STOPPPP LMFAO That Micheal Jackson joke ajshwbwbeb   I love y'all for this akwbwbsbbs I picked Annabelle cause she had a different romance route. I really wanted to see how the 1870s handle the lesbian couple  Also she's badass  I thought the wedding took place in 1870s? Oh Well I'm bad at remembering things ajakaxbsbeb I must've mixed up one of my history chapters Mood Wait wait Choices is making a Greek mythology book?!?!?!?!? I myself am trying to find the news but someone just created memes about it Wait a min I'm searching Okay wait it's fake 
I don't know whether to be relieved or dissapointed Lol I had an attack I'm suing that person I feel so stupid aksdhnsbejsiebrbxb  I'm not in the TNA chat :) Nope lol You can share the message instead, I'll delete it Ohk alnsnsjejsjdjdnf Yeah I get lil *lol Except the last names are pronounced differently Yup :KEKWhands: Even I thought of HSS MC when they introduced Jordan It's okay lol I'm not into smut anyway And I'll never be :judgeyfroge: I'm a ||sex||-neutral ace so yeah I was mentally scared when I saw the screenshots of WB like No  You guys should take this to the WB channel before Mara comes in I'm surprised it's Beach and not Peach But tbh after seeing that Camelah abomination nothing seems cursed My lazy ass skipped all the perms kawbenbsbdjr And read the bottom line TNA 3 plot: You and your precious Desire Dalton are getting married! But what does your life have in store for you? Will the wedding go smoothly or will it be a bumpy road to your happily ever after? (Cue in MC's secret admirer objecting the wedding and the press nagging your again and again while Queen Sofia enjoys the show from the front seat) (cue in MC finally growing a spine and choosing her love of life by getting married to either Sam, Robin or Jordan, AME 3 style) Bet people are gonna be mad after reading it Don't wanna find out what's next for non-vips I think they'll post some random thing from QB I don't think so it'll be the cover... Also if QB2 cover doesn't feature the gaslight gatekeep girlboss theme imma riot That's... That looked like a mango candy sold in my area ngl Yeah I hope the cover is better Lmfao even if thought of Yvette and was like "Huh? I don't recall seeing Yvette here?" I'd like the Lord instead thank you very much Is this... Choices? Also their hair colors Annie's hair turn blond when parted Typical PB lmfao WHAT DID THEY DO TO YOU JACKIE This isn't the Jackie I know plz  What does the MC look like? I think the coat makes his body larger That's it? That's the only face? What is this game's name? How do I search about it?  NOOOOOO they whitewashed Kenna Okay but Tevan... Damn VAL HOLY COW VAL Oh wow HEX OMG HOLY COW You... Really don't wanna see him Hex..... The Bisexuality in me is quaking omg :deargodhelp: Same here Wait what Wait so immediate attraction is TRR? Yeah I checked ut Kiara... As in Kiara Theron?  :cooldown: Okay but Morgan.... You're telling me this is Ezra from HSS PRIYA AND WHITE HAIR Principal Isa :kek: Poor Marcel Kill Priya for the sake of Kamillah :MARAONLY: ................. https://tenor.com/view/white-guy-blinking-white-guy-blinking-wtf-gif-7831341 Man they really said fuck wlw BWHAHAHAHAHA Oh God Kamilah isn't an LI You're over WHAT https://tenor.com/view/yawnface-gif-4425271 Atleast the Corgi isn't whitewashed :judgeyfroge: They what in the what? Now I really wanna see Bertrand Hey Metta where are you? https://tenor.com/view/spit-water-water-shocked-the-incredibles-violet-gif-12114173 Maxwell looks good ngl :freyjawao: Hana went from pink to my favorite color Atleast Hana *is* an LI ....right? Damn So that's why they gender bent Lily and Jackie What about HSS tho I mean, the MC is both m and f :ethonk: :ethonk: What's meant by stigmatized? Oh Take me to EM India :Dopeysurprised: Oh yeah I have my whole file of LGBTQA community in ancient India argument ready incase I come out and my parents say it's against the *"riti aur riwaj"* Mara, I didn't knew you were in this book Honestly the whitewashing and homophobia hurts my every part of being :JoJoThink: :judgeyfroge: I never played RCD lmfao :animeglasses: :heheadrian: Thomas Hunt I think Ouch I'm not ready ~ Wait what :this: :this: :this: Desai is a last name and Indian last names can't be used are first names so ouch Me neither :KEKWhands: :ethonk: They're LA phobic too? He looks like a teen Damn Alexa play all stars Lmfao I did it too MC got da Ramsey neck syndrome She looks like those barbie dolls I used to play with when I was 5 Poppy looks cute ngl :ruserious: I think they voice over it using an AI program... Cause that definitely isn't a human way of speaking Our what? Oh wait I got it Also yeah it really looks nice Cause your brain made you do so? :ruserious: Where did u get this pic of me? :SONIAWINK: 1001 war flashbacks Hmmm.... I think mine will be    Correct! Wait I thought it was a motorcycle   OMG I just realized I put a cycle in there I- lol whoever named this playlist is either super intelligent or super unaware Nooooooo I missed the legendary moment No I don't What was it about?  :raifepain: I fear internet people sometimes :ohgodohduck: Mara you're a legend :MARAONLY: Lol the stories I get to hear about Chronicles of SPL and the Choices fandom :gorguetea: Mara should write an e-book about it Say *what* now-? :Periodt: If only I had time to read >_< :Dopeysurprised: Wait I follow MLF on IG cause I thought she was hired by Pixelberry :samwtf: That's a lot of tea for today :gorguetea: :MunchlaxMunch: So Mara indirectly saved MLF's a$$? OMG :Dopeysad: I love those little angels on her shoulder :CandidCarter: :bartiemad: :bartiemad: They did LMAO Who stands like that on their wedding unless they received an urgent nature's call Love it when she yeets Olivia using one hand :kek: Their faces went through the Face app I see That reminds me, I need to download that app Henlo evevyone :wut: I've seen that ad before lol A really bad version Shreya the true beauty guru  :ruserious: :zoeywink: Oh no we missing a Veron-icker (get it? Veronica + Sticker) :zoeywink: .img Alma MOTY Iconic bestie Absolutely love her I need a bestie like her irl I love Alma a lot but unfortunately *I'm* that type bestie Insiders who? PB bring the OG icon back challenge :PBSeeIToldYouSo: :garbryce: I'm laughing so hard at this creation Bel made akwbwjwjshwheg Also y'all missing the true queen: .img Zoey Wade HER NECK 
MY INNER ARTIST CAN'T HANDLE IT Why am I not surprised Mood That outfit Guy gave our child from MOTY for coming to his party/smth It's *fishnet* :heyyyyyypb: WEH ch 16 and ES 3 ch 12 If this emote existed, now would be the right time to use it Judgyfroge Jen version JudgyJenny Metta's emotes: A summary Nightmare That reminds me, I gotta re-install Tumblr and see the chaos *Laughs in mod* Lol tfw I reached Mackenzie, Derek, Adam and Bianca's  status all at the same time thanks to mod akwjwbbebe Yeah I played unmodded as well I had everyone from Vince and Ivy's team on low points and the rest on high I'd like to meet Satan tbh NOOOOOOOO Also make that **Demon's Dungeon**  and you've got yourself a typical punny Choices title *spits out water* Also why does it sound like a High School Story in hell? I mean, High School is hell itself but still- Aight make that college instead Like TF My high school's online 
And mentally depressing  :kek: My high school was pretty dramatic as well but then Covid hit us and now I can't experience a normal life I mean, my life is pretty dramatic now as well but yeah, school drama is something else I feel like if I write an autobiography it'll become quite popular, my life's been a train wreck since I was born dshdhsgwgagag Quite entertaining tho Crime of Covid: FML It Lives Inside: Mental stability go brrrrrrr Most Wanted: Sleep The Nosy Auntie The Fuck (TF) Across my Bed: Lies garbage Awww thanks :megadrian: Beware, Oh Little Angsty Sofia Shipwrecked trailer looks epic-ly bad Mal x Tyril is the best ship in existence
I will die on this hill Who's Marco? I forgot he exists :raifepain: Travis who- Oh right I remember him now....I don't remember his face tho QWJWHSHSHEGE Why does it gotta be shirtless XD For a sec I thought this was a TNA ad Turns out it was a mashup Maxwell's gonna die first 
Bucket can summon metal energy and open portas Liv ftw :MARAONLY: (imagine Olivia in there instead of Mara) Yuck Go go Maxwell! Hum tumhare piche hai This is so bad 
*This is so bad* Across the Void If you count the LIs of the three siblings altogether....
8 Lis MC has 4 
Eos has 3 (the fact that Mc and Eos share an Li, it makes the count 2) 
Pax has 2 We get to play as all these 3 people, thus making the no. Of LIs 8 HSS, PM, BOLAS have 5 LIs Am I forgetting any book??? THM has 5 LIs as well..... But we can only romance 4 cause we have to choose between 2 different Lis Then 5 Me too I think I've completed.... 700+ chapters till now :ruserious: Raife Highmore From TE 
The twin-minator Y'all amuse me :ruserious: :ruserious: I fear your power I'm surprised at thr fact that people are actually thinking it's real :cutefrog: Best OST :bestinshow: Ahhh Left Behind  
Reminds me of various memorable moments..... Elliot searching for ILB MC in the end  :ChrisEvansPeriodt: :JudgeyJen: h o t This ad is a mess :samwtf: :samwtf: :samwtf: .cowsay Anyone want some moo juice? Them dressing has Sam on Halloween huh WE HAD THAT POEM AS WELL Also tis langsam I didn't knew that sjenenwbw We had mandarin for like, 2 lectures, then they changed it to German and give the lower classes Mandarin So in total we had English, Hindi, Marathi and German
Now we only have English and Hindi  Google Translate        Mhmmm Pri, how many glasses of water do you drink everyday?:judgeyfroge: ........... Pri howeee you alive And coffee results in sucking up your hydration girl It all happens inside you dear Well Coffee results in dehydration, that's a fact Rest idk Inb4 Pri is secretly an android **i n d e s c r i b a b l e** Dom and Kamilah, nice :MunchlaxMunch: My initials are AN 
An article :kek: What do you mean you don't know your blood group?!? I get UWU too! :uwuhappy: :uwuhappy: Also another November baby woohoo Layhurs! You're telling me your school never asked about your blood group for your ID card? :ruserious: What do you guys even do if you're in an accident and you need blood?! ......you guys amaze me In here, the school asks for a blood certificate every year :ruserious: And they say America has the best helthcare system The more I talk to you guys, the more I'm greatful I ain't born in America qiehehehegeg I feel bad for my uncle's family living in America akwjwhebeb Wow Atleast you guys don't have the caste system tho Lower castes have more privileges in education system then the higher castes in order to help them 
But it's really bad Yup, that too But what I'm angry about is that some people can become a doctor with 70% above percentage while I have to score 95% in order to become a doctor Also it's actually higher caste people who have to score 95%+ Not the lower ones The whole world is messed up lol This spicies needs to end Reject humanity, embrace Aliens   Dude, ATV was written by humans Rejecting humanity ofc Also guys search "random" in the GIFs section https://tenor.com/view/pizza-sexy-obama-twerk-valentine-gif-13433690 I'm DYING HELP I'M DYING Mine as well :bestinshow: Spiderpool :bestinshow: :bestinshow: https://tenor.com/view/deadpool-spider-man-gif-20162884 https://tenor.com/view/viralhog-deadpool-spiderman-take-me-away-i-love-you-gif-12840402 ||spideyalwaysthicc|| Hey Drew when you get a boyfriend I better see both of you cosplaying these two :SONIAWINK: You can be Deadpool then Neither is Deadpool :animeglasses: I dont wanna hear any excuses :oliviastab: That's genius :UmiYay: When?  Nah I'm not that lifeless You can definitely add TNA in it https://tenor.com/view/passando-mesmo-oh-brother-disappointment-gif-14584729 :garbryce: :samwtf: My whole story I got the bodyguards aksjwhwbe Tatum and Mara Anton :ruserious: No Anton November WAIT No Niceties November Reminded me of that series of puns Maxwell made in TRR3 Scott :ohhh: Best father ever ajanehebw We got Hayden's faceclaim :kek: I... I think I just died of cringe and am in hell for even watching this I bet you they'll make an ad on one of thr steamy scenes from ILB rather than the jumpscares :megadrian: I got Vanessa :sadhours: NO THANKS VANESSA IS COOL No She'll jill you indeed I mean, she killed her own daughter It's okay lol I feel your pain on higher levels My face everytime I see one of these ads FB fandom being tired of steamy books says something else about PB
Now I want everyone to demand BOLAS 2 atleast PB should atleast talk to people who're experienced in a certain category they don't know about before writing a book about it Exactly Also like, even I've seen my mom every single day during her pregnancy (she was carrying my little sibling) and remember what it was like. But that doesn't mean I suddenly start writing a book about a prego MC PB: BDSM is a new trend, let's make another steamy story for monie Ikr. Unless you yourself have gone through it, you can't be experienced enough to write about it Lol I really hope Andrew has taken all the best writers in PB to work under BOLAS and COP that's why we're getting books like these atm Reminds me of a time I wrote a whole plot about a pigeon avenging her pigeon wife who was killed by a stray cat The members on that discord server were both baffled and interested NO THAT POOR PIGEON I just witnessed a pigeon murder :Dopeysad: Half jokes aside, I really love it :KEKWhands: AWWWW Mara that's some next level writing :ohhh: Also lol, PB bout to make a series based on POVs of animals behaving like humans (inspo totally not taken from Zootopia nada nope) After Wolf Ride, anything's possible LMFAO I wanted to write Bride not Ride but it's too funny to edit back :kek: The first ever ||student x teacher|| by PB :heyyyyyypb: Pinterest Margot what did they do to you?! :KEKWhands: Also Choices characters yassification is bad. Real bad. He went from Garrus to Gariya https://wlwbcwhynot.tumblr.com/post/668755879817052160/not-all-star-pls-give-the-pb-employee-who-comes
I don't get this reference no matter how I read it help Oh I still don't get it I know this song but my brain empty I know that as well How does this connect to the QB description? https://tenor.com/view/gru-gif-9547672 All MTFL ever did to me was give me war flashbacks of Indian soap operas Brain damage Save Me From This Hell Save The Damaged Brain I Have Due To This Save the Turtles My Two Last Pizza Slices Anna :toooocute: Lmao Layhurs and I always get the same November babies  Maxwell is right in top of him :redhotblaine: I don't fancy Edward Ded, disappointed and nothing new Lemme find that Damien saying YAYY screenshot real quick .img Damien PM YAY! Ughhhh Nah they'll release Slow Burn in 2122 Surprise surprise I'm actually a secret PB agent who's been collecting ideas to torture you guys muhahahahaha I've mailed them the suggestions already~~ Bolas got cancelled.
Sorry mates :megadrian: Not my decision, it's Pb's. I'm just a mere employee :CharmanderHi: Also they did say in Wake The Dead you have to spend 30 diamonds on each LI in order to save them And that Duke Ethrax is gonna get his own series With that Bug monster as an LI Yup Oh and they said they cancelled BOLAS 2 ||and decided to kill the whole crew off in that fire|| Aerin Valleros died  BROTHER?! EXCUSE ME?! Lmfao I thought u called Aerin my brother aksnenebebeb I was confused a lot LU :kek: STEP BRO I MADE OUR PARENTS DISOWN YOU SO WE CAN GET MARRIED :KEKWhands: Okay also about Baldur: He's ginna be a spirit of catastrophe in Duke Ethrax's series and is also an LI Egosexual? I'm new to this word I forgot to mention this: Metta, I'm sorry to say this but Carter dies in the end of QB 4 You kill him during your last ||banging session|| QB MC and Carter decided to run away and marry after Ian/Ina proposed them, so the professor ||shot Carter in stomach||
They reached a safe and secure place but they didn't have any aid so Carter goes "This is it." And QB MC says "Lemme bang you one last time" Them tryna make you remember the trauma that is Witness Anyways this is all I can allow y'all to know, gotta go get some more inside scoop now Bai bai https://tenor.com/view/bye-slide-baby-later-peace-out-gif-14876243  I see my statement as a PB secret agent is coming true :ethonk: My ultimate powers of jinxing everything continue to persist I see :KEKWhands: You'll never believe the things I've jinxed frequently...... FINALLY someone else as well Also I'm sorry Drew I know how to feels Now I'm imagining Pri going "YOU STUPID USELESS PIECE OF TRASH SHUT UP BEFORE I KICK YOU OUT!" on that poor bot :judgeyfroge: QB crew and emotes ~~Serves about right ig~~ https://tenor.com/view/spilling-spits-water-gif-5910757 I ain't gonna let you yassify Aerin, Bel ........................ https://tenor.com/view/chuu-chuu-with-a-gun-chuu-got-the-glock-chuu-cocking-a-gun-cocking-a-gun-gif-20619220 Blocked. Restrained myself from reporting your acc Bartie looks just like her mother Now I'm waiting for Bel to yassify Pixelberry :heyyyyyypb: Hell-o guys! Your favourite PB's secret agent brings you some more delicious tea!

1) Blades 2, fr is releasing when I reach my 20s.

2)Princess Swap is actually a story about a poor girl (parents unknown ofc) from Cordonia who's also a look alike of the Heir (reasons unknown as well) and they decide to swap their places cause, reasons again unknown.

3) Crimes of Passion includes LI sprites from Slow Burn, but they die.

4) TRH series is gonna be continued. Yes. Get ready for The Royal Princess.

5) TNA 4 is in the planning process rn. It's about TNA MC and her prego life with Sam.

6) A new title has been leaked, 'Courses of Norses' (it's a draft, dunno if they're gonna actually keep that title cause it's rather bad) about Norse Mythology. Thank god they left Greek Mythology at peace.  Those are my predictions :BeauBait: Also I'm not actually an agent akshebdbd I'm just doing this for fun ofc My imagination :pixelbartie: Lol Adam, I'm acting as a secret PB agent who's finding different ideas to torture the playerbase Dw nothing from that message is true  I literally jumped when I heard BB starting theme for the first time Beat dropped harder than Adrian and Amy from his office Beat dropped harder than my humor I get it. HSSCA is my comfort series  Yo guess who shares the same MBTI with Dr.Ramsey? Ennegram is different tho You might wanna give answers true to your heart You do you So someone reported her acc? I wanna know as well  Now I wanna know what it is :ruserious: What's in her story?? I....um....uh....... Headcannon: Hero MC lives happily with ES MC if you choose the Vaanu ending Oh and they fight off some baddies together :waitwha: :ohmyyyyyy: :hehehehe: What the everloving- :waitwha: Atleast I have a new emote to show my emotions now :waitwha: :ruserious: calling dibs on these 2 now thanks The dad tho skwjejejebdb :ohmyyyyyy: :ohmyyyyyy: :ohmyyyyyy: :waitwha: You forgot this one Metta He's scared Also looks like his sclera are beige as well :KEKWhands: WOO HOO PS we can flirt with her as well Yaas. :hehehehe: Nah we don't use that We need Bolas version :takemymoney: :PleasePBJustStop: THIS The ultimate weapon of Bolas MC :cooldown: :cooldown: :cooldown: Have a little decorum Drew You gotta impress your suitors afterall You gonna take them straight to bed? :threep: :cooldown: Huh I deleted the app when LOA was at Ch.6, haven't downloaded it since Wtf even was ad no.3?? :waitwha: Idk how to react Done. :okboomer: ;) @Metta Angy MC emote when? Second pic MC doing the fists and saying "Sammy is mine Mammy" Yos :bestinshow: Insiders? What's that? :judgeyfroge::PleasePBJustStop: (I refuse to acknowledge the Insiders) You're calling me toxic while the Tumblr fandom exists /jk Also why not? Babe it's always spooktober wdym *starts dancing in my "woke up from sleep" look* Okay but fr I look like a monster while sleeping And waking up https://robintora.tumblr.com/post/673367153789042688/could-you-please-edit-carter-in-a-football
Metta look at your hubby Excuse me I had a stroke reading what the first caption said What are they trying to say? Werewolf?! No like It didn't gave off any werewolf vibes that's why I exclamed *exclaimed :ruserious: :waitwha: I don't wanna know Gaius: Greetings, I'm Gaius Augustine. And you are....?
Mara: All yours :SONIAWINK: Layhurs we're gonna get ourselves killed :KEK: Death's tired of us at this point QUICK STAR THEM Man y'all want me dead huh Thank you for saving me  Wanted to create an incorrect quote Wow the CGs are beautiful :ohhh: :ohhh: :ohhh: :ohhh: I just remembered that blond guy is supposed to be Lily  :pomg: Mariona Maria 
Lina 
Sakura Maralina Sakura Or I just post a gif of Snape in this chat https://tenor.com/view/loreal-paris-harry-potter-snape-gif-19869325 This is my second favourite after Thoreal Asgard https://tenor.com/view/thor-happy-fake-smile-thoreal-gif-13764100 https://tenor.com/view/smack-laughing-what-was-that-for-ron-weasley-gif-14773789 https://tenor.com/view/harry-potter-snape-approves-alan-rickman-snape-clapping-gif-5343149 https://tenor.com/view/harry-potter-dumbledore-snape-richard-harris-alan-rickman-gif-4215771 OH SNAPE'S GRINNING Seeing an everytime serious person smile does hit Pri as someone who saw that song years ago that's literally impossible for me to name the actors and that too in an order :KEKWhands: I don't remember half the actors :samhelpme: That song was a bop tho SRK 
Abhishek Bachchan
Karishma Kapoor Deepika doesn't appear cause she ain't a heroine yet Uhhhh ummmmm that's jt :KEKWhands: Hmmmm I give up I have 0% knowledge aboutBollywood movies Queen B Oh god Save me I think we'll be stirring more chaos together than the whole campus Aku and Layhurs are the new Queen Bs And our first act will be to banish the ranking system and actually make the students study :KEK: Alright kids y'all need to study now Pathetic. If only the money I received from relatives added up like this  You still do that? Akwjwjd I made it clear to my parents that all the money I recieve goes to my piggybank :pixelbartie: *receive I used to give my money to my parents until my mom started telling me the importance of having money and all
Now I take all the money to myself I still don't know if she regrets this decision or not Yay Mara doesn't loose her nitro :worry: I know.... I miss seeing my shitty banner Atleast my pieberry is still intact :furballhappy: This choices page runner has never seen a meme before The one running that choices acc They've done it before as well "See you at therapy tonight" And well looking at these ads, it seems like I need therapy Calling 911 on PB ads seems like a better option ngl :hello911: Emote? Oh that ad's really old Tim the gorgue x Corgi from TRR Yvette x Trystan Foreign Affairs?? Not wait Desire and Decorum :worrysip: Getaway Girls? Did i miss something? Ooh?  Oh :hmm: Hope it's good We'll get face options with all of them being black right? There's Legend of the Willow as well, where they made all faces asian but from different provinces Probably based on Japan I hope they do something for GG as well Learnt that lesson last year  :waitwha: Too similar How much you wanna bet ID is genderlocked? /Jk CoP :samhelpme: Oh my gosh It's the same as earlier in my region tho It...didnt...? If you're talking about the trend of everyone changing their Choices icons to pics they like back then, then it was through custom launchers it's like creating shortcuts for apps tho, both the og app and the shortcut  remains Yes "Murder at Homecoming" I'm intrigued      Thanks Tatsu What is this Wordle thing you guys play? Ohh Wait, now I can't imagine Drew to look like Rusty D: Isn't it weird tho how your pfp influences how the other person thinks you look like And this is why I have the cartoon version of myself in my pfp :zoeywink: Well, close enough I made that drawing an year ago *War flashbacks Bel* Oh no we accidentally bumped and I drenched myself in coffee, ***time to steal her boyfriend*** Same Adam same Okay but the main question is.....

You guys had to book 2 hotel rooms or one?  Hmmm nice to know :SONIAWINK: You're implying Mara slept on the bed and Snape slept on the floor/couch? You're right, he'll make you sleep on the floor instead.
||Along with him.
Who needs a bed-|| Nah he slept on the couch instead :SONIAWINK: My two favorite screenshots Ikr Also making a high school kid swear and Damien exclaim is something not normal In the Choicesverse All they care about is the prom king and queen and school spirit This felt like a disney high school musical First Day is a bop tho :furballhappy: I'd pause the game just to listen to it before discovering YT channels :Dopeyhappy: https://tenor.com/view/the-ozone-layer-protects-humans-and-humans-destroying-the-ozone-layer-cricket-meme-angry-frustrated-gif-gif-18989535 :samhelpme: :angydoggo: :angrysam: :bartiemad: :Dopeyangry: For me he's making the "seems sus" expression "I smell some fishy stuff" *nO-* 830 INR I can buy discord nitro for one month in that I do infact look like that when I sneeze Me when my relatives enter my room: *starts singing WAP* The "we had beets" made me sad lmao he really had potential There's still a discourse like this going on on Tumblr You're right Fan-made book but works just like Choices How to pronounce Kuudere and Coodere? (If I'm recalling those names correctly) Ohhhhh I saw a chart having Kuudere and Coodere as different categories and I was like "How exactly do I pronounce these two?" :JoJoThink: Kuudere is cold and Coodere is both hot and cold when expressing, that's what I got from the chart Ethaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan Ramsey Why is it called Chickengunya if it's given by mosquitoes and not chickens? :hmm: :samhelpme: I thought they were wearing glasses for a sec Sinclaire is ranked #1 in my list Drake being #2, man's got 3 faces The cursed toilet- :raifepain: Also makes sense why I can't see the channel Lol i did wonder why no one was talking about TCH in here WHA- MC how messed up and desperate for a duck can you be I'm the gaslight Is-is that Tobias?? No PLEASE Oh it's definitely gonna be the MTFL mcs They gotta be surprised for the dramatic feels  So.... Surprised baby emotes? :worrysip: Angel's really *unhinged* in here Fair HAHA THEY REMOVED BLADES 2 AHAHAH A dual welding blade :KEKWhands: Sounds like a MSA video title: 
**My husband was turned into a zombie on our wedding day!** Drew and Tyler's child?  Autumn.... WTD and THM
Brawls and Brains The art's looking good ngl Me playing around with a back scratching tool Who's MLF- oh wait her Yeah I rember Big Bully Andrew Bui  I'll be waiting with popcorn That actually looked delicious Bel :samhelpme: COP couple? Nah it doesn't fit They're both clowns Yeah Yeah What about..... Oh yeah Rafael too Who? Oh! Yeah no Kenna and Adelaide? NO WAIT ANNELYSE OR SOMETHING True Raydan? I can't think of any more couples  Sam is absolute girlboss no doubt Man I miss MW Oh yes Prince Tevan how I forget him He's precious  Yikes Careful Drew your dumb bitch disease is showing You remember RoE  LMFAO Poor Rose I still feel bad for players who spent 25 gems to save her only for her to not appear again Some did unfortunately. I had enough flame points to do so *laughs in didn't knew walkthroughs existed until 2019* Yup  Flirt You mean flirt Bel MW never flirted babe ....valid Sam's celebrity crush :worrysip: I wonder if AO3 has any Choices fanfics I never visited that tag ES
TC&TF
BOLAS
MW
ILA Man imagine if they had created a werewolf sequel to BB and called it Bloodhound A dog romance- I knew ofc :KEKWhands: That's why I said a werewolf book called Bloodhound Because I really can't say a dog romance Or can I? Turns out it's supernatural And they wasted the potential Next thing we know, MC is suddenly a fae heir It is The story needed an actual plot and correct timing I think other popular books were releasing during NB, therefore it didn't get much attention True For 300- That's double the price of a glycerine trapped glitter phone case  12 usd- Help Why's America so expensive? Americans where ya at  Go ahead Btw Pri how is this physically possible? Both of them are equal to me Magik :niapanic: :niapanic: :niapanic: Pri I didn't knew you were asexual in terms of reproduction as well I'll never get used to 12 usd for a phone case :KEKWhands: Love how everyone collectively agrees Horatio best boi Love how Martin is there for 1 milisec Gaiboo deserved a second chance Mara wishes that 15 scene had kissing on lips instead of cheek  ~~*seals the curse instead*~~